3			rating	revenue	trend	business	technology	growth	ft			cingular operating profits dip, revenue up operating profits slipped 5.5 percent at cingular wireless llc despite gains in both subscribers and revenue in what was likely the last full quarter before the company's completes its 41 billion purchase of at wireless services inc.
4			chip	intel	technology	tech	performance	innovation	hp	silicon	linux			chipmaker says tech transitions on track for 2005, 2006 following a year of execution missteps, intel 's two top executives sought to reassure analysts on tuesday that the world 's largest chipmaker can successfully navigate the tricky and costly processes of making smaller, faster
4			processor	product	graphic	mobility	hardware	card	memory	express	intel	linux			amd heralds pci express chipsets amd formally welcomed its athlon 64 processor family into the world of pci express, touting the availability of chipsets that support the new add in card format.
4			ethernet	technology	cisco	networking	patent	security	linux			cisco to acquire perfigo cisco systems has announced its intention to buy privately held perfigo, but while waiting for the acquisition to close, cisco has licensed perfigo 's technology in an oem deal.
3			revenue	trend	business	sale	technology	company	profit	research	industry			update 1 brocade posts higher quarterly profit brocade communications systems inc. brcd.o: quote, profile, research , a maker of data networking equipment, said on monday its quarterly profit rose, helped by new products
2			baseball	life	television	soccer	basketball	sport	saint	football	religion	tv			victory not enough as saints eliminated tom benson crowded around a tiny television, the fate of his football team resting on the outcome of a game being played halfway across the country.
4			industry	business	technology	company	tech	cisco	security	linux			merck boosts blue chips, cisco fells tech us blue chip stocks rose on wednesday, helped by drugmaker merck co. inc. mrk , but technology stocks fell as results from technology bellwether cisco systems inc.
4			mobile	computer	device	technology	nokia	smartphone	ios	phone			nokia 9300 qwerty communicator the nokia 9300 is a high end smartphone for business users, it runs on the symbian series 80 os and has a full sized qwerty keyboard waiting to be flipped open.
3			trade	trend	price	sale	market	retailer	growth	retail	export	industry			uk retail sales growth rebounds british retail sales rose more than expected in october and at their sharpest pace in three months. the confederation of british industry said 37 of firms in its monthly distributive trades survey saw sales
4			mobile	technology	broadband	internet	smartphone	wireless	nokia	phone			nokia demos ipv6 mobile looking to the future of the internet, voice over ip, streaming video, and other applications, nokia has developed a prototype handset that supports mobile internet
1			election	politics	democracy	china	iran	corruption	candidate	fraud	afghanistan			karzai is formally declared victor in the afghan elections kabul hamid karzai was formally announced the winner of the oct. 9 presidential election by afghanistan 's electoral board wednesday after an international panel announced that irregularities it had investigated
4			wired	network	intel	technology	wireless	communication	networking	email			intel injects cash into wimax firm the capital division of intel has invested in a seattle firm in bid to promote the wimax wireless standard. speakeasy, based in seattle, is a beneficiary from the intel communications fund but it 's not clear
4			electronics	computer	game	gaming	hardware	software	technology	apple	macintosh	linux			barred from the apple store to nurture a community vibe at its retail stores, apple computer encourages customers to hang out and play around with the equipment.
3			manufacturing	data	price	sale	technology	growth	pricing	competition	industry			micron sales rise 34 pct micron technology inc., the no. 3 computer memory chip maker, on wednesday reported a quarterly profit on stronger pricing, reversing a year earlier loss.
4			mobile	mobility	connectivity	networking	technology	wireless	robot	innovation			demomobile 2004: mobility made easier here at the demomobile 2004 conference, about 40 vendors had six minutes each to demonstrate their wireless technology invention to the crowd. some products, although amazing in description, don't translate very well on the live screen and in such a tight time constraint. some demonstrations, however, entirely captivate the audience and leave in their wake an audible buzz of excited voices.
3			politics	news	business	economics	company	stock	energy	oil	corporation	money			stocks climb despite rising oil prices stocks turned higher tuesday, sending the dow jones industrial average back above the 10,000 mark, as investors shrugged off rising energy prices and focused instead on good corporate news.
1			politics	election	protest	democracy	corruption	russia	ukraine	terrorism	opposition			ukraine opposition marches on president's office tens of thousands of ukrainian opposition supporters marched on the president's office on tuesday seeking to install their leader in office, defying poll results they said had been rigged by a pro moscow government.
4			testing	test	google	technology			google rolls out test of short message service google inc. on thursday announced a new test service that allows people to use mobile phones or handheld devices to tap google's web search via text messages, or short message service.
4			patent	technology	industry			south korea 's lg to file suit to nullify matsushita pdp patents in ... seoul : south korea 's lg electronics will take action in a japanese court to nullify patents on display panel technology held by matsushita electric industrial co.
4			mobile	technology	nokia	smartphone	blackberry	phone			nokia to introduce pda like phone monaco nokia, the world 's largest maker of mobile phones, said tuesday that it would begin selling a touch screen hand held device, a move that was seen as its first foray into the market for pdas, or personal digital assistants.
2			coaching	baseball	history	basketball	athletics	sport	football	washington			bulldog victory closes manning bowl the final manning bowl bragging rights belong to lynn english. the bulldogs closed out the career of the deteriorating 66 year old lynn landmark, which is slated to be torn down this winter and replaced by a state of the art facility, by rolling over archrival lynn classical, 28 8, yesterday before more than 3,500 fans. for the first time in 28 years, english ...
3			investor	investment	investing	greed	growth	finance	profit	money			navistar's paper profit puffery the company's upcoming earnings increases aren't exactly the stuff of investment dreams.
2			baseball	injury	basketball	sport	football	player	pitching	detroit	stats			pacers miller breaks bone in hand indianapolis guard reggie miller broke a bone in his left hand in the pacers a 98 79 loss friday to the denver, the exhibition finale for both teams.
4			dell	networking	technology	solution	hp	ibm	linux			dell seeks to improve services through support hubs dell inc. is pushing ahead with plans to open a series of it support hubs worldwide in an effort to improve its ability to serve customers, especially corporate users.
4			science	diabetes	device	technology	patent	drug	cancer			us oks device to treat uterine fibroids a new device to treat uterine fibroids, fibrous clumps that can cause miscarriages, painful menstruation and other related problems in women won u.s. regulatory approval on friday.
1			election	politics	inflation	history	democracy	succession	corruption	murder			mugabe expected to purge more officials before election zimbabwe's president robert mugabe is expected to purge more officials from his ruling zanu pf movement on saturday as the party gears itself for parliamentary elections next march amid wrangles over the succession question.
4			network	connectivity	networking	technology	vendor	availability	security	linux			vendor group publishes new web services management spec a group of technology vendors that includes amd, dell, intel, microsoft and sun microsystems, last week published a new web services specification designed to simplify network administration across a range of devices.
2			mlb	baseball	game	television	espn	sport	nfl	football	fifa	ea			ea in exclusive nfl games deal computer games giant electronic arts signs exclusive agreements with the us national football league.
4			electronics	business	music	technology	internet	drug	money	industry			ebay explodes to twice its size despite technical setbacks, the online business is stronger than ever also: kazaa loses its foothold as most popular music download site hellip;. sharp electronics moves away from u.s. market hellip;. and more.
2			boxing	baseball	cardinal	sport	football	softball			cardinals, dodgers shake things up it happens all the time in hockey, football and basketball, and maybe it will catch on in baseball, too, after players from both teams exchanged handshakes sunday after the st.
2			politics	coaching	baseball	basketball	sport	race	recruiting	football	competition	money			winning paramount to new notre dame coach charlie weis promises to give notre dame an arrogant attitude and turn the fighting irish into an intelligent, hard working, nasty football team.
3			politics	business	ceo	investing	finance	wealth	money	ethics	leadership			citigroup ceo rules out takeovers we re not a deal focused company, prince tells newspaper; adds bank must focus on ethics. new york reuters the chief executive of citigroup inc.
1			politics	election	result	democracy	polling	poll	iran	iraq	afghanistan			karzai leads but 99 of votes to be counted with 99 percent of the votes still to be counted in afghanistan 's presidential election, incumbent hamid karzai had taken a lead that many observers expect him to retain right to the end of a marathon count.
2			baseball	life	safety	retirement	basketball	sport	race	car	football	racing			notre dame 's new football coach makes debut today. a new era in notre dame football began at 8:42 pm sunday as charlie weis whisked through the halls of the joyce center. weis exited the dark blue chevy sport utility vehicle
3			trend	sale	marketing	target	stock	growth	strategy	competition	retail			target posts higher profit target corp. , the no. 2 u.s. discount retailer, on thursday posted a higher quarterly profit on stronger sales and gains from selling its mervyn's department store chain, and forecast 2004 would end well.
2			baseball	sport	football	kid	money	woman			by any means necessary for more than a year 's worth of nfl sundays, they ve won games as ugly as a bloody nose or as pretty as tom brady 's cover boy looks.
4			software	microsoft	technology	marketing	advertising	ibm	speech	email			contact centers await next generation speech ibm's nyse: ibm donation of some us 10 million worth of software to the open source community to help developers build speech applications was, of course, not completely altruistic.
1			politics	election	protest	violence	democracy	corruption	russia	ukraine	terrorism			ukraine opposition calls strike ukrainian opposition leader viktor yushchenko calls for a general strike as he rejects the presidential poll result.
3			hotel	travel	business	tourism	london	company	media			cendant to buy gullivers for $ 1.1b deal to buy uk travel company expected to close next april, funded with wright ipo proceeds. new york reuters travel and real estate company cendant corp.
2			coaching	basketball	recruiting	football	talent			a breakthrough could be in the works by now, every aggie knows the significance of coach dennis franchione 's second year. year two is usually his signature season, the one people look back at as the return to prominence.
2			baseball	volleyball	athletics	sport	basketball	golf	recruiting	football	tennis			buckeyes won 't play in ncaa or nit tourneys columbus, ohio ohio state has sanctioned its men 's basketball team, barring the buckeyes from playing in the ncaa or nit tournaments this season.
2			coaching	luck	baseball	atlanta	espn	basketball	sport	defense	football	quarterback			a look back defense and special teams keep tampa bay in it until an interception leads to the winning field goal. by rick stroud, times staff writer.
4			electronics	computer	device	usb	technology	storage	computing	linux			toshibas latest 80gb drive toshiba corporation, the leading manufacturer of electrical and electronic goods, said on tuesday that it has produced an 80 gbyte version of its 1.8 inch hard drive which will be used in a next generation apple ipod.
4			cache	computer	connectivity	chip	storage	networking	memory	intel	computing			dual core chips bring dual caches dual core chips that amd and intel plan to bring to market next year won't be sharing their memories.
2			politics	baseball	history	win	sport	winning	football	money	victory			hey 19 pats can 't lose team stumbles but sets nfl win mark there have been prettier games in the streak, and certainly more meaningful ones. but among the hallmarks of the victories the patriots have collected like so much pocket change over the
4			pc	computer	chip	hardware	intel	usb	technology	silicon	linux			intel pushes pentium 4 bus to 1,066 mhz for gamers intel corp. santa clara, calif. on monday nov. 1 rolled out a new pentium 4 processor and chip set for pc gamers, based on a 1,066 mhz front side bus technology.
2			coaching	baseball	injury	basketball	rehabilitation	sport	football	player	dallas			mavs lose injured dampier, terry dallas mavericks center erick dampier left tuesday night's game against phoenix with strained hip, then guard jason terry was lost to a sprained ankle.
4			electronics	computer	tiny	technology	small	big	size	money	space			smaller can be better stores are stocked with an abundance of featherweight gadgets. but some of these tiny gadgets raise a new question: how small is too small?
4			ibm	computer	business	data	technology	apple	patent	email	industry			report: ibm selling personal computer unit international business machines corp. has reportedly put its personal computer business up for sale in a deal that could fetch as much as 2 billion and close an era for an industry pioneer which long ago shifted its focus to more lucrative segments of the computer business.
2			politics	baseball	boxing	espn	basketball	athletics	sport	race	football			george solomon in a career that spanned 75 years of writing for the washington post, the late columnist shirley povich covered some of the most memorable sporting events of the century.
4			job	computer	employee	manufacturing	software	technology	company	productivity	industry			computer associates to cut 800 jobs software maker computer associates on wednesday said it would cut 800 jobs, or 5 percent of its work force, to cut costs amid weaker demand and falling prices for software and services.
4			network	technology	wireless	internet	broadband	telecommunication	networking			modem to connect with speedy cellular technology a top networking gear producer plans to offer a speedy new cellular technology that's an alternative to dsl and cable internet access with the added advantage of being available on the road. netgear inc...
3			business	ceo	acquisition	privacy	technology			frontbridge announces acquisition, partnership frontbridge technologies of marina del rey, calif., today revealed an acquisition and a partnership to enhance its hosted service offerings for message management and regulatory compliance.
4			product	business	technology	integration	oracle	identity	uncertainty	reliability			customers not confident of oracle peoplesoft integration ... nearly two thirds of peoplesoft customers not at all confident oracle will integrate products, survey finds. half of oracle feel that way.
2			baseball	espn	basketball	sport	football	alabama	wallace	nba	pistons			ben wallace to miss time with pistons ben wallace is expected to miss at least two road games for the detroit pistons following the death of his brother in alabama.
2			statistics	game	athletics	sport	athlete	paralympics			new ipc athletes committee members announced the international paralympic committee ipc announced here on monday the list of the newly elected athletes committee. an ipc official at once claimed it a balanced unit and
2			baseball	hockey	scouting	espn	basketball	sport	football	player	detroit	nba			pacers players, fans charged in detroit nba fight this is not original reporting. all facts have been gathered from espn, the associated press, fox sports net, the indianapolis star, and the washington post.
3			rating	revenue	sale	marketing	profit	advertising	pr	competition	money			ny times profit slips as ad sales uneven the new york times co. on wednesday reported lower quarterly net profit, weighed down by an inconsistent ad sales environment.
3			statistics	outlook	business	hp	industry			ati technologies boosts outlook after q4 profit almost triples to ... graphics chip maker ati technologies inc. is boosting its outlook well above analysts estimates after a strong fiscal fourth quarter in which profit almost tripled and revenue soared 50 per cent.
1			election	politics	controversy	democracy	speculation	corruption	fraud	terrorism	afghanistan			opposition alleges afghan election fraud afghanistan's first direct presidential election was thrust into turmoil hours after it started saturday when all 15 candidates challenging interim leader hamid karzai alleged fraud over the ink meant to ensure people voted only once and vowed to boycott the results. but electoral officials rejected their demand that the vote be called off, saying an apparent mix up with ink used to mark voters' thumbs was not severe enough to halt the historic vote...
4			computer	computing	linux	india	technology	networking	astronomy	physics			cray signs two supercomputing customers a pittsburgh research center will buy a red storm system and an indian physics institute is getting an xd1.
4			mobile	mobility	technology	smartphone	patent	ios			tiger telematics acquires integra sp to invest on smartphone tiger telematics inc acquired the uk headquartered company integra sp and its real time front end product altiolive. this technology will be used to establish its new product line, codenamed bizmondo.
2			coaching	politics	baseball	life	game	soccer	basketball	sport	football	money			new orleans lineman has unique motivation new orleans saints defensive end charles grant has a unique way of preparing for games. he imagines the players that line up across from him are the men who beat his mother over the years, the employers who took advantage of her or the people who ran out on her.
4			electronics	computer	hardware	software	music	technology	machine	apple	computing			apple 's superfast supercomputer apple computer 's machines are known for being great for composing music, editing video and, of course, downloading music.
4			ibm	linux	manufacturing	technology	networking	patent	industry			ibm gains support for bladecenter spec ibm has signed up more than 110 companies to build technologies to the open specification for its bladecenter systems. advertisement.
1			politics	america	election	history	democracy	kerry	mccain			democratic faithful see omens pointing to kerry win a lunar eclipse. a world series victory after 86 years for the boston red sox. for the democratic faithful, it was an unmistakable omen: senator john kerry, locked for weeks in a dead heat with us president george w. bush, now had the stars on his side.
2			america	baseball	history	sport	football	champion			echoes across forty years on a day when the browns last championship team was saluted before kick off, the current team played like champions themselves. perhaps it was just coincidence, but it seemed like more than that.
4			gaming	movie	technology	entertainment	battle	competition	industry			mopheus grokster battle: ii news: the owners of the morpheus and grokster p2p applications are taking yet another stand in their david and goliath battle against the multi national entertainment industry.
4			processor	computer	chip	intel	performance	semiconductor	silicon	linux			intel launches top end centrino chip a new top of the range pentium m processor has been introduced by intel: model 765, which clocks 2.1ghz, with a 400 mhz system bus and 2mb of level 2 cache.
4			radio	television	network	wireless	technology	telecommunication	networking	tv			texas instruments brings live digital tv to the cell phone texas instruments ti has developed the wireless industry 's first digital tv on a single chip for cell phones. this will capture broadcast signals and allow cell phone users to watch live broadcasts ranging.
4			automobile	hybrid	biotechnology	technology	car	vehicle			rivals join to develop hybrid car technology general motors corp. and daimlerchrysler ag are throwing their combined weight behind a new hybrid technology for cars and trucks, setting the stage for a spread to the mainstream.
4			computer	hacking	hacked	cheating	hacker	technology	terrorism	security			hacker hits california university computer a computer hacker accessed names and social security numbers of about 1.4 million californians after breaking into a university of california, berkeley, computer system in perhaps the worst attack of its kind ever suffered by the school, officials said on tuesday.
2			britain	boxing	olympic	olympics	athletics	sport	london	football	paralympics			britain 's olympic winners parade through london tens of thousands of flag waving, cheering britons took to the streets of central london on monday to honour their athens olympic and paralympic medal winners.
4			security	computer	privacy	car	technology	money	phone			in flight cell phones everywhere you look and everywhere you go these days, people are using cell phones. right now, air travelers can only use their cells phones before their flights take off, but that could soon change.
2			controversy	baseball	statistics	espn	basketball	sport	football	ncaa	gambling	money			ncaa clears rick neuheisel of wrongdoing former washington coach rick neuheisel was cleared of wrongdoing by the ncaa wednesday for gambling in a college basketball pool, but the university had its probation extended two years.
4			privacy	microsoft	technology	email	linux			yahoo! deploys, earthlink tests domainkeys yahoo! inc is deploying the domainkeys email signing technology worldwide, and has announced tentative support from rival isp earthlink inc.
1			politics	election	campaign	democrat	democracy	voting	gov	voter	fraud			fla. county to replace absentee ballots with voters jamming phone lines saying they haven't received absentee ballots in the mail, elections officials planned to mail out thousands of replacement ballots.
3			ms	business	ceo	executive	marketing	ft	woman			citigroup 's krawcheck to get no. 2 post citigroup inc. cn: quote, profile, research appointed sallie krawcheck as its no. 2 executive on monday in a surprise management shuffle designed to cultivate
4			electronics	computer	privacy	technology	apple	money	silicon	security	linux			apple hopes thin imac can fatten profits, share apple computer inc. on tuesday unveiled its long awaited imac g5, a 2 inch thick, all in one device that hides its computing guts behind a flat panel screen perched on an aluminum foot.
2			coaching	baseball	bear	scouting	espn	california	sport	recruiting	football	coach			tedford is coach of the year eight bears receive all pac 10 honors cal coach jeff tedford, who has his team ranked no. 4 in the nation and close to claiming a berth in the rose bowl, has been named pac 10 coach of the year.
4			statistics	pc	computer	linux	china	technology	pcs	computing	industry			growth of global pc market forecast to ease the global personal computer market will grow at a more modest pace in 2005 as the economic recovery slows, according to a report by a market research firm.
4			network	ethernet	technology	broadband	telecommunication	transport	networking			c w has $ 150m broadband plan cable wireless plc nyse: cwp message board is significantly ramping up its investment in local loop unbundling llu in the uk, and it plans to spend up to 85 million $ 152.
1			politics	democracy	religion	money	education			my views coming back into fashion prince the prince of wales has defended his old fashioned views after education secretary charles clarke angrily accused the heir to the throne of being out of touch.
3			business	marketing	greed	growth	strategy	time	finance	money			the coming week: fed focus the action should come fast and furious, with retail sales figures kicking off monday morning and a federal reserve event grabbing traders attention tuesday.
1			election	politics	controversy	democrat	voting	poll	bush	republican			more e voting glitches surface almost 4,000 votes got added to bush's ohio count. reports of minor glitches continue to turn up.
4			politics	computer	hacking	privacy	technology	tech	strategy	innovation			bush, kerry don't worry about tech election day is less than two weeks away, but so far technology has yet to make more than the occasional cameo appearance on either presidential candidate's priority list. that's not proving to be good news for tech executives.
2			baseball	win	basketball	sport	football	denver	time	money			anthony supplies win, atonement three key nuggets redeemed themselves wednesday at the fleetcenter in the time it takes to microwave popcorn. that allowed denver to atone for its mistake laden loss at philadelphia the previous night
4			cable	television	network	channel	technology	broadband	internet	package	tv	distribution			cable 's rivals lure customers with packages for years, consumers who wanted to cut the cord with their cable company found that getting television and high speed internet service often meant the inconvenience of finding two new providers.
4			battery	computer	storage	technology	nec	power	ibm	pcs	linux			nec delays fuel cell launch alternative power source for notebook pcs won't be available next year.
4			privacy	technology	company	growth	innovation	google	money			google wows wall street google is making everyone who snubbed its unconventional initial public offering of stock regret their decision. in the latest rebuke to its skeptics, google wowed wall street with its first quarterly earnings
2			baseball	soccer	sport	construction	golf	football	stadium	softball			d.c. bids out work district officials said they are soliciting bids for the estimated $ 13 million renovation to get rfk stadium ready for baseball.
1			election	politics	history	war	democracy	iran	iraq	terrorism	afghanistan			afghan president makes rare campaign trip afghan president hamid karzai made only his second successful campaign stop outside the safety of the capital on tuesday, telling a crowd of 10,000 people that historic elections this weekend will deliver them from a quarter century of war.
3			business	microsoft	nokia	company	technology	performance	innovation	competition	industry			a revival at hand? it 's been an interesting 2004 for nokia nyse: nok . the year started with lower sales and eroding market share. then competitors motorola nyse: mot and sony ericsson nasdaq: ericy both reported strong results.
4			cd	music	technology			sony of japan abandons copy control music cds, adapting to ... sony corp. 's music unit is abandoning its cds that use built in technology that limits copying them, after pushing the program for two years.
4			application	linux	web	technology	networking	availability	computing	windows			dell, intel, microsoft launch web services standard web services management supports a full spectrum of usage models, including the management of everything from silicon components and handheld devices to pcs, servers and large scale data centers.
1			election	politics	result	democracy	voting	polling	poll	turnout			voters in hong kong may give opposition party its most clout since ... hong kong turnout is brisk in hong kong where voters could give pro democracy leaders more clout than they ve had since china reclaimed the area in 1997.
1			election	politics	gov	race	corruption	republican	money	politician			spitzer to run for governor in new york new york attorney general eliot spitzer, whose white collar crime investigations have sent a shudder through wall street, announced tuesday he is running for governor in 2006.
3			business	buying	ft	finance	bankruptcy	competition	retail	industry			j.c. penney posts second quarter profit department store operator j.c. penney co. inc. jcp.n on tuesday posted a second quarter profit, reversing a year earlier loss, helped by inventory controls and strong department store sales.
4			mobility	hardware	intel	technology	networking	silicon	computing	linux			freescale announces dual core powerpc processor while much has been made of efforts by advanced micro devices inc. and intel corp. to bring dual core processors to pcs and servers, freescale semiconductor inc. announced tuesday at a conference in frankfurt, germany, details of a dual core powerpc processor designed for embedded applications, such as networking and storage.
4			linux	hardware	software	technology	microsoft	licensing	patent	intel	windows			microsoft reveals licensing plans for dual core chips microsoft corp. does not plan to change its per processor software licensing model when hardware containing dual core and multicore processor technology for the windows platform becomes available next year.
4			science	business	biotechnology	technology	growth	patent	research	cancer	education	industry			sales, profits, rise for boston scientific boston scientific corp. reported a 69 percent increase in sales and a doubling of earnings for the third quarter. the natick, mass.
4			software	storage	technology	networking	patent	logistics	security	linux			hds launches tagmastore when it comes to storage technology, there are a number of vendors pushing back the frontiers in what is possible. this week hitachi data systems hds , one of the giants in this extremely competitive space
3			income	business	ceo	trend	sale	profit	money	earnings			ethan allen posts little changed earnings ethan allen interiors inc. eth.n: quote, profile, research , a furniture maker and retailer, on tuesday said quarterly earnings were little changed on lackluster consumer confidence
2			coaching	shooting	baseball	college	basketball	sport	recruiting	football	kentucky	texas			uk has plan b for power forward at 6:30 tonight, poplar bluff high mo. forward tyler hansbrough will announce where he will go to college next fall. if hansbrough picks the university of kentucky, the wildcats coaching
2			mlb	boxing	baseball	espn	athletics	sport	boston	football	detroit	attendance			red sox celebrations net 39 arrests thirty nine people were arrested, including the son of boston university 's former president, and 63 were injured as tens of thousands of red sox fans gathered near fenway park to celebrate the team 's historic world series victory.
4			mobile	device	java	mobility	hardware	technology	intel	linux			amd adds mobile processor to athlon 64 lineup further pitting itself against intel corp.'s pentium m offerings, advanced micro devices inc. amd on monday expanded its lineup of mobile athlon 64 bit processors.
4			manufacturing	chip	technology	aging	semiconductor	memory	silicon	intel	industry			intel announces chip shrinking milestone contradicting fears that the semiconductor industry's pace of development is slowing, intel corp. announced it has achieved a milestone in shrinking the size of transistors that will power its next generation chips.
4			cooperation	job	collaboration	work	technology	networking	diversity			thoughtlink's exercise in collaboration communicating can be tricky when a company or a government agency has workers in different locations and even different time zones.
4			electronics	computer	hacking	hardware	software	technology	ibm	security	linux			ibm settles part of giant pension lawsuit with the economy slowly turning up, upgrading hardware has been on businesses radar in the past 12 months as their number two priority.
1			election	politics	democratic	government	democracy	voting	governance			election monitors work to build nations trust one of the primary goals of modern society is to enhance a worldwide commitment to democracy. with so many national differences concerning preferred electoral processes, it helps to have a general definition of a democratic government.
4			device	ethernet	technology	storage	semiconductor	networking	patent	silicon	linux			emulex debuts 4 gbps fibre channel silicon emulex corp. unveiled tuesday its new fibrespy switch on a chip soc 804 family of embedded storage for oem customers looking to build to the new 4 gigabit fibre channel standard.
4			linux	acquisition	software	technology	apple	networking	patent	windows			emc makes smb, channel, macintosh play with dantz acquisition emc scored a triple play with the acquisition of dantz development, a small developer of data backup and restore software under the retrospect brand.
3			stock	debt	growth	profit	bank	finance	loss	money	banking			wachovia profit rises 14 percent wachovia corp. wb.n: quote, profile, research , the no. 5 us bank, on friday said third quarter profit rose 14 percent, helped by increased lending to consumers and a decline in bad loans.
1			politics	election	controversy	history	tuesday	strategy	debate	monday			tuesday's debate has new importance after what republicans acknowledge was president bush's faltering performance in his televised encounter with democratic nominee john f. kerry, the vice presidential debate has assumed critical importance, with republicans depending on vice president cheney to halt the ticket's slide in momentum.
4			business	broadband	technology	communication	telecommunication	carrier	sprint			sprint acquiring nextel in $ 35b deal sprint corp. said yesterday it will acquire nextel communications inc. in a $ 35 billion deal that will create the nation 's third largest wireless phone carrier, sprint nextel.
4			manufacturing	technology	economics	company	tech	stock	growth	oil	innovation	industry			stocks ascend as oil eases and techs gain u.s. stocks moved higher late on friday morning in a broad based advance, as oil prices dipped, shares of peoplesoft inc. boosted the tech heavy nasdaq and data showed that factory activity stayed at a healthy pace last month.
3			rating	revenue	sale	london	profit	finance	money			bskyb sees profits rise after strong subscriber growth london : british satellite broadcaster bskyb said profit rose by 16 percent in the first quarter as the group enjoyed strong subscriber growth in the run up to the key christmas trading period.
4			electronics	computer	pc	technology	ibm	pcs	computing	linux			ibm sale reflects unease in personal computer sector every pc maker has to deal with this, one way or another, international data corp. analyst roger kay said. the problem is that it 's difficult to make money on pcs today, given how cutthroat competition has driven down prices.
4			computer	hacking	computing	technology	internet	pcs	security	linux			news: rise of the botnets the first half of 2004 saw a huge increase in zombie pcs. also called bots, their average numbers monitored by security firm symantec rose between january and june from under 2,000 to more than 30,000 per day peaking at 75,000 on one day.
3			job	business	work	unemployment	greed	people	growth	money			weak job data won 't deter fed the sluggish pace of job growth in november hasn 't changed the odds for a quarter point interest rate hike later this month, but maybe it should.
1			politics	russia	ukraine			vladimir putin comes out for dual citizenship between russia and ... russian president vladimir putin asked state duma and federation council speakers boris gryzlov and sergei mironov to begin consultations with ukrainian parliamentarians on the introduction of dual citizenship between russia and ukraine.
4			computer	intel	technology	evolution	innovation	silicon	linux			intel intros extreme edition p4 chip gartner analyst martin reynolds said intel, as the market leader, needs to keep moving people down the path of new technologies.
1			politics	abortion	controversy	election	democrat	race	corruption	republican	money	ethics			rebuked lawmaker withstands calls to step aside house of representatives majority leader tom delay, admonished twice in six days by his chamber's ethics committee, withstood calls on thursday by rival democrats and citizen groups that he step aside.
1			election	politics	campaign	florida	hurricane	candidate	weather	campaigning			in florida, the campaigning just has to wait hurricanes have crippled the campaign season in florida, and candidates are only now starting to make up for lost time.
4			business	privacy	technology	wireless	communication	networking	money	security			radioshack inks deal to operate sam 's club wireless kiosks radioshack corp. has agreed to take over the operaton of wireless kiosks in 542 sam 's club locations nationwide, radioshack said monday.
2			baseball	hockey	nhl	sport	football	skating	canada			lecavalier lifts canada its too bad a lockout is days away in the nhl. hockey like saturdays dramatic 4 3 canadian victory over the czech republic displays the sport at its best.
4			device	manufacturing	trend	technology	performance	innovation	patent	industry			advanced micro devices to miss 3q sales forecasts advanced micro devices has projected its 3q04 sales below expectations, with a sequential decline from the previous quarter.
2			skating	wisconsin	athletics	sport	competition	gymnastics			hamm gold by a sliver paul hamm feared he had blown a shot for a medal when he stumbled at the end of his performance in the vault, his fourth event in the six event men 's individual all around final. but the freckle faced gymnast from wisconsin ...
4			computer	hardware	technology	power	performance	networking	speed	computing	linux			the need for speed: high performance pcs a fast pc doesnt mean just a fast processor. hard drive speeds, memory and other considerations all affect a systems performance.
2			baseball	history	yankee	fan	sport	football	washington	uniform			expos' preparations thrown a curve some fans who had not heard the news showed up at a downtown restaurant wednesday expecting to witness the unveiling of the washington nationals uniforms.
2			boxing	baseball	basketball	sport	sex	football	drug	gambling	money			lost in translation eddy curry admits he was frustrated. sick of the losing. tried of the booing. fed up with the life in a fishbowl that goes with playing professional sports in his hometown.
1			election	politics	justice	government	democracy	parliament	corruption	ireland	eu			bid to end eu commissioner row the incoming european commission president is to meet parliament heads to defuse the crisis over his proposed justice commissioner.
3			trend	technology	profit	money	industry			creative technology reports sharp drop in quarterly net profit singapore consumer electronics maker creative technology net profit in the september quarter fell 83.5 percent to 4.8 million us dollars, with last year's huge one time gains magnifying the decline.
4			privacy	technology	option	communication	telecommunication	competition	money			fcc approves cingular's at t wireless bid the u.s. federal communications commission said on tuesday it has conditionally approved cingular wireless' $ 41 billion acquisition of at t wireless services inc. , clearing the last big hurdle for the deal.
1			politics	election	violence	democracy	protester	washington	freedom	speech			nyc denies all central park rally permits the city's decision to deny a permit to protesters for a rally on central park's great lawn on the weekend before the republican national convention is about preserving the lawn, not suppressing speech, lawyers for the city said in federal court friday.
4			computer	graphic	linux	hardware	technology	hp	ai	intel	windows			hp drops itanium workstation line it was obvious that the one two punch of opteron and then intel 's adoption of x86 64 would spell trouble for itanium, and now hp, the for all intents and purposes originator of ia 64, has axed its itanium 2 workstation line so that they can focus on
2			coaching	rating	baseball	history	statistics	espn	sport	football	scoring	competition			bcs battle when bowl championship series officials made yet another change to their formula earlier this year, the intent was to avoid the controversial results which have affected three of the past four seasons.
4			transit	mobility	traffic	technology	logistics	transport	transportation	speed			transportation it spending projected to grow government intelligence firm input says state and local spending on transportation it systems should rise from $ 1.8 billion in fiscal 2005 to $ 2.
3			business	biotechnology	option	strategy	king	research	money	capital			mylan says it's committed to king deal mylan laboratories inc. on wednesday said investor carl icahn's opposition to mylan's proposed purchase of king pharmaceuticals inc. does not affect mylan's commitment to complete the transaction.
4			computer	manufacturing	technology	telecommunication	ibm	email	security	industry			ibm integrates rfid with websphere ibm nyse: ibm is rolling out a new version of websphere software, using radio frequency identification rfid technology and middleware targeting retail operations.
2			coaching	baseball	basketball	sport	golf	football			collins hills winfield signs with usc upstate collins hill senior michael winfield has signed a baseball and academic scholarship with the university of south carolina upstate in spartanburg, sc he is the son of randy winfield and cherie welday.
4			application	business	collaboration	microsoft	technology	company	ibm	industry			ibm expands virtual resources for business partners ibm has unveiled virtual resources to help business partners more quickly build and deploy on demand business applications tailored to customer requirements across all vertical industries.
3			application	business	management	ibm	hr	seo	industry			ibm creates soa practice deepening its commitment to help corporate users create soas service oriented architectures through the use of web services, ibm's global services unit on thursday announced the formation of an soa management practice.
3			acquisition	sale	marketing	option	strategy	advertising	pricing	competition			update 2: doubleclick studies sale, other options the online advertising market is hot, but pioneer doubleclick inc. isn 't. the provider of internet advertising services has decided to explore strategic alternatives, including a possible sale.
2			nutrition	basketball	athletics	sport	exercise	gym	fitness			sports calendar newton kid and teen fitness. fitness programs are taught by certified professionals at the west suburban ymca and are open to kids ages 7 14. provides a fun environment for kids to increase their overall fitness and learn the basics of exercise. classes run monday and wednesday. for more information, visit the ymca website at
4			electronics	battery	device	palm	technology	networking	silicon			palmone unveils wi fi sd card it appears the rumours of palm creating a wi fi card are true, however before you rush to your local electronics store take note that it won 't work on any pda you can find.
4			network	mobility	ethernet	usb	technology	wireless	networking	linux			palm adds an sd wi fi card palmone has at long last released an sd wi fi card, enabling pda users to connect to both office wlans and public hotspots. however, difficulties with implementing wireless ethernet on palmos mean that the us $ 129 card will only work on the tungsten t3 and ...
4			electronics	lcd	computer	battery	television	graphic	technology	display			a flat panel doesn't always compute although lcd monitors are much cheaper than they were a few years ago, there's still a wide price gap between the lcd and other display types.
3			boeing	manufacturing	ceo	company	ft	finance	corporation	hr	money	industry			boeing posts higher profit, raises estimate aerospace giant boeing co. reported a 78 percent jump in third quarter earnings, buoyed by a strong defense business, and raised its estimate for full year profits due to a favorable tax outlook.
1			politics	election	president	democracy	corruption	russia	presidency	ukraine			ukraine parliament passes plan to weaken presidency ukraine's parliament overwhelmingly passed a bill to weaken presidential powers and change electoral law, breaking an impasse between outgoing president leonid kuchma and the opposition.
1			politics	america	election	war	democracy	violence	terrorism	fear			bush declares kerry can't keep u.s. safe president bush said friday that the choice facing voters amounts to who can keep americans safer from terrorists and that john kerry does not measure up. kerry's campaign accused the president of resorting to fearmongering out of desperation as the rivals exchanged accusations across battleground states.
4			mobile	computer	application	device	mobility	technology	storage	location	computing			pentium m may support location based services in 2006 mobile computers could provide customized information or perform specialized functions based on their changing locations.
4			mobile	microsoft	technology	nokia	phone			nokia: caution replaces euphoria analysts differed over whether improved third quarter guidance from top mobile phone maker nokia was the start of a turnaround or a brief reprieve in a grim year and the share's rally cooled on friday.
4			electronics	device	india	technology	nokia	patent			amd and vsnl to sell net communicator device in india advanced micro devices amd has teamed with videsh sanchar nigam vsnl , a leading indian telecommunications and internet services company, to market its personal internet communicator pic to consumers in india.
1			politics	violence	religion	terrorism	money	fear			no longer feared by rivals, serena just sheep in wolf 's clothing much of the new york mentality these days is governed by what is said on late night television talk shows. so when one particular inquisitor asked maria sharapova to explain how she was able to dismantle such
4			computer	linux	manufacturing	technology	networking	ibm	intel	security	server			is ibmtel the next winning combo? on sept. 2, ibm ibm and intel intc made a strategic move to put themselves at the center of the small but budding computer hardware industry known as blade servers.
3			business	buying	investing	greed	finance	supermarket	competition	money	merger			investors buy up woolies investors stocked up on woolworths shares today on renewed faith that the supermarket leader could withstand heavy competition from rival coles myer.
4			mobile	electronics	radio	television	technology	telecommunication			lg electronics unveils worlds first terrestrial dmb receiving ... south korean mobile handset maker lg electronics has unveiled the worlds first terrestrial digital multimedia broadcast receiving mobile phone.
2			politics	baseball	basketball	sport	football	gambling	competition	money			north shore gets best of st. mary's the miaa raised the price of an adult playoff ticket to $ 10 this season. last night, after six lead changes, including a touchdown by each team in the last two minutes, no one leaving east boston stadium after north shore's 26 20 victory over st. mary's in the division 3a playoffs can say they didn't get their money's worth.
2			coaching	baseball	retirement	basketball	sport	recruiting	football	coach	money			report: solich lands ohio job it appears that frank solich 's hiatus from coaching will be one year. according to an report wednesday night, solich who was fired from nebraska despite going 9 3
4			cyber	privacy	technology	company	finance	security			cybertrust to open for business in 30 days the new company, the product of the merger between trusecure and betrusted, will operate in europe, asia and north america.
3			business	ca	investing	mining	shareholder	company	sec	gold	competition			gold fields bid for iamgold in doubt iamgold corp. shares dipped more than 13 per cent in early trading on monday after harmony gold mining co. launched a takeover bid for gold fields inc.
1			politics	cancer	money			howard stern 's move the moans emanating from the airwaves these days are coming from am fm radio executives stunned by the imminent departure of howard stern, the trashy disc jockey who has become fabulously
1			election	politics	history	democracy	china	iran	candidate	terrorism	afghanistan			we dont recognize the results even before the polling booths closed in afghanistans first ever direct presidential election, all 15 candidates running against incumbent hamid karzai denounced
1			election	america	president	history	politics	democracy	washington	money			predicting a president: where the papers' online electoral maps agree and disagree new york in a new twist on e p's exclusive tracking of major newspaper web sites' electoral college maps, today's article will chart how they differ or agree on which states are still tossups and which lean toward one candidate or the other.
4			watch	electronics	computer	wired	privacy	technology	wireless			microsoft and swatch offer wireless watches microsoft and watch maker swatch say they are offering a new line of wireless data watches, bringing the era of dick tracy wristwatch radios one step closer.
4			america	computer	business	technology	cisco	strategy	everything	security			q a part 1: cisco's john chambers at company's 20 year mark tomorrow marks the 20th anniversary of the founding of cisco systems, and the company's ceo, john chambers, took the time this week to talk about where his company has been, mistakes it has made and where it's going now.
4			china	sunlight	technology	system	ai	sun	silicon	security	industry			sun looks to wall street in a comeback bid long given up for dead or dying , sun is turning its own business on its head by offering to integrate many different systems.
3			analytics	business	ceo	sale	technology	marketing	seo	hr	productivity			sap hopes partnership helps ring up sales sap america and adp are partnering to add hr and payroll services to sap's business one software for small companies.
2			hockey	television	movie	programming	sport	football	tv			nhl network programming: lockout style although the world seems more out of control than ever, it 's reassuring to know one thing has retained its original essence: the soul sucking, creativity crushing, black hole of brain cells we call tv programming.
2			concussion	coaching	baseball	safety	recovery	sport	football	coach			fundamental problems after new england's 31 3 loss to the bengals in cincinnati saturday night, patriots quarterback tom brady was asked if he took solace in the fact that, over the last few seasons, his team has had a penchant for overcoming adversity.
3			computer	ceo	management	ca	shareholder	corporation	accounting	email			ca shareholders back management over bonuses issue computer associates international inc. avoided a revolt at its annual meeting yesterday, when shareholders voted down a proposal requesting that the company 's board adopt
3			business	acquisition	sale	company	growth	profit	bankruptcy	competition			j.m. smucker disappoints, sales flat j.m. smucker co. on friday posted an 18.5 percent rise in quarterly profit, but its shares fell as much as 5 percent as sales were nearly flat excluding an acquisition.
2			championship	baseball	florida	miami	sport	winning	football	win	champion			shaq helps heat to team's best ever start shaquille o'neal promised to bring a championship to miami. and although it's way too early to be thinking about titles, he can't wait to show off his new team to his old western conference rivals.
2			news	statistics	game	gaming	movie	sport	technology	entertainment	gambling			games blur news and entertainment some game makers are trying to get players to expand their horizons by reflecting on news events in games
4			motivation	technology	marketing	advertising	personality			what is your crm personality? part 2 in part 1 of this series, gartner research director scott nelson made the case that the decision to buy a crm application involves much more than price, implementation costs and strategic goals of the company.
4			industry	linux	india	software	microsoft	technology	innovation	bangalore			software exports from india's technology hub soar 34 percent software exports from india's technology hub of bangalore shot up 34 percent in the first five months of the current fiscal year compared to the same period the previous year, an official said.
3			business	investing	technology	market	growth	finance	competition	money			canwest global earns $ 62m for q4, compared with $ 45m loss last ... special gains from the sale of international assets helped canwest global communications corp. post a solid profit in the fourth quarter, reversing a big loss last year.
3			manufacturing	trend	price	sale	company	retailer	firm	retail	recession	industry			retail sales rebound retail sales rose more than expected in october and at their sharpest pace in three months, a survey has shown. the confederation of british industry said on tuesday 37 percent of firms
2			baseball	basketball	athletics	sport	volleyball	veteran	brazil	tennis	woman			beach volleyball: brazil veterans reach semis veterans adriana behar and shelda bede beat sandra pires and ana paula connelly in an all brazil women's beach volleyball contest on sunday, showing experience counts as they advanced to the olympic semi finals.
3			business	sale	company	profit	finance	africa	money	earnings	industry			fourtou: vivendi earnings are music to his ears finally, something to sing about at vivendi universal nyse: v news people . the french conglomerate raised its 2004 earnings forecast after reporting a fivefold increase in third quarter profit, thanks to its music and telecommunications units.
3			trade	production	demand	growth	profit	steel	competition	earnings	industry			steel producer nucor sees profit soar nucor corp., one of the largest u.s. steel producers, on thursday reported a more than 25 fold increase in quarterly profit due to high steel prices, and said it expected demand to remain strong next year.
1			election	nigeria	politics	war	democracy	strategy	terrorism	africa			bid to save ivorian disarmament ivory coast's political rivals are to meet to try to save the disarmament process, which is supposed to start on friday.
2			medal	baseball	game	olympics	espn	sport	scoring	score	money			scoring goof taints gold one of the feel good stories of the olympics turned sour saturday, becoming the latest in a long line of scoring controversies that seem to show up in every games.
4			mobile	technology	nokia	smartphone	phone	windows			nokia set to unveil redesigned tv phone source nokia is set to unveil another attempt at a mobile phone designed for television and video, which is thinner and lighter than its predecessor which never made it to the market, a source said on monday.
4			compute	application	array	device	java	storage	ibm	computing	server			ibm supersizes storage arrays ibm is expected to debut its highest capacity storage arrays, pitting them against high end offerings from competitors including emc and hitachi.
4			electronics	battery	device	manufacturing	technology	performance	manufacturer	semiconductor	silicon	industry			outlook for chip gear dims tokyo global sales of semiconductor equipment will fall short of forecasts this year and shrink next year, according to a survey of manufacturers released wednesday.
4			computer	software	technology	evolution	time	apple	innovation	windows			the ipod year in review neither pundits nor the general population in 2003 would ever have predicted just how strong of a year 2004 would be for apple computer.
4			computer	programming	software	privacy	technology	memory	library	linux			charles arthur on technology once upon a time there was a boy called bill, and he had a vision of what a computer operating system should be able to do: find a file that had any sort of content you were looking for, anywhere on your machine or a local network, and hand it to you
4			gaming	software	technology	licensing	copyright	piracy	patent	license	linux			peoplesoft discounts new licenses san francisco peoplesoft inc. opened the second day of its user conference here wednesday with good news for itself and its customers: upgrade discounts and a significant licensing deal.
4			price	technology	broadband	internet	telecommunication	competition	bt	industry			price hike for business broadband small net firms warn they could be hit hard by bt's decision to raise prices for business broadband.
3			acceptance	business	investor	award	company	competition	money			gold fields acceptances up harmony the number of acceptances received from world number four gold miner gold fields shareholders is increasing, marketing director for world number four gold miner harmony ferdi dippenaar said on wednesday.
4			ads	technology	marketing	google	content	advertising	competition			search engine forums spotlight links to this week's topics from search engine forums across the web: new msn search goes live in beta microsoft to launch new search engine google launches 'google advertising professionals' organic vs paid traffic roi? making money with adwords? link building 101
2			politics	boxing	baseball	hockey	fan	sport	football	jet			jets can't weather mcgahee, bills the wind and willis mcgahee are providing the buffalo bills a formidable 1 2 punch.
1			election	politics	australia	democracy	race	religion	howard			howard 's end? john howard, australias three term prime minister, tomorrow faces what promises to be one of the closest elections in his nations history.
3			business	investing	technology	car	company	growth	finance	bloomberg	money	industry			arvinmeritor posts $ 153 million loss in quarter after unit sale auto supplier 's shares rise after it says it will sell more companies that aren 't market leaders. by jeff green and jeff bennett bloomberg news.
4			science	sunlight	technology	solar	energy	sun	industry			solaris 10 could brighten sun and two days later his company hit another milestone. it released what 's easily its most important product in more than nine years.
4			computer	manufacturing	intel	technology	aging	apple	innovation	semiconductor	silicon			intel makes tiny breakthrough contradicting fears that the semiconductor industry 's pace of development is slowing, intel has achieved a milestone in shrinking the size of transistors that will power next generation chips.
2			baseball	basketball	sport	football			the good, bad ... and even better baylor fans are in a little bit of limbo now. they re thrilled that their team continues to show that it can play with the very best in the country.
4			mobile	device	privacy	technology	smartphone	blackberry	phone			smart phone market growing more crowded the smart phone market will grow more crowded wednesday with the debut of two devices directed at opposite ends of the customer spectrum: a blackberry for consumers with a newfangled
3			trading	inflation	share	investing	company	stock	market	finance	security			stocks open higher on advances in us shares stocks opened higher thursday on the tokyo stock exchange as overnight advances in us shares prompted widespread buying of recently battered stocks.
3			inflation	trade	sale	profit	retail	competition	money	recession	industry			wall street not buying retail 's optimism top us retailers reported double digit profit gains in the third quarter, with industry titan wal mart stores inc. leading the pack and brightening its outlook for the key holiday season underpinned by the recent drop in oil prices.
2			holmes	athletics	sport	race	football	tennis	woman	cycling			holmes voted sports personality of year in britain double olympic gold medallist kelly holmes was voted bbc sports personality of the year on sunday. holmes had been the hottest favorite ever to win the award after her exploits
4			sci	electronics	computer	hacking	magic	hacker	technology	tech	security			beat hackers and learn to spy at italy tech fair fingerprint sensors, gadgets to pry open doors and transmitters to spy on unsuspecting targets were among the wizardry on show at the opening of italy's biggest technology fair on thursday.
4			electronics	computer	network	privacy	technology	networking	money	email	phone			y2k windfall for net phones? the millennial computer glitch is belatedly pushing companies to dump outdated gear for new voip systems.
2			coaching	baseball	school	basketball	athletics	sport	football	kid			hyde park learns to win worst to first is one of the hardest things to do in sports, but how do you go from winless to a super bowl berth with a diverse group of kids from a variety of backgrounds and neighborhoods, many of whom have never played football before entering high school?
2			baseball	hockey	schedule	espn	basketball	athletics	sport	golf	tennis			today's schedule pro basketball: charlotte vs. celtics at the fleetcenter, 7:30 p.m. college hockey: men umass at bc, 7 p.m.; merrimack at bu, 7 p.m.; maine at northeastern, 7 p.m.; colgate at umass lowell, 7 p.m.; princeton at brown, 7 p.m.; providence at unh, 7 p.m.; yale at harvard, 8 p.m.; ubs tournament at worcester: worcester st. at fitchburg st., 5:30 p.m.; ...
2			luck	baseball	history	sport	football	fate	money			two to go no one wants the red sox to capture the franchise's first world championship since 1918 more than the players who fell so excruciatingly shy in the four seven game heartbreakers since that glorious day 86 years ago.
1			election	politics	australia	race	polling	immigration	candidate	party	leadership			leader of devastated australian labor party to stand again opposition leader mark latham has declared his intention to recontest the leadership of the centre left labor party even as he was being blamed for its devastating defeat in the weekend election.
4			battery	electricity	technology	power	hydrogen	energy	linux			fuel cell 's got the power for 3g handsets japanese mobile network operator ntt docomo announced on thursday that it has developed a prototype micro fuel cell that will recharge a third generation mobile phone.
4			authentication	acquisition	network	privacy	technology	encryption	networking	security			computer associates to buy netegrity computer associates in islandia, ny, said wednesday it has agreed to acquire netegrity inc., in waltham, mass. netegrity is a provider of enterprise security software for managing user identities and access.
3			trading	acquisition	investor	investing	company	stock	growth	finance	earnings	security			update 2: goldman sachs earnings soar in 4q net earnings at goldman sachs group inc. rose 23 percent in the fourth quarter as increased transaction volume and a rise in mergers and acquisitions, the brokerage announced thursday.
4			technology	evolution	invention	growth	innovation	change	idea			innovation isn't the panacea it seems innovation has become an all purpose tonic, the default prescription for every pain associated with the retrenching american economy. whatever the problem slower growth, global competition, fewer well paying jobs innovating, we are told, is the solution.
2			baseball	yankee	jazz	sport	football	player	money			free agent pavano chooses yanks carl pavano has made his long awaited decision, instructing his agent to strike a deal with the new york yankees. scott shapiro, who represents the free agent right hander
4			safety	privacy	technology	vulnerability	protection	strategy	risk	security			security firms trusecure and betrusted to merge com september 20, 2004, 2:46 pm pt. most it managers won 't question the importance of security, but this priority has been sliding between the third and fourth most important focus for companies.
1			election	politics	history	revolution	war	democracy	iran	afghanistan			a rush to the polls in afghanistan the mere fact of tomorrow 's presidential elections in afghanistan is cause for subdued celebration. afghans are headed to the polls in the country 's first ever democratic election, and early indications
4			authentication	hacking	privacy	technology	email	security	im			im threat center formed imlogic has joined with leaders in the instant messaging and security community to create a new im threat center. the center claims to be the first broad based initiative to help im users protect themselves against malware threats.
4			privacy	technology	tech	media	copyright	content	patent	industry			technology ; mpaa launches first lawsuits against movie sharers technology news, a trade group representing seven major movie studios filed a first wave of lawsuits against individuals they say are offering pirated copies of films using peer to peer file sharing programs.
1			politics	election	revolution	protest	violence	democracy	iran	islam	religion	terrorism			saudis dissident says he won 't give up a saudi dissident said friday his group will not give up its efforts for peaceful action against the royal family even though its call for a second day of anti monarchy protests went unheeded.
4			mobility	car	microsoft	technology	ford	networking	ibm	speed			sbc strikes telephony agreement with ford automaker ford motor co. has signed a new contract with san antonio based sbc communications inc. for the deployment of an advanced internet protocol ip telephony network at ford facilities in michigan, the telecommunications firm said tuesday.
4			electronics	computer	ethernet	wireless	technology	nokia	nec	networking	linux			first look: nec's slick wi fi projector nec's lt265 can connect to an 802.11g wireless network, but getting it set up can be tricky.
2			politics	controversy	doping	sport	something	money			hearing held on hamm medal paul hamm said yesterday that he would give back his olympic gold medal if sport's highest court ordered him to. but lawyers for the american gymnast and the us olympic committee told the sport's highest court that there are no grounds to change the results of last month's men's all around competition, which hamm won with the greatest comeback in the ...
4			industry	windows	ibm	software	technology	microsoft	patent	linux			ibm eases isv rein ibm quote, chart is easing restrictions on its isv define membership program, opening the door for more marketing and sales help for companies that make software based on ibm 's middleware platform.
4			computer	computing	linux	software	unix	technology	networking	security	reliability			open source ip telephony slashes costs linuxworld: linux guru predicts 'next big thing'
4			wikipedia	specification	web	technology	standard	xml	networking			tech giants back specification for web services the specification builds on the ws architecture that a vast group of engineers have been working on for more than two years to develop specific standards.
2			coaching	boxing	baseball	basketball	sport	football	player	athlete	italy			carmelo can 't believe he rode carmelo anthony spent many nights at the olympics in his hotel room depressed and wanting to go home. the denver nuggets star was demoted to the bench during the athens games, in which the nba players
1			election	politics	democracy	transparency	corruption	fraud	afghanistan	terrorism	money			karzai ahead in afghan election for the national interest and so the country does not go into crisis, we will respect the result of the election. but we also want the fraud to be made clear.
4			computer	privacy	technology	networking	patent	email	security	linux			red hat buys technology from netscape linux distributor red hat inc. rhat.o said on thursday that it had bought netscape 's computer user identification and management technology from america online inc.
4			electronics	computer	television	privacy	technology	internet	networking	tv	home			digital home to set off next big electronics wave mention home networking to most people and few would imagine the routers, access points and wireless connections that in a few years could become an indispensable part of millions of home entertainment systems.
1			politics	smile	computer	security			browser war ii: revenge of netscape itsa safe bet that smiles are showing up on netscape devotees faces as internet browser war ii broke out this week. they were a forgotten bunch, these loyalists, nursing their aging, once dominant netscape
2			dream	baseball	atlanta	basketball	sport	football	strategy	brave			the atlanta journal constitution for a few hours friday night, the braves pushed aside events of a lousy week and got back to playing like a team with aspirations greater that a first round exit from the playoffs.
3			politics	success	computer	business	sex	technology	money			cheap talk five years ago, running a telephone company was an immensely profitable proposition. since then, those profits have inexorably declined, and now that decline has taken another gut wrenching dip.
4			electronics	recycling	computer	safety	laser	manufacturing	usb	technology			lexmark recalls laser printers about 39,400 laser printers made by lexmark international inc. and sold by ibm and dell inc. are being recalled in the united states because of a potential electrical shock hazard, the consumer product safety commission said on tuesday.
4			computer	software	privacy	technology	copyright	piracy	innovation	freedom	linux			can 't say i didn 't tell you so previously, i have asked what happens to the software industry if enterprises expect to acquire their software for free via open source.
2			homecoming	basketball	volleyball	sport	football	woman			duke women take life out of gamecocks, crowd the place known as much for its airball chants as the winning basketball that is played there was silent when shanika freeman 's shot failed to hit the rim wednesday night.
4			statistics	computer	data	density	technology	storage	performance	memory	speed	linux			toshiba unveils 80 gb hard drive toshiba has unveiled the world 's first hard disk drive hdd based on perpendicular recording, setting new benchmarks for data density by boosting the capacity of a single 1.8 inch hard disk platter to 40 gigabytes.
4			mobile	battery	democracy	mobility	cell	technology	phone			saved, and enslaved, by the cell a growing number of experts say cellphone use may be making us less autonomous and less capable of solving problems on our own.
4			technology	marketing	company	internet	google	advertising	competition			google profit up in 1st reported quarter web search leader google inc. , in its first earnings report as a publicly held company, on thursday posted a profit of 52.0 million in the third quarter on strong web search advertising.
4			mobile	television	technology	smartphone	tv	phone			manufacturers hope to turn on mobile tv imagine turning on your mobile phone to watch breaking news or an entertainment program. the idea could soon become reality following an announcement friday that five of the world 's largest mobile phone makers
2			ecuador	baseball	game	gaming	sport	football	chess	networking			photo 4 of 8: global gamers clash for cash $ 2.5 million in prize money is on the line as gamers from uzbekistan to ecuador compete in the world cyber games.
2			olympic	olympics	mr	sport	athlete	fame	gold	competition			olympians in pursuit of marketing gold for millions of americans, gymnast paul hamm 's fame began only when the broad shouldered olympian shrugged off a fall in the vaulting competition last week and made an inspired comeback to win gold.
2			england	soccer	club	sport	football	finance	relegation	competition	money			top clubs 'should run uk football' large football clubs should not be concerned about those struggling at the lower end of the leagues, says newcastle united chairman freddy shepherd.
2			boxing	baseball	gambling	soccer	basketball	sport	football	softball	cycling			nj would welcome homeless baseball team could the meadowlands be the next stop for the vagabond montreal expos washington nationals major league baseball franchise? that would be good move for the sport, according to new jersey sports
3			ge	ceo	sale	marketing	growth	finance	profit	corporation	hr			sales surge lift ge profit general electric co., the world 's largest company by market value, said third quarter profit rose 11 percent as acquisitions and economic growth spurred the biggest sales increase since jeffrey immelt succeeded jack welch.
4			device	manufacturing	trend	proliferation	technology	semiconductor	performance	patent	silicon	industry			global chip sales growth moderates in july global sales of semiconductors rose 1 percent in july as consumer uncertainty and swelling inventories restrained the industry's pace of growth, the u.s. semiconductor industry association reported on thursday.
1			politics	election	war	democracy	violence	sudan	conflict	afghanistan	action	terrorism			sudan 's darfur security a farce says group cleansing and rebel groups looting and abducting civilians despite an april ceasefire, a rights group says. action to stop the violence in the vast west of the country.
1			election	politics	democracy	parliament	corruption	brunei	mps	afghanistan	malaysia			brunei to reinstate parliament after 20 years as part of political reforms, the sultan of brunei, hassanal bolkiah has said that he would reopen its parliament after it was suspended 20 years ago.
1			politics	survival	violence	war	iraq	conflict	terrorism			rumsfeld says u.s. faces test of wills in iraq defense secretary donald rumsfeld said sunday the united states and its allies were locked in a test of wills with insurgents in iraq and must overcome the pain and ugliness of the conflict.
4			computer	manufacturing	technology	company	semiconductor	patent	silicon	security	industry			blue chips off, semiconductors lift techs blue chips fell on monday as investors fretted over higher oil prices and companies warning of lower earnings, but buying of semiconductor shares helped to reverse nasdaq's losses.
4			mobility	chip	biotechnology	technology	innovation	industry			by 2015 amd will it enable half of world populace global chipmaker amd has taken up the cudgel of it enabling half of the worlds population, by 2015, in what could be one the most ambitious initiatives undertaken by any technology manufacturer so far.
4			radio	music	technology	marketing	competition	money	industry			xm and sirius stream on satellite radio wins the market's straw poll by landing its two key players into the nasdaq 100 composite.
4			electronics	computer	dell	movie	software	technology	money	linux			photo: dell's photo all in one printer 962 dell's photo all in one printer 962 prints, scans, faxes and copies for $ 179.
2			baseball	college	basketball	sport	football	usc	quarterback			catch me if you can by will lloyd. the college football season is two thirds complete, yet it 's the last third of it that is sure to bring excitement and surprises, especially in the race to win the heisman trophy.
4			security	computer	million	privacy	technology	gambling	money	phone	number			bogus e mail worries users of cell phones the e mails, often forwarded by friends, vary in wording, but the underlying message is always ominous: soon, all cell phone numbers will be made public to telemarketing firms. that means, according to one version, that your cell phone may start ringing off the hook with telemarketers and your precious, limited cell phone minutes will be eaten up with calls you don't want.
2			baseball	mr	sport	football			thechat em dean cain has spent much of his life in a uniform. he's done time as an all american safety at princeton where he established a since broken single season division i aa record for interceptions , an undrafted free agent with the buffalo bills before a preseason knee injury ended his football career , a sportsman of the future in the aptly named movie futuresport and an iconic superhero in television's lois and clark: the new adventures of superman . next up is a set of pinstripes cain plays star third baseman conrad dean in the cbs drama clubhouse, which is scheduled to debut next month.
3			uk	business	sale	marketing	internet	retail	online	industry			internet sales growing strongly the value of uk online sales more than doubles, as a growing number of people choose to shop via the internet, data shows.
4			electronics	computer	chip	hardware	intel	technology	apple	hp	silicon	linux			intel intros new budget celerons and chipset intel has introduced a new addition to its line of budget celerons and a new chipset. the new products will spearhead its attack on the christmas market with a view to fending off the challenge of amds new sempron range.
1			politics	election	war	democracy	negotiation	talk	peace	iran	iraq	terrorism			can the peace in najaf be achieved? delegates to the iraqi national conference in baghdad are holding an unscheduled fourth day of talks.
4			electronics	computer	dell	printer	technology	networking	printing			dell goes wireless with printers company adds new level of convenience to home and office printing with wireless printer adapter and multifunction inkjet product. br photo: dell all in one printer 962
1			election	politics	controversy	democracy	voting	polling	confusion	corruption	afghanistan			confusion over vote count in landmark afghan election confusion surrounded the start of vote counting in afghanistan's landmark presidential poll on thursday, with some election officials saying the tally had begun but others adamant it had not.
3			sale	loss	fraud	profit	bankruptcy	competition	money	industry			american greetings reverses year ago loss greeting card maker american greetings corp. on wednesday posted a quarterly profit, reversing a year earlier loss, as licensing income and lower costs offset flat sales.
4			electronics	computer	manufacturing	hardware	software	technology	system	security			samsung: memory, lcd prices to drop; sales to rise while taking a back seat to software and security efforts, hardware is still a big time concern according to our survey. organizations are taking the opportunity to consolidate their environments as they replace
4			mobile	radio	network	technology	telecom	broadband	wireless	communication	telecommunication	networking			wireless helps fuel rogers communications profit rogers communications inc. credited surging earnings at its fast growth wireless unit and foreign exchange gains for the cable, media and telecom group 's third quarter return to profit tuesday.
4			computer	name	privacy	technology	internet	copyright	networking	patent	email	security			verisign is dealt another legal blow in icann suit a federal judge dismissed verisign's antitrust claims against the internet corporation for assigned names and numbers, dealing another setback to the company in its ongoing legal battle against the internet's technical coordinating body.
3			ceo	manufacturing	trend	company	growth	finance	ft	competition	industry			navistar profit rises, but shares fall commercial truck maker navistar international corp. reported higher quarterly earnings on thursday, but its shares fell more than 5 percent as the market focused on lower than expected profit from its core manufacturing operations.
4			computer	business	privacy	technology	communication	gateway	email	security	windows			gateway shifts back to personal computers p p p by franklin paul p p new york reuters gateway inc. gtw.n on monday said it would return to its roots as a personal computer company, backing off on an aggressive strategy of expanding into tvs, digital cameras and other gadgets in a move to return to profitability. p
2			coaching	espn	basketball	sport	recruiting	defense	football	washington	quarterback			wvu clips huskies rasheed marshall rushes for 110 yards and throws a touchdown pass wednesday night to lead no. 17 west virginia to a 31 19 victory over connecticut.
4			security	mobility	hardware	technology	performance	intel	computing	linux			freescale discloses high performance dual core processor ... freescale semiconductor, inc. nyse:fsl today is providing architectural details of its most powerful processor to date: the mpc8641d dual core processor.
4			windows	linux	hardware	microsoft	technology	content	multimedia	media			microsoft to announce media center os update windows xp media center edition 2005 supports dvd burning, hdtv, and improved support for mobile devices. microsoft will unveil the latest version of its media oriented operating system tomorrow, positioning
4			linux	intel	technology	company	apple	hp	semiconductor	silicon	industry			intel growth not up to expectations semiconductor giant intel on tuesday said its third quarter profit jumped 15 percent from a year ago to $ 1.9 billion r12.
1			politics	violence	war	bush	strategy			cheney praises bush as decisive leader as president bush prepared to accept the republican nomination for a second term, vice president dick cheney portrayed his boss as a decisive commander in chief. he doesn't waffle, he doesn't agonize, cheney said thursday...
4			mobile	network	mobility	broadband	smartphone	wireless	technology	phone			mobile phone makers hoping to get boost from 3g rollout europe's largest wireless carrier, vodafone group, this month said it's expanded its 3g high speed wireless service to more markets and cell phone makers cheered.
3			business	software	technology	marketing	greed	strategy	competition	money			you say sell, i say potato the battle for who will ultimately control business software maker peoplesoft nasdaq: psft is reaching a fever pitch not seen since the red state blue state smackdown from earlier this month.
3			news	history	business	revenue	technology	media	growth	finance	money	industry			news corp. enters new era news corp. reported net profit of $ 536 million for its first quarter, up 27 percent on the same period last year. revenues rose by 12 percent to $ 5.
3			gus	business	investor	management	marketing	lewis	finance	money	merger			gus seeks partial lewis ipo retailer gus will float part of its south african business, the lewis group, it says, against a backdrop of investor pressure to release more cash through demergers.
2			politics	baseball	hockey	game	sport	football	russia	reality	competition			triumphant russians sweep kremlin cup the narrative of homegrown athletes triumphing over foreign opponents resonates with russian sports fans, reaffirming their conviction that their country 's athletes are no worse, and
1			election	politics	integrity	democracy	voting	gov	technology			integrity of florida e voting in doubt with polls showing nearly equal numbers of florida voters for president bush and sen. john kerry, the election's outcome may again hinge on a florida recount. and the more that floridians learn about how voting machines work, the more they question whether the 15 counties with paperless voting systems can accurately count and recount votes.
4			science	laboratory	statistics	test	technology	standard	testing	research			standards for anthrax tests developed scientists working for the government have developed standards to measure the accuracy of anthrax detection tests, hoping to steer first responders away from tests that have delivered too many false readings.
4			electronics	technology	invention	copyright	innovation	patent	sony			sony and samsung in patent deal japan's sony and south korea's samsung agree a deal to share patents on new technology.
4			statistics	computer	intelligence	privacy	technology	defense	encryption	security			computer sciences lands $ 52 million biometrics deal contract with department of defense is part of homeland security boom.
1			election	indonesia	politics	history	democracy	general	candidate	religion	afghanistan			former general expected to win presidential election in indonesia a former general, who has promised to uphold civilian rule, appears to have easily defeated the incumbent megawati sukarnoputri in indonesias presidential election today, according to a nationwide survey of votes.
4			electronics	computer	hardware	software	technology	pricing	pcs	silicon	computing	linux			motivated seller sun microsystems has a new business model. over the past year the intermittently profitable santa clara, calif. computer maker has moved from quoting traditional pricing per processor for hardware, per user for software toward a surfeit of new choices. one package of software for all sorts of internet chores comes with one free server for a flat 100 per employee per year, unless the buyer has fewer than 100 employees, in which case the software is free but the server is paid for . or customers can buy computing power like electricity, at a rate of 1 per processor per hour.
4			electronics	radiation	laser	technology	energy	light	silicon			japanese team claims optical breakthrough scientists from fujitsu ltd. and the university of tokyo have developed a laser that is capable of maintaining a stable output over a wide temperature range at speeds and frequencies useful for optical communications, the research team said friday. the device could enable the creation of optical networking equipment that is smaller, cheaper and consumes less power than current devices, the leader of the research team said.
2			baseball	basketball	sport	boston	car	football	detroit	money			red sox take camaraderie to new level it used to be said that there was so little camaraderie on the boston red sox that they needed 25 cabs for 25 players after their games.
3			investing	company	stock	ft	finance	corporation	competition	money	capital	industry			3m posts higher profit, misses estimates 3m co. on monday said third quarter earnings rose 17 percent due in part to the weak dollar, but the diversified manufacturer's results came in below wall street's estimates for the first time in at least seven quarters.
2			insurance	baseball	sport	football	gambling	money			red sox crack down on scalping attention red sox season ticket holders: those precious postseason tickets could be at risk and it has nothing to do with the current state of tim wakefield 's knuckleball.
3			australia	fisher	business	technology	marketing	cooking	competition	food	industry			fisher paykel buys us company new zealand 's biggest appliance maker fisher and paykel appliances said today it acquired united states manufacturer and distributor of premium cooking appliances, dynamic cooking systems.
4			computer	privacy	technology	evolution	internet	something	networking			the future of the internet, eleven years ago it seems hard to imagine, but the internet was still a wild frontier just a decade ago. but at a leading industry conference of the time a group of seers offered some remarkably prescient predictions of what was to come.
3			technology	company	growth	profit	ft	finance	money	industry			synnex 3q profit rises 50 percent synnex corp., a provider of technology supply chain services, on wednesday said its third quarter profit jumped 50 percent, helped by higher revenue and a settlement gain from the acquisition of its british subsidiary.
3			business	company	stock	oil	money			stocks to watch tuesday stocks to watch on tuesday: johnson johnson , guidant corp.
4			security	computer	hacking	privacy	technology	protection	encryption	networking	surveillance			airdefense locks up wi fi software maintains security on laptops when they're outside the network.
1			politics	abortion	election	computer	democracy	voting	privacy	fraud			site bars black box voting head a politically progressive website at the forefront of discussions about electronic voting machines and election irregularities is barring black box voting founder bev harris from posting to its site. by joanna glasner.
3			politics	business	banking	investing	greed	fraud	finance	wealth	money	security			a thriving survivor saturday mornings often find brian t. moynihan multitasking. the president of bank of america corp.'s wealth and investment management division stashes the household garbage in the back of the family minivan and drives it to the dump, while his children chatter in the back seat. as he drives, moynihan talks with colleagues on his cellphone about complicated business transactions, performing ...
4			mobile	linux	network	ethernet	technology	internet	telecommunication	networking	windows			earthlink to offer free net telephony the isp's new software supports speed dialing, caller id, three way calling, hold capability and call logs.
4			mobile	mobility	trend	technology	growth	bt	industry			ericsson cautious despite growth mobile communications specialist ericsson reported strong third quarter earnings on friday but said it expected only slight growth in mobile networks in the coming months.
4			business	network	privacy	technology	innovation	networking	email			voip gains ground with bank of america deal the largest voice over ip business deployment revealed to date presents new opportunities, for both the bank that 's using it and the services provider that 's implementing it.
3			trading	australia	share	trade	option	stock	market	security			stocks open: asx follows us falls the australian sharemarket dropped sharply at the open after wall street set the tone on friday with one of its lowest closes for 2004.
4			electronics	manufacturing	technology	nokia	korea	semiconductor	samsung	silicon	industry			samsung to pour $ 24b into semi production on the occasion of its 30th anniversary in the semiconductor business, samsung announced plans to invest $ 24 billion into semiconductor production over the next six years, an expansion that will create 10,000 new jobs.
3			statistics	revenue	trend	sale	growth	profit	money	earnings			update 1: best buy 's 3q earnings climb 21 percent best buy company inc., the nation 's largest electronics retailer, said on wednesday that third quarter earnings rose 21 percent, but gave hints that profits during the holiday selling season may not be quite what analysts were hoping for.
3			trading	trade	business	sale	spencer	ft	pricing	money			m s to reveal sales downturn marks spencer experienced poor summer trading and is expected to announce terms for its 2.3bn tender offer substantially below the 400p per share that billionaire philip green was prepared to pay to take over the ailing retailer two months ago.
4			computer	hacking	technology	apple	networking	intel	security	linux			intel: the internet needs an upgrade intel chief technology officer pat gelsinger said on thursday, sept. 9, that the internet needed to be upgraded in order to deal with problems that will become real issues soon.
2			statistics	game	computer	gaming	sport	technology	video			video games teach more than hand eye coordination video games, often maligned as having little or no redeeming value, are becoming a way for firefighters, soldiers, currency traders and college administrators to hone their skills.
3			business	technology	company	telecommunication	growth	finance	competition	industry			far eastone says pickings slim far eastone telecommunications co projects earnings to expand mildly next year as the company 's planned third generation 3g mobile service is not expected to stimulate business
3			computer	business	fraud	bankruptcy	ibm	accounting	security			computer associates set for criminal arraignment computer associates international inc., the software maker under investigation for a $ 2.2 billion accounting fraud, is scheduled to be arraigned in us criminal court today, and former
4			trend	privacy	technology	marketing	innovation	email			icqmail to launch premium e mail service jennifer wilson, vice president of marketing and data at e mail performance management firm return path, said there is still plenty of interest in new e mail services.
2			coaching	politics	history	sport	football	texas			longhorns aim to end their sooners skid in classic football ... mack brown and his most important supporters believe his tenure at texas should not be defined by a four game losing streak to bob stoops and the oklahoma sooners.
4			industry	computer	linux	manufacturing	technology	networking	ibm	server			dell blades cut deeper to data centers dell computer re energized its enterprise class blade server strategy on monday, rolling out a new architecture that supports up to 10 servers in a seven unit chassis that can fit into a standard size rack.
4			virus	hacking	business	privacy	technology	marketing			lycos screensaver tackles spam websites striking out against spammers sounds good already! lycos have developed a screensaver that should help to put the nasty blighters out of business.
3			business	ceo	china	oracle	bankruptcy	competition	money	email			oracle 's next fight seen at boardroom following its latest rejection, the next stage in oracle corp 's battle to buy peoplesoft is set to begin in a courtroom on wednesday.
4			computer	technology	apple	blackberry	ios	linux			blackberry: born again for the mass market research in motion rimm started a revolution five years ago when it rolled out the first blackberry wireless e mail device. the blackberry keyboard seemed too small to be usable, until you tried it.
4			electronics	computer	ipod	music	technology	japan	innovation	apple			apple's ipod a huge hit in japan the ipod is proving a colossal hit on the japanese electronics and entertainment giant's home ground. the tiny white machine is catching on as a fashion statement and turning into a cultural icon here, much the same way it won a fanatical following in the united states.
1			politics	election	diplomacy	history	war	democracy	china	iraq	afghanistan	terrorism			blair denies politics plays role in decisions on troops prime minister tony blair said yesterday that british troops would only be redeployed to the more volatile, us controlled sector of iraq if it was militarily justified.
4			mobile	network	technology	smartphone	nokia			3g mobile service set for take off with most technical issues resolved and giants like vodafone signing up customers, 2005 could be the year when third generation 3g mobile services finally gain a global audience.
4			electronics	radio	radar	frequency	technology			rfid signal strong in 2005 radio frequency identification technology is going to ring in the new year in more ways than one.
3			exchange	trading	investor	company	market	bank	fraud	bankruptcy	money	banking			nortel says exchanges don 't take delisting action nortel networks corp. said the toronto stock exchange and the new york stock exchange won 't commence suspension or delisting actions because of the company 's delay in filing certain financial reports.
4			mobile	mobility	technology	smartphone	nokia	telecommunication	ios	phone			napster and dwango sign deal for mobile ringtones the napster mobile service will launch in the us and canada in 2005 and will utilize a special napster interface. users will be able to download ringtones and earn credits redeemable on napster pc based service at the same time.
2			baseball	spike	basketball	sport	football			chiefs' hall sits out with painful lip dante hall, kansas city's all pro kick returner, could only stand on the sideline at practice on thursday, icing his painfully infected lower lip.
4			electronics	lcd	computer	battery	television	technology	silicon	windows			failure in demand causes lcd sales slump it s official. people didn 't flock to buy lcd units in the second quarter which is disappointing news for manufacturers, which are now awash with the fancy thin film transistor glass.
4			housing	building	manufacturing	construction	technology	energy	architecture	transportation	industry			construction driving solid product demand surging demand in heavy construction should outweigh any downturn in new home building, according to onesteel and boral.
4			processor	revenue	manufacturing	chip	intel	technology	performance	hp	silicon	industry			intel lowers q3 revenue estimates the chip maker now expects revenue of between $ 8.3 billion and $ 8.6 billion due to lower than expected worldwide demand for its processors as well as customer reductions in component inventory levels.
1			politics	cheating	money	election			chasing the unbanked hip hop mogul russell simmons rolled into town this summer with a mission: get people to the voting booths and banking to the people.
2			coaching	baseball	sport	nfl	football	rb	vs	win			how we saw week 4 in improving to 3 0, the new england patriots tied the nfl record for consecutive victories with 18. they gained almost 400 total yards, got the key plays when they needed them and beat former patriot drew
4			industry	product	graphic	manufacturing	technology	marketing	color	linux			corel buys paint shop pro maker jasc corel corporation has bought jasc software, the publishers of the highly rated paintshop pro graphics software. the buy out strengthens corel 's already strong presence in the pc graphics market particularly
4			science	nano	biotechnology	technology	innovation	patent	research	industry			2004 global nanotech spending report lux research inc., a new york based nanotechnology firm has released a detailed report that suggests global spending on research and capital investment in nanotechnology will reach $ 8.6 this year. more than half that figure, $ 4.6 billion, will come in the ...
2			baseball	espn	basketball	soccer	sport	europe	nfl	football	attendance	playoff			claymores no more: nfl 's european franchise folds the scottish claymores, an nfl europe franchise, folded thursday due to decreasing attendance.
2			baseball	college	basketball	sport	football	coach	money			irish coach unpacks his bags south bend, ind. the bags under the eyes that hung heavy and seemed to age notre dame coach ty willingham beyond his years are gone.
4			network	technology	defense	communication	telecommunication	system	networking	security			new defense consortium aims for greater systems interoperability the network centric operations industry consortium, an international group of 28 defense oriented companies, hopes to create a network centric framework that allows a variety of communications and information systems and sensors to interact globally.
4			computer	business	privacy	technology	strategy	risk	money	security	fear			cybercriminals infiltrating u.k. companies businesses need to screen potential employees more carefully, report says.
2			team	statistics	sport	football	relegation	competition			champions league: group b review real madrid figo out how to ... three teams went into matchday 6 with an opportunity to qualify from group b, with the big question being whether superstar infested real madrid would be one of those to make it.
4			windows	pc	computer	linux	mac	hardware	software	networking	server			rebirth for the x86 your basic everyday x86 server doesn't look so average anymore. in fact, with 64 bit extensions on the table and multi core processors in the works, this venerable pc server is looking downright jazzy.
3			business	revenue	trend	sale	company	growth	competition	industry			nortel warns of weaker sales retreating from an upbeat forecast it made just last month, nortel networks corp. on thursday warned that third quarter sales will fall below its second quarter and 2004 revenue growth at
2			game	olympics	athletics	sport	football	athlete	paralympics	paralympic	event			paralympics scrap closing celebrations after crash the athens paralympics canceled celebrations at its closing ceremony after seven schoolchildren traveling to watch the event died in a bus crash on monday.
4			processor	computer	dell	linux	networking	technology	hp	intel	computing	server			dell ponders using amd processors dell president and ceo kevin rollins has indicated that the company is actively considering including advanced micro devices processors inside its server products in the foreseeable future.
2			baseball	money	sport	boston			red sox have some history to be proud of the boston red sox call themselves idiots too stupid to realize that they aren't supposed be doing this.
4			business	network	broadband	marketing	technology	market	telecommunication	patent	industry			qwest adds voip to 10 markets qwest communications international has added its oneflex voip services for small, medium, and enterprise businesses to 10 additional markets.
3			statistics	business	ceo	investor	financial	finance	accounting	money	email	linux			red hat names cfo after restatements red hat inc. , a linux software distributor that in july said it would restate three years of financial results, on thursday named charles peters as chief financial officer.
2			baseball	hockey	basketball	athletics	sport	football	sox			sox eye wells: gm epstein says talks on 1 year deal in early ... the lobby of the host hotel is typically considered the hub of activity at major league baseball 's annual winter meetings, despite the fact that most of
3			income	statistics	revenue	business	company	finance	profit	money	employment	earnings			brief: peoplesoft revises q3 earnings up peoplesoft has increased its earnings results for the third quarter after recalculating the income tax benefit related to the severance package for its former ceo, craig conway.
4			network	technology	communication	telecommunication	spectrum	carrier	sprint			sprint and nextel announce merger of equals, spin off of ... sprint and nextel communications have signed a merger agreement. the combined company, which will adopt the name sprint nextel, will serve nearly 40 million wireless customers.
3			investor	investing	greed	stock	finance	wealth	money	security			smart money why not take advantage of all the information available on how mutual fund managers are investing money? a year ago we offered a template to copycat the best pros. the idea was simple: take the portfolios of the longtime star fund managers and see which stocks they have in common. the thesis was that stocks liked by an assortment of smart guys must be stocks worth holding.
1			politics	america	election	democracy	privacy	washington	strategy	money	security			digital agenda: 10 facts you should know about homeland security campaign promises have changed little in the run up to the presidential election, but the rhetoric has intensified.
2			baseball	basketball	athletics	sport	football	money			apology due for this sorry performance there may have been gloomier, more depressing, and costlier days for a boston college athletic team in the past 40 years, but i can't think of one.
2			mobile	game	gaming	sport	technology	multiplayer			mobile games get fancier, more social who says solitaire must be a lonely endeavor? games tailored for cell phones are increasingly adding community oriented elements, such as tournaments for top scores, head to head combat or chatting with other players.
4			software	technology	licensing	copyright	patent	license	linux			torvalds denounces eu patent law three prominent open source software developers have urged the eu to reject a law that would codify the practice of granting software patents in europe.
3			trend	sale	growth	profit	money	retail	recession	industry			lowe's sees profit rising in 2005, 2006 home improvement retailer lowe's cos. on tuesday said it expects diluted earnings per share rising in both 2005 and 2006 as it benefits from increased remodeling activity and a rise in home ownership.
4			application	business	programming	software	technology	project	microsoft	development	linux			borland stresses easing software project burdens borland with its software delivery optimization sdo plan is looking to enable users to manage software projects like a business, borlands boz elloy, senior vice president of software
3			product	statistics	manufacturing	price	sale	marketing	company	pricing	money	earnings			update 1: conagra reports drop in 1q earnings conagra foods inc. reported a 30 percent drop in first quarter earnings on wednesday, citing sales lost from discontinued operations and higher costs for materials.
1			politics	america	election	war	democracy	iraq	washington	terrorism	money			attacks sharpen as clock ticks down the democratic presidential nominee accused the president on tuesday of hiding embarrassments in iraq, and bush chastised kerry for grasping at passing headlines instead of building a coherent proposal.
4			computer	module	chip	storage	networking	ibm	memory	computing			toshiba announces exchange program for pc notebook memory toshiba corp. has announced a voluntary exchange program for memory modules in some of its notebook pcs after identifying a module problem that could cause the pcs to exhibit blue screens
4			philip	price	technology	nokia	company	ip	patent	security	industry			philips halves stake in atos origin royal philips electronics continued its withdrawal from non core stakes on friday by slashing its stake in atos origin by more than half.
4			electronics	computer	itunes	ipod	music	technology	apple			reviewing ipod photo comparing the new ipod photo to iriver h320, walt mossberg writes in the wall street journal, our verdict: the ipod photo was just as easy, and satisfying, to use with photos as it is with music. it 's a winner, if a little pricey. but the iriver player is complicated and clumsy, designed by techies for techies. nov 03
1			election	politics	democracy	syria	iran	poll	iraq	terrorism	afghanistan			date set for iraqi elections; violence slows registration iraqi electoral officials on sunday scheduled national and provincial elections for jan. 30 and said that nearly 200 political groups had applied to take part.
2			baseball	injury	cleveland	espn	basketball	sport	football	quarterback			simms suffers shoulder injury; griese leads bucs to win new orleans, la sports network tampa bay quarterback chris simms left in the first quarter of sunday 's win against new orleans with a left shoulder injury.
4			processor	computer	chip	hardware	intel	networking	memory	silicon	computing	linux			nvidia to make intel chipsets the amd processor chipset market can honestly claim to have a flurry of participants these days. although the first chipsets were strictly amd jobs, today you can choose from amd, via, nvidia, and even ati to get your athlon 64 or opteron fix.
1			politics	election	democracy	cheney	polling	poll	iran	iraq	afghanistan			karzai maintains clear majority as afghan vote count passes 75 percent hamid karzai maintained his clear majority in the afghan presidential elections as the vote count passed 75 percent, according to the official poll website.
4			radio	radar	technology	wireless	routing	telecommunication	security			wherenet adds biz rules to rfid the first indication that the value of rfid radio frequency identification will extend beyond the supply warehouse was shown last week by wherenet, a provider of wireless location and communications technology.
1			politics	election	violence	democracy	war	strategy	attack	terrorism	republican			gop sharpens attacks as convention opens sen. john mccain said monday it was fair game to criticize democrat john kerry's anti war protests three decades ago, firing an opening salvo as republicans at their national convention sought to portray president bush as a strong wartime leader...
1			politics	election	war	peace	conflict	africa			cote d ivoire: all sides pledge commitment to peace process again ... south african president thabo mbeki ended his mediation in cote d ivoire having wrangled promises from all sides to revive the flagging peace process.
2			baseball	australia	soccer	club	sport	football	brazil	fifa			soccer to become football in australia soccer will officially become football in australia next year after the australian soccer association announced thursday it will change its name to football federation australia.
1			election	politics	democracy	people	voter	strategy	money	politician			electorate 's mood hard to gauge kerry o brien: reading the electorate 's mood has been no easy matter since the latham ascendancy. and voters rarely seem to show their true intent these days until an election campaign is in full swing.
4			wikipedia	network	ethernet	technology	internet	networking	speed	linux			internet2 sets new data speed record scientists at cern european organisation for nuclear research , the california institute of technology caltech , amd, cisco, microsoft research, newisys, and s2io have successfully tested a new internet2 land speed record.
3			sale	marketing	finance	strategy	profit	advertising	competition	money	earnings			colgate sees profit well short of targets colgate palmolive co. on monday warned that second half earnings will fall well short of wall street forecasts due to higher marketing spending.
3			news	share	business	trade	speculation	china	reuters	investor	shareholder			reuters up on report instinet up for sale shares in global news and information provider reuters group plc rose to their highest level since april after a report thursday that the firm may sell its u.s. electronic trading subsidiary, dealers said.
2			basketball	money	sport			us basketball not only struggling team take heart, larry brown. yours is not the sole face of frustration at an olympic basketball tournament that 's shaping up as the most compelling since 1988.
2			boxing	baseball	sport	football	revenge			clean sweep red sox dispatch angels and wait for possible rematch ... at 8:21 pm last night, there was a simultaneous leap for joy and sigh of relief in pubs, restaurants, living rooms, college dorms, maybe even a few libraries, throughout the streets of new england and, of course, in fenway park.
4			windows	application	competitor	technology	marketing	microsoft	competition	security	linux			microsoft hunting last netware customers this being the age to poach customers using rivals operating systems, microsoft corp has announced financial incentives along with tools and support to persuade users to abandon novell corp 's netware for windows server 2003.
2			rating	baseball	statistics	game	gaming	espn	sport	fantasy	gambling			fantasy leagues attract money from advertisers free or low cost services from aol, and even best buy are attracting advertising dollars for fantasy sports leagues.
3			business	technology	company	tech	strategy	profit	innovation	money			five tech firms at a crossroads netflix, palmsource, research in motion, tivo and vonage have great products and were first to market, but can they hold their leads?
4			technology	company	growth	innovation	change	google	money			is voip just chump change? at 's net phone service may ultimately generate less than $ 2 billion a year in revenue, chief executive david dorman said friday, which is chump change to a corporate giant.
1			politics	election	result	democracy	voting	corruption	candidate	fraud	afghanistan			karzai clinches afghan poll win woman and a young afghan girl killed on saturday by a taliban suicide bomber in central kabul. declare a winner until it has reviewed a report by an independent panel investigating voting irregularities.
3			industry	insurance	business	company	growth	finance	health	money	membership	healthcare			aetna earnings rise as membership rises health insurer aetna inc. on thursday posted a sharp rise in third quarter profit as it boosted membership and benefited from a big tax refund from discontinued operations.
2			baseball	sport	race	golf	celebrity	tennis	money			who else but els?! ernie els won the hsbc world match play title, the richest jackpot in golf, for a record sixth time, on his 35th birthday yesterday.
4			electronics	trade	manufacturing	technology	communication	telecommunication	import	transportation	logistics	industry			durable goods up on communications demand orders to u.s. factories for big ticket durable goods, propelled by a jump in demand for communications equipment, edged up 0.2 percent in september.
4			electronics	computer	itunes	hardware	software	music	technology	tech			software for drummers and strummers if one of your new year's resolutions is to finally learn how to play an instrument, technology increasingly can help you get started.
3			game	business	gaming	empire	company	strategy	bankruptcy	money			argonaut founder rebuilds empire the founder of argonaut games went into administration a week ago has bought back most of the group.
4			windows	computer	graphic	mac	technology	apple	macintosh	computing	linux			imac g5 in pictures the new imac, as seen in these photos taken at the san francisco apple store, places the computer's innards behind a 17 inch or 20 inch flat panel monitor.
2			baseball	statistics	espn	athletics	sport	football	softball	labor	strike			sport by sport stoppages chronology march 31 player representatives of the major league baseball players association, in a 47 0 vote, authorize a strike to begin april 1. all 12 exhibition games for that day are canceled.
4			processor	chip	hardware	technology	apple	hp	intel	linux			amd shows first dual core processor company remains on track to ship desktop and server chips in 2005.
4			electronics	computer	linux	chip	intel	technology	apple	silicon	industry			intel cancels plan to enter digital tv chip market intel corp. on thursday said it has scrapped plans to enter the digital television chip business, marking a retreat from a major component of its consumer electronics initiative.
4			network	connectivity	ethernet	broadband	wireless	internet	communication	networking	link			linksys goes dual band on wi fi with its eyes on the future of home entertainment and a relatively uncluttered band of radio spectrum, cisco systems' linksys division on wednesday unveiled a line of ieee 802.11g a wireless lan products.
2			baseball	hockey	nhl	espn	sport	player	skating	canada	toronto			nhl player reps to meet in toronto player representatives will gather tuesday in toronto for an update on the nhl 's nearly seven week old lockout. the meeting will be spiced by recent comments by a handful of players, notably the calgary flames
2			beauty	sport	race	athlete	performance	williams	tennis	woman			track and field: big night for lauryn williams moments after the women 's olympic 100 meter final last night, us sprinter lauryn williams looked up at the giant scoreboard in olympic stadium and saw an inspiring image, captured
4			computer	manufacturing	chip	technology	japan	apple	semiconductor	intel	industry			us chip related stocks including intel decline in europe us chip related stocks, including intel corp., declined after advanced micro devices inc. said third quarter sales fell from the preceding period.
3			business	ceo	technology	company	tech	ft	hr	industry			tech briefs chicago based braun consulting 's shares soared tuesday after news that the professional services firm will be acquired by minneapolis based fair isaac for $ 30 million.
4			mobile	network	technology	telecom	telecommunication	bt			lucent to deploy fixed mobile network in isle of man london lucent technologies inc. said it plans to deploy a converged fixed mobile network for british based mm02 plc subsidiary manx telecom covering the isle of man.
2			baseball	hockey	volleyball	athletics	sport	basketball	football	softball	tennis			walpole back on top state titles were common for the walpole field hockey teams of the 1990s, and now that prize has returned to common street.
1			politics	america	election	democracy	washington	money			beat the analysts to lucent 's tax news it 's a sleepy thursday in the biggest summer vacation week in the year. almost nobody 's around. anyone who is around is focused on politics and the president 's speech tonight.
4			computer	device	technology	patent	ios	windows			breakthrough keyboard technology for smaller handsets suretype effectively converges a phone keypad and a qwerty keyboard to fit elegantly within the size constraints of a traditional mobile phone form factor.
2			h	basketball	sport	hockey			olowokandi suspended for second game following arrest in ... minnesota timberwolves center michael olowokandi was suspended by the team for a second game friday night, one day after police used a stun gun to subdue him when he refused to leave a club.
2			boxing	baseball	basketball	sport	swimmer	race	athlete	swimming	phelps			possible eighth medal chance for phelps michael phelps's chances of winning a record eight medals at the athens olympics were given a big boost on thursday when u.s. team officials said he might swim the heats of the 4x100 medley relay.
1			politics	election	controversy	kerry	iraq	bush	washington	debate			bush and kerry gear up for first debate president bush and democratic rival sen. john kerry on wednesday wrapped up practice sessions for their first debate with each side claiming the other faced the tougher challenge.
4			mobile	security	device	network	privacy	technology	surveillance			free mobile security from trend micro the mobile security provides anti virus and anti spam protection for users of data centric mobile phones and pdas. data centric mobile devices, according to industry analysts, have become an attractive target
1			politics	election	president	inauguration	washington	donor	surprise			inauguration gives gop fund raising chance the gop is hoping to capitalize on president bush's swearing in ceremony next month, offering donors special inaugural packages that include access to lawmakers, a parade and galas.
4			electronics	computer	chip	hardware	intel	technology	silicon	linux			amd presents more troubles for intel if canceling the pentium 4 4ghz processor was not enough, amd has come up with fresher set of problems for intel. chipmaker advanced micro devices renewed the claims of being the maker of the fastest pc microprocessors
4			video	technology	sony			sony develops new chip for more real and refined high definition video drc was developed in 1997 as a technology that changed a standard television signal format to a high definition signal format, based on the concept of establishing a higher definition signal format from scratch. the foundation of this technology was ...
4			connectivity	ethernet	technology	cisco	networking	ibm	switch			cisco continues smb push its so called smb class extensions to the cisco catalyst 4500 series of modular switches; a new cisco network assistant; and the new catalyst 4948 fixed switches.
1			politics	election	labour	democracy	race	immigration	leadership			brown tells activists to return to party values gordon brown will make an appeal today to traditional labour values, calling on rank and file to build a progressive consensus for the 21st century.
4			electronics	device	manufacturing	storage	technology	semiconductor	patent	memory	silicon			hynix sells non memory business hynix of korea has sold its non memory semiconductor operations to citigroup venture capital for won954.3bn $ 828m and it will be renamed magnachip semiconductor.
3			ceo	trend	sale	marketing	company	stock	growth	analytics	earnings			fastenal quick to please investors the earnings information the company offers ranges as wide as its product line.
1			election	politics	government	democracy	corruption	religion	terrorism	malaysia	afghanistan			malaysian vows to push reforms former deputy prime minister anwar ibrahim vowed to push for democratic reforms in malaysia, including freer news media, fair elections and an independent judiciary, as he
3			business	revenue	sale	growth	finance	profit	bankruptcy	competition	money			textron posts profit, raises outlook diversified manufacturer textron inc. on thursday posted a higher quarterly profit and lifted its full year earnings estimate on a strong performance by its cessna business jet division, sending its shares up nearly 5 percent.
4			grid	network	collaboration	technology	infrastructure	patent	computing	linux			q a: grid alliance president on winning enterprise converts the enterprise grid alliance, whose mission is to push the adoption of grid computing, is working on standards and specifications to make it easier to deploy vendor products in a grid environment, according to ega president donald deutsch.
2			politics	doping	olympic	olympics	sport	race	rowing	swimming	cycling			pinsent set for role with ioc matthew pinsent has already been guaranteed an influential position in the international olympic committee following his expected retirement from rowing, standard sport can reveal today.
4			electronics	symbol	computer	mobility	microsoft	technology	networking	pcs	computing			for symbol, the future is at hand symbol technologies inc. is betting big on a new class of small pcs by introducing a durable business based model that sports internet phone and wireless networking capabilities, plus a bar code scanner or digital camera.
4			electronics	battery	computer	chip	hardware	technology	patent	money	silicon			qualcomm loses suit over chips after a year and a half legal battle, texas instruments has won the right to continue using qualcomm 's patented cell phone technology without paying royalties.
4			cable	network	ethernet	privacy	technology	broadband	internet	wireless	networking			at t wireless: sun, sand and 3g, anyone? san diego becomes a battleground for 3g wireless broadband, as at&t wireless debuts a service that competes with verizon.
2			coaching	baseball	statistics	soccer	basketball	sport	football	italy	relegation			factbox luigi del neri factbox after a modest playing career in serie a and b with spal, foggia, novara and udinese, del neri takes up his first coaching job in august 1990 with teramo in serie c2, italy 's fourth division.
4			security	virus	computer	hacking	privacy	technology	encryption	terrorism	phone			cell phones new targets for hackers since the skulls virus hit, people are starting to become aware of the fact that cell phones are just as vulnerable to attacks as computers.
4			computer	technology	storage	something	size			toshiba 's 1.8 inch hard disks are first to use perpendicular ... you know that hard disk manufacturers have worked miracles to increase the areal density or storage capacity of any given size platter, but toshiba corp.
3			business	investing	economics	greed	finance	wealth	money			ask the post jill dutt, assistant managing editor for financial news, takes your questions on the washington post's coverage of business and finance.
2			boxing	statistics	england	soccer	athletics	sport	football	tennis			english star david beckham enjoys free kick revival in soccer david beckham thanks better enforcement of the 10 metre rule and a slice of good fortune for the recent return of his free kick prowess.
4			computer	ethernet	technology	broadband	internet	telecommunication	ibm	email			lloyds to spend nearly $ 1 billion on broadband network european banking giant lloyds tsb has tapped ibm to assemble a voice and high speed internet network connecting branch branches, call centers and cash machines, the two companies said monday.
4			computer	privacy	technology	internet	copyright	patent	money	email	security			verisign dealt another legal blow in icann suit verisignlost another round in its battle against the internet corporation for assigned names and numbers icann last week when a us federal judge dismissed the company 's antitrust claims, filed in an amended complaint.
2			rating	baseball	television	nbc	espn	basketball	sport	nfl	football	broadcasting			abc apologizes for football introduction new york abc is apologizing for last night 's introduction to monday night football. there have been complaints from viewers and from the nfl.
4			computer	graphic	manufacturing	technology	hp	patent	productivity	computing	printing			hp unveils an array of printing products multifunction devices, workgroup printers, and a new digital pen debut.
4			electronics	radio	ethernet	technology	wireless	communication	telecommunication	networking	antenna			semiconductors offer a new way to cut the cord electronic devices are starting to come equipped with a short range, high speed wireless radio technology known as ultrawideband.
2			medal	history	olympics	basketball	sport	gold	competition	gymnastics			u.s. gymnasts end rebuilding with silver twenty years later, the boys are back on the medal stand.
3			acquisition	china	technology	marketing	company	finance	strategy	competition			keeping an eye on movado movado is worth watching because its acquisition of ebel should boost international sales.
4			electronics	computer	manufacturing	software	technology	tech	innovation	industry			tech 2005: what's new and what's next the products you use are about to get smarter, faster, smaller, cheaper, and more colorful. here's your guide to what's ahead in pcs, software, mobile gadgets, home electronics, and more.
4			computer	graphic	technology	image	photography	camera	vision	imaging	color			good scans made slowly for low volume users who don't plan to rely on their scanner to do extensive photo restoration work, visioneer's xerox 6400 has lots of appeal.
3			job	manager	business	hiring	management	marketing	company	strategy	hr	leadership			cio hiring, recruiting evolve as job duties change it executives must learn business skills, and how to teach those skills to the next generation of managers. too many look outside for help instead of training their own.
4			electronics	ringing	royalty	music	technology	ring	phone			billboard chimes in on ring tones the music industry magazine will soon be publishing a list of best selling ring tones, according to sources.
2			coaching	baseball	espn	basketball	sport	football	coach	detroit	memphis			fratello hired as grizzlies coach mike fratello was hired as coach of the memphis grizzlies on thursday, leaving the tv booth and replacing friend and mentor hubie brown, who retired last week for health reasons.
4			electronics	computer	manufacturing	technology	semiconductor	japan	patent	memory	computing	industry			elpida advances as shares start trading in tokyo shares of elpida memory inc., japan 's sole large scale producer of memory chips, rose on their first day of trading in tokyo on investors expectations a focus on consumer electronics
2			mlb	baseball	game	television	nbc	espn	sport	nfl	football			electronic arts shares up on nfl game pact shares of electronic arts inc., the country's largest video game publisher, climbed tuesday on news that it has gained exclusive rights to use nfl teams and players in its video games.
4			electronics	computer	itunes	ipod	music	technology	apple			edward c. baig: personal tech express takes digital music a step further, but it's no ipod steve jobs is a master when it comes to figuring out ways to help the masses savor songs digitally. now apple's boss is counting on a new lightweight mobile base station called airport express to continue to bang the drum for digital music.
1			election	politics	statistics	computer	democracy	voting	polling	poll	voter			gop voter vault shipped overseas massive database holds info on millions of voters, and is used to get people to the polls.
1			election	politics	democrat	illinois	race	republican	money	ethics			illinois gop skips keyes in promotion the illinois republican party left u.s. senate candidate alan keyes off a campaign mailer that touted your 2004 republican team, but both sides insist the omission was not a snub.
4			electronics	computer	software	technology	car	automation	machine	robot			there 's a new grid in town now that computer systems are bigger and more complex than ever before, industry titan william coleman figures, it is time they learned how to run themselves.
4			computer	pc	intel	technology	apple	hp	ibm	silicon	computing	linux			pc demand boosts intel earnings the world's largest chipmaker intel sees profits rise 15 to 1.9bn thanks to strength in its personal computer business.
4			computer	device	manufacturing	hardware	technology	storage	manufacturer	machine	availability	industry			apple offers fix for spotted powerbook displays apple on friday posted details of its 15 inch powerbook g4 display repair extension program, which offers a fix for certain titanium and aluminum 15 inch powerbook g4's that show faint white spots on the screen. the worldwide program covers replacement of lcd panels that show the spots; apple will also reimburse powerbook owners who paid for eligible repairs. in order for your powerbook to qualify, it must have a serial number ranging from v7334xxxxxx to v7345xxxxxx or qt331xxxxxx to qt339xxxxxx. such machines were manufactured between july 2003 to november 2003...
2			baseball	college	basketball	sport	football	competition	rivalry			getting it together the trouble with a good, or perhaps great, college football team is the competition, or the lack of it. take no. 1 southern california, for example.
4			mobility	connectivity	india	technology	amazon	internet			amd personal internet communicator launched amd today unveiled a business strategy with initial participants in india, mexico and the caribbean to enable 50 percent of the world 's population with internet connectivity and computing capabilities by 2015 called 50x15 .
2			baseball	injury	statistics	basketball	sport	football	player	williams	stats			nfl game summary buffalo at baltimore sanders has 23 career touchdowns paid attendance was 69, ravens have now posted four interceptions in a game six times...baltimore star offensive tackle jonathan ogden left the game with a pulled left hamstring...williams
4			lan	network	ethernet	wireless	technology	telecommunication	networking			wi fi jacks may lead to cheaper networks businesses looking to deploy wireless lans will soon have an alternative to installing access points on the ceiling. aruba wireless networks, a wi fi systems vendor, and ortronics inc.
4			security	computer	linux	ethernet	technology	networking	ibm	computing	windows			study: supercomputer clusters shortchange security group says popular technique threatens u.s. security by sidelining other approaches more suited to decryption and the like. br photo: ibm's unusual design br photos: the fastest computer on earth for now
3			business	company	debt	finance	bankruptcy	competition	money	industry			despite 1.8bn loss, mci says it is back on track mci has reported a $ 3.4bn 1.8bn third quarter loss due mainly to a write off of the value of its assets. the company 's efforts to recover from its bankruptcy are being hampered by stiff competition in
4			electronics	battery	computer	biotechnology	technology	research			from cell phone to sunflower scientists said on monday they have come up with a cell phone cover that will grow into a sunflower when thrown away. materials company pvaxx research development, at
4			ibm	statistics	computer	computing	microsoft	storage	technology	patent	security			emc taps longtime ibm veteran jeffrey nick for cto position storage vendor emc corp. today named jeffrey nick as its chief technology officer. nick is an ibm veteran who helped design the company 's on demand computing initiative and led its grid computing strategy.
2			game	nascar	gaming	sport	race	car	motorsport	gambling	racing			game mixes racing and role play in street racing syndicate, a video game scheduled for release at the end of the month, players can test their role playing mettle in the illegal street racing scene without the nasty risk of going to jail. a review by chris kohler.
4			computer	pc	business	technology	ibm	industry			ibm 's pc saga was two decades in the unmaking until then the ruler of a still nascent industry an a cheeky advertisement greeting its new rival. the ad said: welcome, ibm.
4			recycling	manufacturing	printing	technology	marketing	advertising	patent	packaging	industry			ncr recalls inkjet refill kits ncr corp. on wednesday recalled 78,000 printer cartridge refill kits because they do not have child proof packaging, posing a health risk to young children who may ingest the ink sold in the product.
4			mobile	electronics	device	technology	nfc	smartphone	nokia	phone			rfid cell phones take shape at nokia the cell phone maker is working on a phone that uses controversial microchips used to store product information and signal their location.
1			election	politics	democracy	corruption	scandal	mafia	italy	terrorism	money			berlusconi accused of using bill to save buddy the italian government on wednesday sped up parliamentary approval of a law that could overturn the corruption convictions of a close friend of prime minister silvio berlusconi, sparking fury among opposition politicians.
3			product	expansion	trade	trend	sale	marketing	retailer	growth	retail			wal mart sees 2 4 sales increase in september wal mart stores inc. of bentonville said today that it expects septembers same store sales in the us to increase 2 4 percent, which is in line with the retail giants previously disclosed expectations.
3			deal	acquisition	profit	finance	bankruptcy	corporation	competition	money	merger			despite mega deals, small mergers rule despite the euphoria of one of the busiest weeks in u.s. mergers and acquisitions in almost five years, wall street investment bankers cannot live by mega deals alone.
4			network	technology	broadband	company	telecom	telecommunication	transport	industry			cable wireless to cut 600 jobs telecoms group cable wireless is to shed 600 jobs in the uk and europe as part of an ongoing restructuring.
4			mobile	electronics	lifestyle	life	battery	privacy	technology	smartphone	consumer	phone			lifestyle 'governs mobile choice' consumers are much more interested in what their phone does for them than bits and bytes, research suggests.
2			baseball	statistics	espn	volleyball	basketball	sport	recruiting	football	connecticut			no. 1 wake forest wallops yale 99 72 wake forest celebrated its first appearance at no. 1 with an easy victory. chris paul, eric williams and kyle visser each scored 15 points to lead the demon deacons past yale 99 72 monday night.
1			politics	america	history	war	washington	money			mcnabb heats up in 2d half rattled, hurried and battered for 2 1 2 quarters, donovan mcnabb kept his poise, stayed in the pocket and picked apart washington's secondary.
4			network	privacy	technology	internet	communication	telecommunication	finance	patent	email			verizon will sell its 20.5 stake in canada 's telus verizon communications inc., the biggest us telephone company, will sell its 20.5 percent stake in telus corp. to raise cash to invest in its wireless and high speed internet services.
3			acquisition	retirement	investing	company	growth	strategy	profit	finance	money	security			looking for the exit sign at 42, nicholas gerber is a little too young to retire, but he is already thinking about how to sell the business he started nine years ago. it's the management company for ameristock mutual fund, which has attracted 1.8 billion with a stellar record: up 14 a year since 1995, five points more than the market average. his style is to buy out of favor blue chips like sara lee, merck and bank of america, and hold. turnover is tiny at 5 a year.
2			coaching	baseball	team	hockey	basketball	athletics	sport	volleyball	woman			hockey east women's capsules hockey east is in its last season as a six team league, with boston university scheduled to field its first varsity team next season and vermont moving over from the ecac. the league also gets its first automatic bid to the newly expanded eight team ncaa tournament.
4			computer	linux	manufacturing	technology	performance	networking	ibm	server			ibm introduces new blade servers ibm has introduced six new models in its bladecenter server line, including five new hs20 models and a new js20 blade server. the intel based hs20 systems now are equipped with two new, compact
1			politics	america	election	congress	democracy	corruption	washington	mexico			mexico's fox on warpath against congress, city vicente fox, often criticized as a paper cowboy for a tame performance in four years as mexican president, is now in a showdown with congress and mexico city's popular mayor and at odds with washington.
3			income	sale	company	shareholder	growth	profit	corporation	competition	money	earnings			coca cola warns on profits, shares drop coca cola co. on wednesday said earnings for the rest of the year would lag wall street expectations because of weakness in key markets, further highlighting the divergent fortunes of the world's largest soft drink maker and its top rival, pepsico inc.
4			computer	technology	microsoft	hp	productivity	linux			hp: the adaptive enterprise that can't adapt opinion sap hardly to blame
2			coaching	baseball	history	basketball	sport	recruiting	football			the view from 217 virginia tech edition riding a ten game regular season winning streak, ranked 6th nationally by the associated press, and coming off a lackluster performance against 1 aa james madison, the mountaineers showed they have a long way to go to even be a decent football team, much
2			coaching	baseball	espn	basketball	sport	recruiting	football	maryland	georgia			tomahawk chopped virginia was ranked higher than florida state and looking for its first road win against a top 10 team.
2			baseball	money	sport	football			inside the lockerroom i don 't know what to say. you have to give ohio state a lot of credit. they re a good football team. i m proud of them the players ; they fought back to give us an opportunity to win but we didn 't get it done at the end.
4			mobile	device	technology	smartphone	nokia	ios	phone			nokia lets parents filter out mobile smut phone maker debuts software that gives parents more control over content that children access on cellular devices.
4			statistics	computer	fast	technology	broadband	internet	time	money	speed			internet 's speed increases as it turns 35 years old as the internet turned 35 last week, web speed demons claimed a new record for how fast data can be transmitted over computer networks, announcing they had sent the equivalent of a big fat
2			luck	baseball	history	magic	soccer	sport	football	tennis			farina talks up kewell twist of fate with kewell playing below par, the socceroos provided vital proof they no longer rely solely on kewell 's magic to get a result.
4			electronics	battery	computer	itunes	ipod	music	technology			cool tech three cheers for ipod mania! and that's only the start of our guide to the hottest, newest products in personal tech
2			baseball	sport	football	strategy	money			savor beltran while he 's hot the attitude of every team in the postseason is: concentrate on today and let tomorrow take care of itself. that would be a good strategy for baseball watchers, too, especially when they watch carlos beltran.
1			politics	ads	election	campaign	romney	bush	mccain	republican			bush, mccain discuss ads by outside groups president bush wants to work with republican sen...
2			politics	controversy	sport	arbitration			british considering protest of peirsol 's gold medal victory the british olympic association is considering whether to bring its protest of an american swimmer 's gold medal winning performance before an international arbitration panel, potentially keeping alive a fiasco that ...
3			politics	revenue	business	technology	finance	competition	money	banking	industry			business ; sbc may cut more than 10,000 jobs lehman brothers analyst blake bath said in a research note earlier this week that sbc might reduce its workforce by 10,000 to 20,000 to bring its costs in line with those at other dominant local telephone companies, such as verizon communications inc.
2			baseball	team	clemson	espn	basketball	sport	boston	football	scheduling			boston college upsets w. virginia, 36 17 paul peterson threw two first half touchdown passes and no. 21 boston college returned two punts for scores to beat no. 13 west virginia 36 17 saturday.
4			electronics	battery	computer	privacy	technology	invention	copyright	patent			rim can still win at first glance it may look like the us federal appeals court handed wireless handheld maker research in motion a resounding defeat in its long fought patent litigation with ntp, the company set up to protect the patents of inventor thomas
2			doping	sport	football	drug	money			gold in a flash did you see felix sanchez blinking like a christmas tree as he efficiently paced himself round the track to win the 400 metres hurdles at the olympic games yesterday morning?
4			computer	engineering	manufacturing	aviation	technology	patent	aerospace	security	industry			kidde opens books to united technologies kidde plc, a british fire and safety equipment maker, agreed wednesday to open its books to united technologies corp. after receiving a new takeover offer from the us engineering giant.
4			politics	election	computer	technology	internet	tech	strategy	time			week in review: election takes center stage the presidential election took center stage this week, with technology playing a role everywhere from e voting machines to web sites that tracked the election results.
4			streaming	privacy	technology	broadband	ip	content	multimedia	sprint			sprint picks apple for content sprint and apple have announced a partnership designed to get content providers to connect to pcs vision subscribers via quicktime.
1			election	politics	democracy	iran	corruption	iraq	terrorism	afghanistan	security			karzai attack underlines afghan election fears thousands of kilometers away in afghanistan itself, security experts, independent analysts and candidates are equally amazed that the polls will go ahead on october 9, in spite of insecurity and few guarantees that the vote will be free and fair.
4			computer	hardware	intel	technology	mit	apple	hp	ai	silicon	linux			developers to gather at intel forum this week, chip giant intel is hosting its twice a year intel developer forum, where pc hardware and software developers will hear the company 's plans for future products.
4			electronics	samsung	technology			world 's first five megapixel camera phone samsung has developed the world 's first five megapixel camera phone. it can also function as a camcorder. oh, the espionage... ed. south korea 's samsung electronics said wednesday it had developed the
4			electronics	pc	computer	gaming	hardware	technology	car	pcs	computing	linux			alienware tames prices for home pc users in an attempt to broaden its reach, pc maker alienware has uneviled a stylishly chic, compact pc for home users. the miami based pc maker is best known for building extreme desktops machines that cost thousands for gamers.
4			network	ethernet	wireless	technology	telecommunication	loss	spectrum	carrier			cingular wireless loss is alltels, metropcs gain in the aftermath of its purchase of at wireless, cingular wireless is selling several sets of 10 megahertz wireless licenses to two different carriers.
3			business	amazon	financial	rs	money			vivendi net loss widens vivendi universal posted a near doubling in its first half net loss to 1.86 billion euros $ 2.28 billion on tuesday, hit by currency translation losses linked to its
3			rating	business	revenue	sale	marketing	profit	finance	competition	industry			corrected: siebel sees sales topping street business software maker siebel systems inc. on monday said third quarter revenue would beat wall street estimates, driven by a rebound in licensing revenue, sending its shares up 14 percent.
1			election	politics	minister	coalition	australia	government	cabinet	parliament	liberal			australian opposition sticking by latham opposition labor party leader mark latham gestures as he concedes defeat of general election saturday, oct. 9, 2004 in sydney. john howards conservative coalition party the liberals, won a fourth consecutive term in power.
4			windows	electronics	computer	mac	technology	apple	macintosh	computing	linux			apple unveils its latest imac, months late apple computer inc. rolled out its latest imac desktop computer at a convention for mac users in paris tuesday, a sleek model in which the processors and drives are packaged behind its 2 inch thick monitor.
4			flash	device	technology	storage	performance	apple	patent	memory	security			amd shares slip in wake of q3 report flash memory remained profitable for amd, but declined sharply from the previous quarter due to inventory adjustments at cell phone manufacturers.
4			network	privacy	technology	broadband	wireless	communication	networking	competition			qualcomm fans fear 2005 cooling trend investors looking at qualcomm 's qcom:nasdaq news research fourth quarter earnings report will be seeking a clear signal on the wireless sector.
4			movie	digital	technology	film	telecommunication	photography	phone			music, games, porn vodafone launches 3g the uk 's biggest service provider, with million customers, is leading the 3g push with 10 new handsets, seven of which will be exclusive to vodafone with the sharp 902 debuting as europe 's first two megapixel camera phone.
4			plasma	electronics	battery	trend	price	technology	consumer	retail	industry			plasma tvs lead gadget price declines falling prices in september for plasma televisions and digital cameras sparked the biggest monthly decline in u.s. consumer electronics prices in five months, according to an industry study prepared for reuters.
2			coaching	baseball	miami	hurricane	basketball	athletics	sport	volleyball	football			hurricanes strap on the pads for tuesday workout despite a recent rash of injuries, the university of miami 's 12th ranked football team conducted a normal tuesday practice with full contact work at the greentree practice fields.
4			laptop	computer	dell	technology	apple	hp	pcs	computing	linux			laptops drive dell profits boost computer giant dell sees profits rise 25despite slowing momentum in the pc market, as laptop sales soar.
4			electronics	battery	computer	technology	car	telecommunication	networking	money	phone			broadcom buys into cell phone graphics the chipmaker is back on a buying spree, having scooped up five other companies this year.
4			ibm	computer	linux	technology	storage	networking	patent	memory	computing	reliability			toshiba inspires breakthrough in hard disk storage dec 16, 2004: the storage race for higher capacity and smaller sized storage hard disk drives continues with toshiba being the latest vendor to break into the lead with the release of its newest invention.
1			election	politics	democracy	rebellion	corruption	reform	terrorism	malaysia			malaysia rebel politician anwar free, urges reform malaysia's highest court freed rebel politician anwar ibrahim from almost six years in jail on thursday, overturning his conviction for sodomy in a shock ruling expected to win support for the new prime minister.
1			politics	america	election	democracy	tax	terrorism	freedom	money			in support of free speech i don 't think we ought to have 527s, president bush said the other day, referring to the political fund raising and advocacy organizations that have sprouted in the wake of his signing the anti free speech mccain feingold campaign finance reform law
3			industry	britain	business	europe	broadband	company	restructuring	merger			cable and wireless plan major restructuring cable and wireless, the struggling british telecoms group, said wednesday it would cut 600 jobs across europe, part company with a top executive and shut its london headquarters.
1			election	britain	politics	democracy	conservative			britain's conservatives struggling a decade ago, analysts were calling britain's conservative party the dominant force in 20th century british politics.
4			politics	computer	hacking	privacy	technology	information	terrorism	money	security			court says interior dept. web site can stay online the u.s. interior department can keep its computers connected to the internet despite the fact that hackers could manipulate royalty payments owed to american indians for use of their land, an appeals court ruled friday.
4			windows	application	software	technology	microsoft	strategy	ibm	security	linux			microsoft offers goodies to lure novell customers microsoft announced on tuesday a program that will pay some transition costs for companies that want to move from novell 's netware operating system onto servers running windows.
4			wired	network	ethernet	technology	broadband	internet	ip	wireless	networking			study: voip costs all over the map com november 18, 2004, 4:04 pm pt. wired wireless continues its reign as the top it priority among it managers due to widespread ip telephony deployment and other network infrastructure upgrades.
4			mobile	electronics	battery	business	privacy	wireless	technology	networking	money	phone			the world in your palm new cdma gsm phones are hitting the market. are they a niche device for business travelers or a bombshell set to rattle the wireless industry?
2			coaching	vince	baseball	retirement	sport	football	quarterback			notre dame fires willingham after three up and down seasons that briefly brought the notre dame football program back to elite status, then quickly returned it to mediocrity, it was announced tuesday
4			mobile	network	wireless	technology	broadband	networking	carrier			verizon catches the nextwave arguably the longest running soap opera drama in the wireless industry has announced its final episode: verizon wireless nyse: vz announced plans to acquire assets of a reorganized
4			pc	computer	software	music	technology	marketing	microsoft	ibm	linux			msn music gears up to play microsoft corp. long ago proved itself a dominant force in the software industry. but does a company known for pc operating systems and productivity software have the chops to make it in the music biz?
4			mobile	network	privacy	technology	broadband	internet	wireless	telecommunication	networking			wireless to drive internet growth, tech leaders say wireless services will lead the next growth phase of the internet as venture capitalists who helped fund the early boom open their wallets again, industry leaders said monday.
4			software	privacy	technology	networking	ibm	email	security	linux			brief: fedex taps opsware to automate global data center operations fedex said today that it will use software from opsware inc. to help it make the most of its it resources.
4			computer	dell	manufacturing	technology	hp	ibm	pcs	silicon	computing	linux			dell to build plant in n.c. dell inc. said yesterday that it would build its third us manufacturing plant in north carolina, employing at least 1,500 people within five years. the new facility, scheduled to open in the fall of 2005 at a site to be determined, will produce desktop computers.
2			baseball	retirement	basketball	sport	football	payton			missing point, celtics stumble the turning point in last night's game came less than three minutes into the third quarter. that's when gary payton limped to the visitors' locker room after suffering a strained left hamstring.
4			electronics	computer	device	mobility	technology	wireless	pcs	windows			an ergonomic, wireless keyboard and mouse set the wireless optical desktop comfort edition, with its mildly arced keypad, allows for easy typing while providing some relief for your wrists.
3			housing	business	price	sale	company	growth	finance	home	industry			d.r. horton profit up 52 percent homebuilder d.r. horton inc. on wednesday posted a 52 percent increase in quarterly profit on strong orders for new homes and forecast better than expected results for 2005.
3			business	trend	technology	company	enterprise	growth	innovation	industry			businesses: routers, shmouters after seeing revenue growth for five quarters in a row, waning interest in the enterprise market results in a drop.
4			industry	business	technology	cisco	profit	networking	money	security	reliability			cisco profits are higher, but investors want more cisco systems, the largest maker of internet networking equipment, said its first quarter profit rose 29 percent.
4			computer	manufacturing	technology	copyright	patent	security			promising ruling in lexmark dmca case evankai writes jason schultz writes, this just in static control corp. has won its appeal against lexmark over the right to produce after market replacement cartridges for lexmark printers.
2			coaching	baseball	history	basketball	sport	football	coach			a family of coaches has followed its leader nearly 16 years after ron stoops's death, his four football coaching sons have seen to it that his legacy reverberates throughout youngstown and college football.
4			mobile	mobility	storage	technology	smartphone	pricing	shipping	ios	phone			sprint treo 650 now available for pre order the palmone treo 650 smartphone is now available for pre order from the palmone store. prices range from $ 449 with a new service plan to $ 599 with an existing one, all orders from the palmone store come with free shipping.
4			wikipedia	statistics	application	software	publishing	technology	programming	copyright	development	content			biotech's 5 baggers how can yesterday's biotech winners lead you to today's top performers? meta name keywords content charly travers rule breakers biotech eln elan imclone imcl sepracor sepr meta name tickers content nasdaq biib; nasdaq imcl; nasdaq sepr; nyse eln; nyse wye; nyse bmy; biib; imcl; sepr; eln; wye; bmy meta name summary content meta name author content charly travers meta name date content 2004 10 18t12:21 04:00 meta name language content en us meta name story uid content usmf content datasource commentary centerized 2004 meta name expiration content date 12 months meta name articletype content investing meta name contenttype content a title biotech's 5 baggers commentary october 18, 2004 title script language javascript
1			politics	america	election	race	bush	money			an industry by industry look at the implications of the election from wall street to detroit, there were plenty of sighs of relief as it became clear that president bush had won another term. as one auto executive said, bush has been a good president to work with.
4			network	technology	ip	telecommunication	patent	competition			cingular, at t and at t wireless resolve brand issues at t wireless and cingular wireless say they have resolved the issues relating to cingular's use of the at t brand name once cingular's acquisition of its former rival is complete. the agreement also includes a provision for the purchase of at t network services.
4			science	electronics	computer	engineering	technology	communication	automation	robot	physics			the internet of things at a renovated textile warehouse near boston's fort point channel, where 50 employees of ember corp. are moving this month from cramped quarters next door, young engineers are busy lining the walls with 600 wireless sensor nodes each containing a low powered radio frequency microchip mounted on a printed circuit board.
4			computer	technology	power	performance	system	hp	ibm	computing	linux			ibm transitions to power5 ibm next month will finish transitioning its core pseries and iseries server lines to the power5 chip when it starts shipping three new high end systems, two of which support as many as 64 processors.
2			baseball	espn	basketball	trojan	sport	recruiting	football	usc			irish eye no. 1 ranked trojans snoop dogg running deep post routs for matt leinart. snoop dogg rapping and giving a pep talk inside the locker room of the top ranked usc trojans.
3			computer	business	car	marketing	technology	money			treo smartphones to get smarter staying in touch with clients, customers and the home office is one of the most crucial aspects of running a successful small business, especially if you re on the road a lot.
4			windows	computer	gaming	software	music	technology	microsoft	internet	linux			microsoft makes itself at home us software behemoth microsoft on tuesday unveiled a new technological assault that will bring music, movies and television into consumers living rooms via their home computers.
1			politics	election	campaign	tax	spending	finance	money	lobbying			campaign finance legislation introduced the sponsors of the nation's campaign finance law introduced legislation wednesday that they said would end the millions spent by outside groups in the presidential race.
3			acquisition	business	speculation	takeover	marketing	shareholder	company	option	finance			distiller glenmorangie in takeover talks scotch malt whisky distiller glenmorangie gmga.l is in talks with a number of parties regarding a possible offer for the company, the firm has said, as the news pushed its shares up almost 20 percent.
4			electronics	ibm	computer	application	technology	telecommunication	patent	industry			new rfid services based on ibm 's own tagging projects rfid work done at an ibm chip factory becomes the basis for a new line of consulting services. by laurie sullivan. ibm is introducing a line of radio frequency identification services for midmarket companies
2			boxing	game	television	gaming	movie	sport	music	commercial			rocky bullwinkle headed for mobile phones mobile gaming company inks a deal to introduce ring tones and games based on the popular 1960s cartoon.
4			mobile	network	mobility	technology	nokia			napster to enter ringtone market with dwango mumbai: napster today announced that it has forged an agreement with dwango wireless, a leading mobile developer and publisher of entertainment content to launch napster mobile across major north american carriers.
3			business	sale	marketing	growth	profit	loss	bankruptcy			wider loss on lower sales inc. monday widened its third quarter loss projection and lowered its revenue forecast. the company said sales from its vision direct corp.
4			mobile	network	privacy	technology	microsoft	nokia	networking	phone			two more top nokia execs exit nokia quote, profile, research said on friday the head of its networks unit had resigned and another top networks executive left, in the second major shake up
4			mobile	network	trend	technology	telecommunication	growth	industry			cell phone market growth slowing ericsson ericsson, the world's biggest producer of mobile phone networks, said market growth would slow next year, sending its share price down sharply despite reporting a big jump in third quarter profits on friday.
4			computer	privacy	technology	internet	website	networking			looksmart buys com september 23, 2004, 9:53 am pt. there 's no doubt the internet will continue to make its mark in the world of business and technology.
1			election	politics	democracy	voting	immigration	people	voter			flood of new voters signing up new voters are flooding local election offices with paperwork, registering in significantly higher numbers than four years ago as attention to the presidential election runs high and an array of activist groups recruit would be voters who could prove critical come nov. 2.
4			game	gaming	console	technology	entertainment	strategy	industry			game publishers sweat console change more game companies may drop out of business as new consoles push up development costs.
4			computer	linux	network	technology	evolution	networking	silicon	security	industry			sun microsystems rolls out much awaited solaris 10 sun microsystems inc. on sunday introduced the long awaited next version of its operating system, solaris 10, which the network computer maker is betting on to help bring itself back to sustained profitability.
3			trend	investing	marketing	market	finance	dow	competition	money	industry			dow jones buys marketwatch for $ 519 million new york business news publisher dow jones co. said today it is acquiring marketwatch inc., an online financial news and information provider, for $ 519 million in cash, broadening the company 's presence in the growing realm of online advertising.
1			election	politics	statistics	result	democracy	polling	candidate	party			election blow for hk democrats hong kong 's main pro democracy parties have made disappointing gains in legislative elections, adding just three seats to their tally.
4			computer	network	privacy	technology	internet	website	networking	email	security			browsing for secure alternative browsers web browsers are our windows to the internet. they enable us to navigate about the internet with ease and they help secure us and protect our privacy when we conduct online transactions.
1			election	politics	voting	privacy	technology			maryland court rejects paper requirement for e voting a maryland county court yesterday rejected a challenge to the use of electronic voting machines that sought to allow voters to opt out of using the technology.
2			baseball	nascar	television	fan	sport	football	tv	cancer			morris adds to the anxiety baseball fans who were looking to busch stadium for reassurance thursday night came away more apprehensive than ever. a few days removed from playing host to a national league division series
1			election	politics	government	canadian	democracy	parliament	quebec	mps	canada			minority liberals to oppose bloc amendment, put government on line ottawa cp paul martin's minority government is set to put its political life on the line thursday by opposing a bloc quebecois amendment to the throne speech.
4			security	computer	safety	privacy	technology	protection	internet	encryption	consumer	surveillance			home pcs not as protected as owners think internet users at home are not nearly as safe online as they believe, according to a nationwide inspection by researchers. they found most consumers have no firewall protection, outdated antivirus software and dozens of spyware programs secretly running on their computers.
4			windows	computer	desktop	graphic	hardware	technology	apple	macintosh	linux			apple unwraps new imac g5s stylish desktops conceal the processor, hard drive, and optical drive behind the display.
3			ads	revenue	advertisement	business	sale	marketing	ad	advertising	commercial			update 1: ad sales spur growth at washington post the washington post co. earned $ 82.5 million in its third quarter, the company reported friday, well above the $ 19.9 million it earned in the year ago period, when results were weighed down by expenses for
2			politics	baseball	life	college	basketball	sport	recruiting	football	usc			buzz on usc keeps forgetting football the no. 1 trojans look to change the subject away from eligibility rulings and rape allegations. the preseason buzz out of usc has had little to do with football.
2			baseball	history	basketball	sport	football	money			chance for upset just a midshipmen night 's dream if you read columns across the country, listened to sports talk radio or even watched espn 's sportscenter, you probably got the impression in the days leading up to saturday that notre dame was in grave danger of losing to navy
4			network	technology	cisco	switching	networking	switch	security	reliability			cisco shakes up switch management cisco systems is shaking up its network management with the release of two new switches. aimed at mid sized enterprises, the switches acknowledge that there are large numbers of people who are not confident
2			baseball	television	nbc	espn	basketball	sport	cbs	nfl	football	tv			nfl, abc cover their butts hoping to avoid a repeat of janet jackson 's infamous wardrobe malfunction during last february 's mtv produced super bowl halftime show, the nfl and abc are exercising extra caution when it comes to airing their latest all star event.
2			coaching	baseball	espn	volleyball	basketball	sport	acc	recruiting	football			no. 15 hokies still have acc title hopes virginia tech was picked to finish in the middle of the pack in its first year in the acc. instead, it heads into the final weeks of the season with a chance to win the conference title.
4			biotechnology	technology	tech	growth	strategy	innovation	money	speed			deciphering the nasdaq the fall season that greets us this month is usually the best time to make money with technology stocks. so, does the nasdaq stock index, drooping with a decline of about 8 percent so far this year, really represent the investing world's view of technology right now?
3			job	computer	business	ceo	technology	strategy	ibm	money	security			computer associates' next ceo gets to work hired from ibm, ceo elect john swainson plans to move fast, without mimicking the software or services strategy of his former employer.
3			business	investing	company	bank	strategy	finance	competition	banking	merger			jp morgan, cazenove agree joint venture deal cazenove and jp morgan have agreed a joint venture that effectively ends 181 years of independence for the uk stockbroker. the new venture, to be called jp morgan cazenove
4			windows	computer	application	software	technology	microsoft	ibm	linux			microsoft expands mainframe pitch microsoft is expanding a plan to draw mainframe customers to windows for high end applications. under a program with the internal code name mission critical microsoft, the company is trying to extend its current
3			election	acquisition	ceo	investor	shareholder	company	growth	loss	corporation			sungard divides, spins off dr unit software company sungard data systems inc. is dividing into two parts and spinning off its disaster recovery technology business to shareholders, chief executive cristobal conde said. its shares climbed more than 12 percent monday.
4			electronics	lcd	computer	battery	storage	technology			global lcd oversupply to peak report excess supplies of large liquid crystal displays lcds are forecast to peak in the third quarter of this year, but will balance out by the fourth, a us research firm said on friday.
3			inflation	business	trend	profit	finance	competition	money	recession			abercrombie warns of profit shortfall youth oriented retailer abercrombie fitch co. on tuesday posted an unexpected fall in quarterly profit, due largely to a lawsuit settlement charge and warned of a profit shortfall for the current quarter.
1			politics	election	labour	result	conservative	candidate	transport			labour party retains hartlepool labour wins the hartlepool by election with a reduced majority, as the conservatives are beaten into fourth place.
1			politics	election	history	revolution	violence	democracy	war	russia	afghanistan	terrorism			chechens vote for new leader; 'bomber' kills self chechens voted on sunday for a new president in a tense election, but many doubted the moscow backed police officer who was set to win would manage to stamp out rebellion in the turbulent region.
3			business	revenue	sale	performance	profit	finance	competition	money			payless posts profit on cost control retailer payless shoesource inc. on friday posted a quarterly profit, as lower advertising and payroll expenses and other cost savings offset decreased sales.
3			ibm	share	equity	company	stock	patent	corporation	money			ibm earmarks $ 4b for stock buyback, names ups ceo to board the board of ibm corp. has authorized up to $ 4 billion in additional funding for its stock buyback program. armonk, ny based ibm nyse: ibm says it will repurchase shares on the open market or in private
3			trading	investor	investing	company	stock	market	profit	oil	money			earning reports keep investors on edge investors are expected to focus on oil prices and corporate earnings outlooks next week, and the slightest warning about company revenues could weigh on stocks.
4			computer	application	java	technology	networking	ibm	email	windows			briefly: gateway says, hold on to your hard drive roundup plus: kinko's debuts web based print options...majoras takes charge of ftc...business objects to bundle ibm tools.
4			computer	linux	software	technology	infrastructure	networking	security	windows			novell lays out infrastructure, identity wares this fourth priority 's main focus has been improving or obtaining crm and erp software for the past year and a half. novell on monday used its annual
4			america	computer	million	privacy	technology	terrorism	networking	advertising	money			the internet is calling web phone service is exploding. and maverick jeffrey citron lit the industry's fuse
4			electronics	radio	sale	privacy	technology	marketing	car	consumer	phone			circuit city picks up at t net phone plan the retailer will sell callvantage in many of its outlets and through its web site.
4			processor	computer	chip	hardware	technology	performance	apple	intel	linux			intel delivers updated itanium 2 chips gunning for markets that have long been the domain of risc based systems, intel yesterday delivered updated itanium 2 processors with larger memory caches.
4			application	linux	software	privacy	technology	internet	security	windows			software maker targets remote access market among new products from 3am labs is a free tool for accessing a pc via any device with a browser.
1			politics	election	terror	war	terrorist	strategy	attack	terrorism	fear			candidates play on fears of attacks, war playing on the fear factor, vice president dick cheney suggested in a campaign speech there might be another terrorist attack on the united states if john kerry were in the white house. president bush's opponents' are raising their own worst fears, including the potential for more wars during a second bush term.
4			electronics	computer	network	ethernet	intel	technology	wireless	networking	silicon	linux			intel invests in rollout of wimax intel is hoping its investments in wimax and clearwire will ultimately pay off. the more demand for wireless computers, the more demand for intel 's microprocessors.
4			computer	pc	business	technology	microsoft	apple	ibm	pcs	linux			report: ibm's pc business up for sale ibm has put its pc business up for sale, according to a story published on friday on web site of the new york times.
4			windows	computer	software	technology	microsoft	security	linux			probably best to install windows update q: i am not computer intelligent, so i use a tech support company for help. i have read in the paper about service pack 2 for microsoft windows xp.
2			coaching	bc	espn	basketball	sport	boston	football	washington	canada			bc starts fast, finishes strong it was the first game of the year, but boston college was in midseason form. the eagles came out flying in the first period last night, established a 3 0 lead, and never looked back, defeating defending national champion denver, 6 2, at conte forum.
2			baseball	retirement	sport	veteran	nfl	football	quarterback			warner moving again? veteran quarterback kurt warner continues to feel like he has good football left to play, but his next chance may have to come outside of the giants organization.
4			science	biotechnology	technology	vaccine	strategy	innovation	research	cancer	industry			bioterror defense strategy frustrates industry when president bush signed project bioshield into law in july, he said he was immediately making $ 5.6 billion available to counter such anticipated threats as smallpox genetically engineered to render current vaccines useless.
4			electronics	pc	computer	hardware	software	technology	car	apple	linux			you broke it, you fix it the new imac g5 is completely user serviceable. if something goes wrong, apple ships you the spare parts and you do the work. it's the wave of the future: soon most pc repairs will be done at home. by leander kahney.
1			politics	election	violence	democracy	terrorism	money	fear			n.y. nervous? fugedaboutit in a city where terror attacks and a massive blackout have come, gone, and failed to stop business as usual, a few thousand republicans are unlikely to slow things down.
4			mobile	electronics	device	technology	smartphone	nokia	innovation	phone			smart phone market growing more crowded the smart phone market will grow more crowded wednesday with the debut of two devices directed at opposite ends of the customer spectrum: a blackberry for consumers with a newfangled keyboard and a nokia phone organizer for mobile business professionals.
4			device	network	connectivity	ethernet	mobility	broadband	nokia	wireless	networking			bluetooth chews on future plans technical group outlines its wireless plans through 2006, updates current specification to trim power consumption.
1			sen	politics	election	democrat	race	republican	money			santorum keeps low profile with specter ordinarily, sen. rick santorum might figure to be sen. arlen specter's most public of allies in a fierce and ultimately successful battle for the chairmanship of the senate judiciary committee, one pennsylvania republican aiding another in a classic capitol power struggle.
3			success	business	work	technology	marketing	people	money			join the cto club in my years writing this column for ctos, the positive e mail ive received often boils down to a simple message: at last, someone out there understands what im going through professionally each day. most ctos dont have others in their companies who can relate to the unique demands of their work.
4			flash	technology	film	content	multimedia	video	camera			flash video takes a front seat macromedia announced a new kit that simplifies the way professional developers add video to their web sites.
4			industry	electronics	dell	computer	philip	biotechnology	technology	patent	linux			dell gets $ 700m deal from royal philips dell inc. said thursday that it has won a $ 700 million, 5 year contract to provide computers and services for royal philips electronics.
4			computer	network	collaboration	technology	networking	ibm	research	computing	linux			ibm drives euro supercomputer grid european researchers can now use a new supercomputing network to help them in their work. we have just completed testing, said david henty with the edinburgh parallel computing centre, a member
1			election	politics	history	democracy	voting	debate			framing the electoral college the framers of the constitution may not have created the perfect system for electing a national executive, but the electoral college works. however, just as we still debate the virtue of a direct election today, so too did the framers at the constitutional convention in 1787. among the framers that spoke on the subject were james madison, alexander hamilton, james wilson, gouverneur morris, and charles pinckney. the latter three served on the committee responsible for discussing the powers of and the election of the national executive. what did they have to say about a direct election and how did they come to choose the electoral college instead?
4			computer	software	privacy	technology	internet	money			software can make your day now you can project different images of yourself on the mobile phone, depending on who's calling.
1			politics	america	election	democracy	bush	washington	terrorism	money			bush plucks bodyguard to safety president george w bush may have boosted his can do image when he came to the rescue of one of his bodyguards at an international summit in chile.
3			revenue	technology	company	stock	growth	profit	money	earnings	industry			lucent says earnings more than triple lucent technologies inc. lu.n: quote, profile, research , among the world 's largest makers of telecommunications equipment, on wednesday said its fourth quarter earnings
2			hotel	australia	tourism	sport	finance	leisure	gambling	competition			woolworths increases australian leisure takeover bid woolworths ltd., australia 's biggest grocer, increased its offer for australian leisure hospitality group to a $ 1.2 billion $ 877 million to stop rival bidder coles myer ltd.
1			politics	diplomacy	history	war	europe	france	warfare	conflict	terrorism			the highs and lows of the entente cordiale when britain and france signed the entente cordiale 100 years ago they hoped it would bring to an end centuries of conflict, from the territorial battles of the middle ages to colonial disputes of the nineteenth century.
4			manufacturing	technology	company	growth	energy	innovation	oil	globalization	industry			markets skirt crude oil hikes despite the price of oil settling above $ 50 a barrel for the first time, wall street yesterday celebrated new data showing the nation 's manufacturing sector expand again last month.
2			coaching	baseball	scouting	espn	basketball	sport	nfl	football	coach			coaches share mutual respect new england patriots coach bill belichick has won two of the past three super bowls, but he may be the only coach in the nfl who has motivated his team by employing boston celtics great bill russell and cartoon characters.
3			acquisition	ceo	business	technology	company	strategy	analytics	industry			bearingpoint leader plans shake up analysts speculate that company is a possible target to be acquired and that big operational changes are in store for the 16,557 person technology consulting firm.
4			computer	technology	microsoft	photography	media			photos from macexpo 2004 with over 100 exhibitors including apple, adobe, bose, epson, hp, microsoft, quark and sony and more than 20,000 visitors expected during the three day event this year 's london macexpo is shaping up as the biggest and best ever staged. nov 18
2			baseball	sport	nfl	football	quarterback			steadfast patriots cling to nfl winning record every week the new england patriots seem to offer their fatalistic following some reason to despair we don 't have any wide receivers!
4			network	connectivity	ethernet	mobility	technology	broadband	wireless	telecommunication	networking			lucent turns on hsdpa upgrade lucent technologies has released a software upgrade for its wireless equipment that will allow operators to support high speed data packet access hsdpa connections in 3g networks.
1			politics	election	controversy	israel	violence	democracy	immigration	censorship	terrorism			thousands protest gaza evacuation plan tens of thousands of jewish settlers and their backers demonstrated in jerusalem on sunday against prime minister ariel sharon's plan to evacuate all settlements from gaza and four west bank enclaves in a rally held against a backdrop of assassination threats and warnings of civil war. the withdrawal plan has upset the israeli political scene since it was announced last year, turning sharon's backers into opponents and detractors into supporters...
2			baseball	sport	boston	football			playoff fever hits some on the job executives around boston ended business meetings with a handshake and a cheer of ''go sox yesterday, turned office televisions from cnn to baseball, and left the office early to catch the team's first playoff game against the anaheim angels, which the sox won 9 3. the weekday afternoon matchup, which started around 4 p.m., sparked workplace debates across massachusetts, as some ...
4			demand	space	capacity	technology	storage	energy	availability	logistics	security			it managers still hungry for storage the worldwide demand for storage capacity continues to accelerate rapidly, with the latest research from analyst idc showing a 41.
3			income	revenue	trend	sale	performance	finance	profit	money	industry			update 2 tyco posts profit, outlook misses expectations tyco international ltd. tyc.n: quote, profile, research on monday reported a quarterly profit, helped by strong demand for electronic parts and the absence of costly write downs
4			ceo	technology	company	innovation	patent			essbase 7x brings interactive bi to bpm for some 30 years, companies have envisioned arming executives with sets of diverse tools to easily define business objectives and view their ongoing progress. companies pursuing this vision, now commonly known as bpm, can cobble together homemade solutions or lean on a single vendor, such as hyperion, which has strengthened a key building block of its overall bpm solution.
4			network	mobility	privacy	wireless	technology	broadband	telecommunication	networking			cingular plans to upgrade high speed data network cingular wireless, the largest us cellphone service provider, has announced plans to upgrade its high speed data network, allowing faster downloads than are now available on many home broadband connections.
4			mobile	game	gaming	technology	entertainment	gambling	money	phone	industry			mobile phone gaming set to boom video game and mobile phone companies are set to rake in the cash this year as customers use phones to zap space invaders or sink game winning golf putts, pushing the mobile gaming market over us $ 1 billion nz $ 1.
4			business	manufacturing	technology	strategy	innovation	competition	efficiency	industry			stanley furniture gets comfortable the wood furniture maker uses a niche strategy to work around industry problems.
4			cyber	computer	hacking	privacy	technology	terrorism	security			us cybersecurity chief abruptly resigns the government 's cybersecurity chief has abruptly resigned after one year with the department of homeland security, confiding to industry colleagues his frustration over what he considers a lack of attention paid to computer security issues within the
1			politics	america	election	life	television	strategy	tv	money			bush and kerry get ready for last tv duel jobs, health care and other concerns of daily life will likely be focal points as president bush and challenger john kerry meet wednesday for their third and final debate...
2			baseball	statistics	espn	basketball	sport	football	time	stats			paterno second guessing field goal penn state coach joe paterno has had his share of second guessers of late. and after a 21 10 loss to ohio state, he added his name to the list.
4			computer	pc	business	china	technology	ibm	pcs	security	linux			putting the pc in the prc ibm may need to do some creative deal making in order to sell pc business to china 's lenovo. by robert cyran, breakingviews. london breakingviews it 's no surprise ibm is in talks to sell its pc business
4			network	ethernet	technology	ip	internet	cisco	telecommunication	networking	switch			fujitsu, cisco team up to provide ip network products in japan japan 's fujitsu and cisco systems of the us said they have agreed to form a strategic alliance focusing on routers and switches that will enable businesses to build advanced internet protocol ip networks.
4			cooperation	connectivity	collaboration	convergence	integration	partnership	networking			collaboration platform extends to web services cordys, inc. of scotland, an integration and collaboration software vendor, announced today the availability of a new web services platform.
4			security	computer	business	management	privacy	storage	technology	networking	space			big blue veteran heads to emc jeffrey nick will become emc's chief technology officer, an addition that analysts laud as a big win for the storage company.
1			politics	election	sport	race	football	religion	republican	money	bobby			shriver opens campaign hq bobby shriver kicked off his campaign for a seat on the santa monica city council sunday at the opening of his campaign headquarters at 3004 santa monica boulevard.
4			revenue	sale	server	technology	performance	analytics	competition	security	linux			gartner sees solid server sales global revenue from server sales climbed to $ 11.5 billion in the second quarter, according to new data from gartner. this represents a 7.7 percent revenue increase over the same period last year, the market researcher said wednesday.
3			income	business	revenue	sale	profit	finance	money			palmone posts profit on revenue jump palmone inc. on monday swung to a quarterly profit from a year earlier loss on a 62 percent jump in revenue, spurred by solid sales of its treo 600 mobile phone and other handheld digital devices.
4			privacy	technology	broadband	ip	internet	telecommunication	email			sbc, yahoo! extend pact to offer service sbc communications inc. and yahoo! inc. are expanding their partnership in high speed internet access to make news, entertainment and other services available not just on computers but also on cell phones, televisions and other devices.
4			network	broadband	technology	internet	communication	fcc	telecommunication	networking	patent			fcc to act on fiber optic networks the federal communications commission is planning to approve a proposal to give the major telephone companies more leeway in the design of new fiber optic networks, sparing them from the regulation that governs traditional phone lines.
2			baseball	history	olympics	volleyball	athletics	sport	basketball	football	pride			u.s. men's basketball team takes bronze medal the u.s. men's basketball team salvaged some pride saturday, beating lithuania 104 96 to take the olympic bronze medal.
2			match	soccer	sport	islam	football	bangladesh	fifa	woman			soccer: women 's event draws protests dhaka, bangladesh the organizers of bangladesh 's first women 's tournament on wednesday said play would continue, despite protests by a muslim group that termed the event indecent and against islamic norms.
4			housing	computer	city	california	technology	broadband	internet	computing	linux			san francisco to expand wi fi program the mayor says san francisco plans to rapidly expand its free wireless internet access program and will soon make free computers available at housing projects and community centers.
3			gm	business	ceo	retirement	mr	management	marketing	bankruptcy	money	retail			wal mart vice chairman coughlin to retire wal mart stores inc. on monday said tom coughlin will retire as vice chairman after 25 years with the world's largest retailer.
2			cycling	retirement	race	sport	football	rowing	swimming	surfing	racing			cracknell to take a year out james cracknell, the double olympic gold medal winning rower, confirmed today that he will take a year 's break the sport before deciding his long term future.
4			science	dust	technology	robot	research			dust makes mesh of wireless sensors com september 20, 2004, 4:03 pm pt. technology that can let walls, remote cameras or electricity meters relay information wirelessly to computers took a step forward with the first product release from dust networks.
3			business	technology	economics	growth	finance	bankruptcy	risk	money	industry			novellus posts profit, plans cost cuts novellus systems inc. , a maker of semiconductor production equipment, on wednesday warned of a sharp business decline in the current quarter that some analysts fear could turn into a long term slump.
4			replacement	improvement	graphic	issue	hardware	technology	repair	display			apple posts details on 15 inch powerbook g4 display repair ... apple has finally formally addressed a well known display problem with the 15 inch powerbook. the 15 inch powerbook g4 display repair extension program offers replacement
3			company	performance	cost	finance	firm	competition	efficiency			pwc: firms see mixed results in outsourcing survey of u.s. and european companies finds that less than half consider outsourcing financial functions to be cost effective.
3			insurance	liquidation	business	debt	finance	bankruptcy	competition	money			update 1 huffy files for chapter 11 huffy corp. quote, profile, research said on wednesday it has filed for chapter 11 bankruptcy as the bicycle and sporting goods company struggles with mounting losses and a heavy debt load.
3			corp	business	technology	company	growth	ft	corporation	inc	industry			at cuts 7,400 jobs, asset value by $ 11b at corp. is cutting 7,400 more jobs and slashing the book value of its assets by $ 11.4 billion, drastic moves prompted by the company 's plan to retreat from the traditional consumer telephone business following a lost court battle.
3			job	employee	saving	business	operation	restructuring	bank	profit	money	banking			bank of america to cut 4,500 more jobs the bank of america corporation said yesterday that it would cut an additional 4,500 jobs from its ranks, beginning this month, as it simplifies operations.
2			boxing	baseball	olympics	basketball	athletics	sport	race	football	athlete			athletics: champion of champions hee sham! hee sham! hee sham! they called, pressing flesh against the chest high fence that separates the champions from the hordes in the belly of the olympic stadium.
2			coaching	baseball	safety	retirement	sport	football	time	quarterback			finally, time to rest with several starters sidelined recently and others playing with injuries, redskins coach joe gibbs says the bye is coming at an ideal time.
2			rating	baseball	statistics	television	ranking	espn	basketball	sport	football	coach			sportsview: which are the best two teams? southern california is no. 1 in the polls and the bcs standings. the computers prefer oklahoma. auburn's victories over georgia and tennessee might be the season's two most impressive performances. the trojans, sooners and tigers are all 11 0, but the bowl championship series can only accommodate two teams in its national title game.
3			statistics	government	business	manufacturing	service	finance	employment	industry			services sector index slips in september growth in the vast u.s. services sector slowed in september, with a significant decrease in prices paid but a solid employment component, according to an industry survey published on tuesday.
4			electronics	computer	engineering	technology	invention	innovation	design			editors' picks: what do you think of the imac's newest design? from the introduction of the first macintosh computer through to the release of the ipod, apple computer has earned a reputation for cutting edge industrial design. does the newest imac live up to that reputation?
4			windows	computer	mac	software	privacy	technology	microsoft	apple	security	linux			do not rule out lower priced apple imac analyst apple computer inc. could decide to sell a lower priced of its macintosh computer to attract consumers already enamored of its ipod music player and annoyed by security problems with windows pcs, piper jaffray analyst gene munster said on thursday.
1			election	america	politics	democracy	bush	washington	money			craigslist posting offers political fist fight wanted: one bush supporter but not for long walks on the beach, candle lit dinners or spooning on winter mornings. missing links
2			baseball	cheating	basketball	sport	football	gambling	money			bad timing for bibby firing if you weren 't convinced southern california athletic director mike garrett was clueless about basketball when he hired henry bibby, you probably should have gotten the message when garrett fired bibby on monday.
2			coaching	baseball	basketball	sport	race	football	competition	wrestling			orgeron introduced as football coach at ole miss ed orgeron 's recruiting success at southern california helped him land the job as mississippi 's football coach thursday. we are going to teach our young men to compete, orgeron said at a news conference.
3			business	investor	investing	marketing	company	growth	finance	africa	industry			common sense investing if the sun belt is where the growth is, then southern company is a place to be.
4			windows	xp	hardware	software	technology	microsoft	security	linux			microsoft's media center packs sticker shocker the software giant prices the software somewhere between windows xp home and windows xp pro, cnet has learned.
2			politics	baseball	basketball	sport	football			plymouth north stunts falmouth we had multiple fronts and multiple stunts off of those fronts, said plymouth north coach bill burkhead of his game plan for yesterday's matchup with undefeated falmouth. a stunned falmouth defense, which had given up only 12 points this season, was turned inside out by the tongue twisting offense as the blue eagles marched to a 21 8 victory and the atlantic ...
4			electronics	computer	mobility	usb	technology	storage	fashion	memory	computing			from storage, a new fashion the u.s.b. flash drive the portable memory device also known as a thumb or keychain drive has become both essential utility and fashion object.
2			lakers	baseball	hockey	espn	basketball	sport	football	nba	ucla			nate archibald hired as coach of jam nate archibald, a member of the basketball hall of fame and the nba 's 50th anniversary all time team, was hired as coach of the american basketball association champion long beach jam on tuesday.
4			recovery	data	software	storage	technology	bankruptcy	patent	security	linux			emc buys backup software vendor emc said it has purchased backup software vendor dantz development corp. for less than $ 50 million in a deal that it hopes will put it in a better position to sell data backup technology in the small to medium size business market.
1			politics	election	australia	democracy	religion	howard	marriage	money			business as usual for nz howard tells clark prime minister helen clark has congratulated australian prime minister john howard on his fourth straight election victory, and in the process has drawn some not so subtle parallels with her own prospects heading into next year 's election.
4			network	mobility	privacy	wireless	technology	telecommunication	patent	google			cingular wireless selling interactive unit cingular wireless plans to sell one of its older wireless data networks to a group of private investors for an undisclosed sum. the cell phone company said monday it will sell the unit the carrier of data for blackberry e mail devices, among other things to affiliates of new york private equity firm cerberus capital management lp...
2			coaching	baseball	statistics	basketball	athletics	sport	race	recruiting	football	coach			citing a lack of progress, notre dame fires willingham tyrone willingham, who was the first african american head coach at notre dame in any sport, compiled a record of 21 15 in three seasons.
1			politics	election	history	democracy	europe	germany	eu	reality			eu constitution nearer to reality dear readers, the formal signing of eus first constitution is a major step forward in the dream to put in place a unified europe, but the main task before the leaders now is how
2			coaching	baseball	scouting	basketball	sport	golf	football	detroit			packers scout 'red' cochran dies at 82 john red cochran, a scout and former nfl player and assistant coach who spent 42 years with the green bay packers, died at 82.
1			politics	discrimination	election	democracy	racism			anti gay eu commissioner should quit, says kinnock incoming eu commissioner rocco buttiglione should resign or be stripped of some of his powers, neil kinnock said today. mr buttiglione has thrown the new commission
4			computer	hardware	technology	machine	robot	ibm	computing			ibm's blue gene l goes on sale world's fastest supercomputer can now be yours for only $ 1.5 million. machine combines exotic and mainstream technology.
1			politics	election	congress	democracy	privacy	censorship	internet	terrorism	lobbying			congress blocks internet taxation legislation the bill to ban state and federal levies on all types of connections for three years now goes to bush. by mary dalrymple. washington congress acted friday to block state and local governments from taxing
1			politics	america	election	history	unity	war	democracy	peace	terrorism			sept. 11 dvds present nation in mourning one film provides a positive message of unity. another dramatizes the president's difficult days...
4			mobile	device	india	mobility	technology	smartphone	nokia	ios			o2 announces two new xda devices o2 has unveiled two new devices that aim to build on the success of the popular xda ii handheld mobile phone. o2 's new xda iis will be available in the uk and ireland on 1 november at a cost of around 449 inc.
1			election	politics	democrat	democracy	voting	race	republican	money			democrat may be leading in wash. race through all the counting and recounting in the closest governor's race in state history, republican dino rossi has held the slimmest of margins over democrat christine gregoire even picking up a few votes here and there as a tedious hand recount grinds on.
4			electronics	computer	chip	technology	semiconductor	patent	silicon	computing	industry			chipmakers advance transistor technology ibm quote, chart and amd quote, chart have devised a new silicon transistor technology they claim will boost the speeds of single and dual core chips.
4			industry	pc	computer	business	manufacturing	china	technology	pcs	linux			pc sales storm ahead south african pc demand looks set to keep pace with the good worldwide demand, with rand strength, product bundling
4			electronics	computer	privacy	technology	tech	innovation	security			a notebook with muscles to flex embracing a new gadget indubitably means parting with some hard earned dinero. but emachines, purchased by gateway inc. , is offering next generation technology at this generation prices.
4			computer	mac	chip	hardware	technology	apple	macintosh	intel			apple g5 chips in short supply apple may be facing greater difficulties than previously thought in sourcing chips to power its high end personal computers.
4			product	electronics	computer	battery	sale	technology	marketing	car	consumer	retail			sees electronics leading online sales consumer electronics should be the hottest online sellers this holiday, according to the head of the online unit of wal mart stores inc., the world's top retailer.
4			hacking	privacy	technology	broadband	bandwidth	internet	telecommunication	copyright	money			softbank sues japan government over 3g bandwidth plan japanese internet firm softbank corp. asked a court to block a government plan for distributing high speed bandwidth to mobile phone operators, saying it would bar new entrants until 2012.
3			job	computer	employee	manufacturing	software	company	ft	productivity	industry			computer associates to cut 800 jobs software maker computer associates on wednesday said it would cut 800 jobs, or 5 percent of its work force, in one of its biggest cost cutting efforts amid weaker demand and falling prices for software and services.
4			security	virus	computer	hacking	privacy	technology	encryption	terrorism	surveillance			majority of home computers infected with spyware majority of home computers infected with spyware dont ever let anybody tell you otherwise, the internet is not a safe place to take your computer systems without adequate protection. it wasnt too long ago that anti virus and firewall software could provide your systems with more than enough security to safely cruise ...
4			electronics	computer	electricity	television	sex	privacy	technology	power	tv			what's the story with flat panel tvs? q: i'm thinking of getting a plasma tv, but i've heard the image can burn into the screen. is this something i need to be concerned about?
3			business	ceo	sale	marketing	growth	profit	money	earnings			coles delivers record profit, positive outlook coles myer, three years into a five year turnaround journey, bettered its guidance with a record annual net profit of $ 576.5 million on wednesday and said it was well on the way to meeting its target of $ 800 million in fiscal 2006.
4			industry	computer	pc	manufacturing	trend	technology	apple	recession	linux			computer makers face slowdown, firm predicts three of the nation 's top 10 personal computer manufacturers will likely leave the market by 2007 because of slower growth and reduced profits in the industry, a research firm predicted monday.
4			mobile	network	telecom	microsoft	technology	nokia	telecommunication	phone	industry			nokia aims to attract operators, developers with preminet nokia corp. unveiled a system for hosting, delivering and charging for entertainment and application content for mobile phones, at the cellular telecommunications and internet association's ctia's wireless it and entertainment conference on monday in san francisco. with preminet, nokia is looking to carve itself a slice of mobile network operators' revenues.
2			boxing	doping	olympics	athletics	sport	race	scandal	athlete	cycling			sprinter kenteris completes fall from grace even by the capricious standards of modern day sport, costas kenteris fall from grace has been spectacular. thursday 's announcement of a criminal prosecution against the former olympic champion for obstructing
2			coaching	huskies	baseball	hockey	athletics	sport	football	connecticut			uconn accepts bid to motor city bowl connecticut is headed to the motor city bowl, the huskies first postseason as a division ia team. the huskies 7 4 will play the winner of thursday night 's mid american conference title game between toledo 8 3 and miami of ohio 8 3 .
4			cyber	hacking	network	privacy	technology	encryption	terrorism	risk	security			security firms merge to form cybertrust information security firms trusecure and betrusted are expected to merge today, creating cybertrust, one of the world 's largest privately owned security groups.
3			politics	business	nothing	greed	fraud	bankruptcy	wealth	money			a new legal chapter for a 90's flameout a lawsuit against gary winnick, the former chief of global crossing, refocuses attention on what mr. winnick knew about his company's finances as it imploded.
2			boxing	baseball	basketball	sport	football	payton			1 2 punch is a hit for colts edgerrin james on the ground. peyton manning through the air. the indianapolis colts made it look easy.
2			baseball	team	statistics	saint	sport	nfl	football	performance	quarterback	stats			nfl game summary kansas city at new orleans tight end tony gonzalez caught six passes for 71 yards for the chiefs, who have scored 38 points on their initial drive of the game this season...safety jay bellamy and fakhir brown each made nine tackles for the saints, whose last home win over kansas
4			computer	chip	hardware	intel	technology	semiconductor	silicon	linux			freescale shows off dual core power pc chip the firm spun out of motorola to sell semiconductors said it has started showing off a dual core processor based on the e600 architecture.
3			insurance	trade	sale	marketing	market	weather	profit	loss	competition	industry			poor weather hits unilever sales shares in unilever fall after the anglo dutch consumer goods giant issues a surprise profits warning.
4			computer	graphic	hardware	storage	technology	performance	networking	memory	security	linux			new treo 650 file system cuts storage capacity palmone plans to offer a free 128mb expansion card to treo 650 owners because a new file system used for the handheld actually offers less memory for data storage than was available on the older treo 600.
4			dell	hacking	hardware	software	privacy	technology	encryption	security	linux			dell to sell more security proofed business hardware new servgate hardware, starting at less than $ 1000, has integrated antivirus, spam filtering, and other security features.
1			politics	election	negotiation	speculation	takeover	money			manchester utd drop glazer talks manchester utd say they have ended talks with the glazer family regarding a possible takeover.
3			news	acquisition	ceo	management	investing	company	finance	strategy	money	merger			jc penney picks questrom successor news research said wednesday it hired a new chairman and chief executive, myron ullman. ullman, a former executive at lvmh moet hennessy louis vuitton lvmh:nasdaq news research , will succeed allen questrom.
1			election	america	controversy	history	politics	cheney	iraq	debate			main points from the us vice presidential debate main points from the vice presidential debate between republican dick cheney and democrat john edwards:
1			politics	america	violence	democracy	war	iraq	terrorism			rumsfeld says u.s. faces test of wills in iraq defense secretary donald rumsfeld, calling the iraq war a test of wills with insurgents, told iraqi security forces on sunday protecting their nation's sovereignty was their duty.
4			computer	privacy	technology	innovation	patent	money	email	ethics			blackberry disappointed in court research in motion lost part of the case on appeal, but it 's not over until it 's over. specifically, the patent infringement finding against the maker of the email device was upheld by the appeals court.
4			hacking	software	privacy	technology	microsoft	research	security	linux			mcafee profit growth offsets aol questions news research were up sharply friday on news that the antivirus software maker posted stronger than expected third quarter results and boosted revenue guidance for the fourth quarter.
4			computer	hardware	technology	nec	japan	machine	ibm	computing	linux			nec shoots to regain supercomputer title less than a month after ibm claimed the world 's fastest computer crown from nec, the japanese company announced it is trying to win it back with a new supercomputer that will be available at the end of the year.
3			news	business	speculation	sale	ownership	bankruptcy	money	selling	merger			pulitzer inc. says it 's considering sale newspaper publisher pulitzer inc. said sunday that company officials are considering a possible sale of the firm to boost shareholder value.
1			politics	election	war	democracy	violence	peace	conflict	strategy	spain			banned basque party calls for peace talks unveiled a plan to end the long running conflict in the region, saying it wants peace talks. demilitarising the 36 year old conflict and a referendum in the basque country on its future.
2			espn	nfl	football	tv	jet			jets starring in survivor with quincy carter filling in for the injured chad pennington, the jets season is far from over. just listen to the tv football experts.
2			baseball	espn	sport	football	monster	tv			fans to vote on candlestick park renaming san francisco 's iconic candlestick park, the home of the san francisco 49ers, was renamed monster park on tuesday in a $ us6 million deal with an electronics cable company.
2			history	retirement	sport	race	money			fitting return for stenson the forgotten henrik stenson, a largely forgotten swede who last won in 2001, was, in a contrary kind of way, a fitting winner of the heritage event over the duke 's course yesterday.
2			baseball	history	statistics	selection	basketball	sport	veteran	football	player			zeeland 's kaat to be considered for hall the zeeland native made the final ballot of 25 players to be considered by the veterans committee. the results will be announced march 2. kaat, who could not be reached for comment, won 283
2			controversy	baseball	espn	basketball	sport	race	economics	football	gambling	money			clarett accuses ohio state of n.c.a.a. violations maurice clarett's contentions in an espn the magazine article were dismissed by the ohio state athletic director as issues the university had already dealt with.
4			electronics	device	mobility	ipod	technology	nokia	apple	hp			hp ipod launches today the announcement will be made at a news conference led by company ceo carly fiorina in miami. the company will also unveil a range of products aimed at the consumer markets, including a 42 inch
4			ibm	application	business	microsoft	technology	enterprise	infrastructure	patent	industry			peoplesoft deepens ties with ibm the business applications maker will integrate its technology more closely with infrastructure software from big blue.
1			politics	hitler	meyer			irish botch chance to hire meyer doesn 't anyone watch the apprentice? the donald drove home the point thursday night that you never underestimate your enemy, and that 's precisely what notre dame did apparently assuming it could low ball meyer
1			politics	america	election	democrat	democracy	washington	terrorism	republican	trump			gop senators spring to defend rumsfeld the senate's top two republicans voiced support for donald rumsfeld on friday as allies of the defense secretary sought to outflank increasingly vocal gop critics in and out of congress.
3			statistics	manufacturing	production	price	sale	profit	money	industry			dofasco q3 up on higher prices, shipments dofasco inc. beat analysts expectations as it reported a big jump in its third quarter earnings monday. the hamilton, ontario, steelmaker reported a profit of $ 115 milllion, or $ 1.
4			pc	computer	privacy	technology	broadband	internet	pcs	linux			aol to sell cheap pcs to minorities and seniors america online on thursday said it plans to sell a low priced pc targeting low income and minority households who agree to sign up for a year of dialup internet service.
4			politics	business	india	biotechnology	technology	car	tech	money			mit grad delivers tech for health care vikram kumar is hardly your typical tech chief executive. he shares a two bedroom apartment with a sister and a nephew and gets around town by bicycle or in a 20 year old mercedes benz.
4			electronics	pc	television	price	technology	competition	consumer	pcs	retail	linux			hdtv competition could bring deals prices are likely to drop as more outlets, including pc vendors, get into the market.
2			boxing	marathon	espn	athletics	sport	athlete	swimming	arena	event			arena in the swim manchester was celebrating another huge sporting coup today after winning the right to hold the world short course swimming championships.
4			calling	technology	broadband	internet	telecommunication	networking	email			sbc to launch local internet based calling in 2005 sbc communications will introduce an internet based calling service for its local telephone customers early next year and will consider offering the service nationally later, the company said on tuesday.
4			computer	hacking	privacy	technology	cisco	networking	security	linux			for sale: cisco firewall source code a group that earlier this year offered for sale the source code of a popular intrusion detection system now is selling what it says is a copy of the source code for a recent version of cisco systems inc.
1			politics	election	democracy	europe	germany	austria	terrorism	referendum			german referendum on eu constitution unlikely but not impossible germany could hold a referendum to approve the european union 's new constitution if changes can be made to its own basic law in time for such a vote, a government spokesman said monday.
4			network	china	technology	telecom	company	telecommunication	bt	industry			alcatel spreading dsl wealth in china building on a longstanding relationship, alcatel quote, chart will help china telecom deploy 1.3 million dsl define lines, the latest in a slew of recent industry deals from emerging markets.
4			electronics	pc	computer	linux	technology	orion	pcs	computing	windows			orion launches desktop cluster workstations orion multisystems, a start up company based in santa clara, california, announced personal computers for researchers, scientists, and engineers yesterday.
3			insurance	business	construction	investing	technology	company	finance	bankruptcy	industry			bluelinx files $ 150 million initial public offering bluelinx holdings, an atlanta based distributor of building products, on thursday filed to raise up to $ 150 nillion in an initial public offering with underwriters goldman sachs, morgan stanley, cs first boston and lehman brothers.
4			electronics	philip	manufacturing	technology	innovation	semiconductor	silicon	security	industry			sees its semiconductor unit outperforming market in 05 philips electronics, the largest consumer electronics maker in europe, on tuesday cautioned it expects flat sales in its semiconductor business in the fourth quarter and is seeing ongoing margin pressure in consumer electronics.
4			computer	technology	evolution	power	cancer	sun	silicon	security	linux			sun unveils ultrasparc iv sun microsystems inc. on tuesday was set to announce its ultrasparc iv microprocessor, the last significant upgrade to the company 's processor line before it begins shipping the redesigned chips it calls
1			election	politics	israel	democracy	romania	race	russia			romanian exit polls predict dead heat exit polls from romanias presidential run off yesterday showed the race between the social democrat prime minister, adrian nastase, and the opposition leader, traian basescu, was too close to call.
2			coaching	baseball	statistics	retirement	basketball	sport	football	coach	memphis			grizzlies coach retires for health reasons hubie brown retired as coach of the memphis grizzlies on thursday due to health reasons.
4			australia	network	wireless	broadband	infrastructure	networking			vodafone australia to share 3g network with optus sydney, australiafollowing a similar announcement by rivals earlier this month, vodafone australia and optus said they agreed to share third generation network sites and infrastructure.
4			virus	computer	software	technology	encryption	finance	patent	email	security	linux			symantec will buy veritas for $ 13.5 billion in stock symantec corp., the world 's largest maker of anti virus programs for computers, agreed to buy veritas software corp. for $ 13.5 billion, the biggest software purchase in six years.
4			electronics	battery	computer	wired	privacy	technology	broadband	wireless	networking			the wi jack wi fi wall outlet it might cost you $ 25 to pick up a wireless access point at circuit city, but if you want to fool around with some enterprise level wifi you normally gotta shell out the big bucks for some commercial grade ceiling mounted gear.
2			baseball	basketball	sport	power	detroit	nba	hoop	money			other voices: detroit exposes fragile nba if the global marketing miracle known as the nba has finally come to face the fragile rapport it has with its core audience at home in the united states, let it be said that the palace of
4			network	networking	privacy	technology	encryption	sharing	security	linux			vmware aims to secure network sharing releases beta software to protect company networks used by outside contractors and telecommuters.
2			game	bid	olympic	olympics	city	athletics	sport	football	paris			paris favored to win 2012 olympics bid the five cities looking to host the 2012 summer games submitted bids to the international olympic committee on monday, entering the final stage of a long process in hopes of landing one of the biggest prizes in sports.
4			radio	wired	technology	wireless	power	seattle			the city that cut the cord sleepy spokane, wash., has a secret: it's the wireless hot spot of the future
2			boxing	baseball	hbo	espn	sport	tennis	wrestling	boxer			this weekend on tv, radio memphis at purdue, espn2 pro basketball 7:30 p.m. celtics vs. toronto at the fleetcenter, fsn, wwzn 1510 8 p.m. detroit at san antonio, espn 10:30 p.m. indiana at sacramento, espn boxing 9:30 p.m. friday night fights at atlantic city: rocky juarez vs. guty espadas jr. featherweights , espn2 golf 1:30 p.m...
3			politics	business	ceo	mr	option	greed	finance	strategy	money			merck to cut about 5,100 jobs by year 's end merck co., under siege because of lost revenues from its recalled blockbuster arthritis drug vioxx, will cut about 5,100 jobs by year 's end, more than originally planned, and will slash hundreds of millions of dollars in spending, chairman raymond v
2			coaching	baseball	college	ranking	athletics	sport	football	research	competition			practice makes credit according to a washington post survey, nearly three dozen of the 117 division i a universities award academic credit to varsity athletes for participating in intercollegiate sports.
2			marathon	olympics	running	athletics	sport	race	athlete	sprinter	cycling			olympics sprinters serve up greatest race on earth american sprinter justin gatlin won the closest olympic 100 meters in history as the fastest men on earth staged a sporting spectacle that thrilled the world.
4			science	computer	biotechnology	technology	robot	robotic	ai			mutating bots may save lives several research teams are developing robots made of smart building blocks that can morph into different forms to perform a broad variety of tasks. the bots are to be used in space missions and in search and rescue efforts. by lakshmi sandhana.
3			brand	ceo	trend	heinz	price	sale	marketing	profit	competition			heinz quarterly profit meets forecasts ketchup maker h.j. heinz co. on tuesday reported a 9 percent drop in quarterly profit after spinning off some brands, but demand for new items like ore ida extra crispy fries helped to boost sales.
2			vegas	baseball	game	magic	basketball	sport	twin	football			nuggets use twin powers to win for the first seven games, the much ballyhooed duo of carmelo anthony and kenyon martin looked more like a misfit. but not wednesday night, when the two perhaps gave
3			statistics	government	business	manufacturing	data	trend	economics	growth	productivity	industry			business inventories grew in july u.s. business inventories grew by more than expected in july and the previous month was revised higher, government data showed on wednesday, delivering the strongest two month performance in nearly five years.
1			election	politics	democrat	democracy	voting	immigration	voter	registration			new voters sign up in battleground states a look at efforts by the democrats and the republicans to register new voters in battleground states:
4			electronics	computer	chip	intel	biotechnology	technology	innovation	silicon			intel evolves chipmaking technology intel quote, chart has built a new chip with 500 million transistors using the latest advancements in nanotechnology, the company said monday.
4			electronics	computer	manufacturing	trend	privacy	technology	marketing	innovation	consumer	industry			pda sales continue slide shipments of personal digital assistants declined for the third consecutive quarter as large vendors continued ceding the depressed market to smaller electronics makers, researcher idc reported.
2			baseball	patriot	sport	boston	nfl	defense	football			patriots: how perfect are they? when an nfl team opens with a prolonged winning streak, former miami dolphins coach don shula and his players from the 17 0 team of 1972 root unabashedly for the next opponent.
4			authentication	product	application	network	privacy	technology	system	security			caymas introduces company and products caymas systems made its formal debut monday, releasing three identity driven access gateways designed for control of internal and external access to enterprise data and applications.
3			revenue	technology	marketing	company	profit	advertising	google	money			ad revenue boosts google profits internet search firm google sees third quarter profits more than double on the back of strong advertising revenues.
3			inflation	manufacturing	production	company	growth	energy	finance	competition	earnings	industry			nexen reports higher q3 earnings, cuts production forecast oil and gas company nexen inc. posted higher third quarter earnings on thursday, but also lowered its production target for the year.
1			politics	election	war	democracy	crisis	terrorism	haiti	venezuela			ex troops fill haiti's security vacuum nation remains volatile eight months after aristide's departure.
1			election	politics	bribery	democracy	cheating	voting	corruption	russia	ukraine			ukraine liberal vows street demos if cheated in poll the liberal challenger in a closely fought presidential election in ukraine threatened on friday to bring his supporters onto the streets if the authorities tried to deny him victory by cheating.
2			baseball	atlanta	espn	basketball	sport	football	texas	georgia			georgia tech headed to champs sports bowl georgia tech finally will play in a bowl that's not too far from home.
2			baseball	history	olympic	olympics	athletics	sport	football	religion	event			u.s. men qualify for final in shot put two u.s. men advanced to the final of the shot put wednesday, hoping to make even more history at the ancient site that gave birth to the olympics 2,780 years ago...
4			computer	technology	marketing	wallace	terrorism	security			from spam king to spy master? in what could prove to be one the great second acts in internet history, erstwhile king of spam sanford wallace takes center stage this week as exhibit a in a federal crackdown on invasive online advertising software.
4			electronics	failure	device	software	privacy	technology	defect	security			siemens 65 series defect could lead to hearing damage a defect in siemens 65 series mobile phones could lead to failures in audio transmission, the company warned. because of the software defect, when a phone call is cut off due to a low battery, the disconnection
4			electronics	computer	linux	gaming	privacy	technology	hp	patent	industry			hp set to launch latest push into consumer markets hewlett packard co. hpq.n on friday will unveil a range of products including its version of the ipod digital music player that raises the stakes in a war between pc and electronics makers for a spot in increasingly digitized living rooms.
3			business	oracle	strategy	bankruptcy	competition	money	security			oracle's peoplesoft bid deadline nears oracle corp.'s 24 a share hostile takeover bid for peoplesoft inc. heated up anew yesterday as tonight's deadline for stockholders to offer their shares for sale approached.
2			controversy	sport	gold	competition	money	pride			hamm judges self as worthy american gymnast paul hamm has a message for all his detractors: don 't disparage his gold. speaking at chelsea piers yesterday, hamm remained defiant against growing criticism over his controversial gold medal
4			windows	product	application	work	software	microsoft	productivity	tool	linux			microsoft updates home pc package the new version of works suite includes word 2002 plus updated editions of several other tools.
3			linux	business	technology	microsoft	company	nokia	finance	money	industry			earnings alert: nokia sees lower profit plus: adobe strong despite drop...linux demand lifts red hat profit...strong sales of phones, other gadgets boost palmone profit.
4			windows	computer	linux	privacy	technology	storage	networking	availability	security	server			are customers ready for sun 's utility vision? by dan farber special to zdnet november 16, 2004, 8:06 am pt. organizations are replacing aging servers with newer more powerful boxes, often linux based, and theyre also investing in storage.
4			glass	electronics	computer	technology	vision			electronic eye devised to help blind cross roads an electronic eye that can be fitted to a pair of glasses could help the blind cross roads more safely, scientists said on friday.
1			politics	election	war	democracy	violence	peace	ireland	hope	terrorism			irish pm says chance for northern ireland peace too good to miss the current push to secure peace in northern ireland is too good an opportunity to miss through petty political point scoring, irish prime minister bertie ahern said.
3			business	price	sale	marketing	commerce	shopping	advertising	retail	consumer	money			herbert haft redefined the rules of retail in the washington retail landscape, only a few signs of herbert h. haft's business empire remain. but his contribution to the way americans shop is felt every day by just about any consumer who buys a product at a discount.
4			privacy	technology	broadband	telecommunication	money	phone			vonage talks about 911 advancements does rhode island have the answer to a major problem facing the internet phone industry?
1			politics	intelligence	democracy	privacy	corruption	power	freedom	change	money			will more power for intelligence chief mean better results? congress is close to approving a broad intelligence overhaul, but the changes that will matter most still lie ahead.
1			politics	election	democracy	polling	syria	iran	poll	iraq	afghanistan			iraqi election date thrown into fresh doubt iraq 's elections were thrown into renewed doubt only days after the interim government won international backing for its decision to hold the poll at the end of january.
4			computer	software	privacy	technology	monopoly	licensing	copyright	patent			microsoft license to deal you back my patent, i'll back yours. that could be the software giant's motto in its quest for intellectual property.
4			computer	chip	intel	technology	apple	semiconductor	silicon	linux			intel shifts course on microprocessors chipmaking giant intel corporation believes that its future lies in dual core chips. speaking at last weeks intel developer forum here, intel president and coo paul otellini
2			olympic	olympics	sport	race	athlete	canada			web scribe ranks olympic last place losers for those who believe the adage all olympic athletes are winners, a canadian man has dedicated the past 10 days to proving you wrong.
1			election	politics	democrat	race	bush	mccain	republican	money			mccain to consider possible 2008 presidential run maverick us republican senator john mccain, who ran against president george w. bush four years ago, indicated he might be considering another presidential bid in 2008, despite the fact he will be 72 when the next election rolls around.
2			coaching	baseball	florida	miami	basketball	sport	football	player	coach			coker pleased players didn 't quit coral gables miami coach larry coker admits it took him a while to come down from friday night 's 16 10 overtime victory against florida state.
4			dell	computer	gaming	software	technology	car	networking	review			dell axim x50 and x50v pocket pc reviews roundup you cant get your hands on one quite yet they want to see how badly you really want it and so wont be shipping them out until the 18th , but tons of reviews of dells new axim x50 and x50v pocket pcs have started popping up, and as were known
2			usa	boxing	baseball	atlanta	espn	volleyball	basketball	sport	football	nba			puerto rico stuns dream team, 92 73 in an upset as historic as it was inevitable, tim duncan, allen iverson and the rest of the u.s. basketball team lost 92 73 to puerto rico on sunday, only the third olympic loss ever for america and its first since adding pros...
2			coaching	boxing	baseball	atlanta	espn	jazz	basketball	sport	heat	nba			heat defeat hawks 92 82 shaquille o'neal swatted away boris diaw's layup to preserve a 26 point lead, then waved into a nearby television camera the moment he landed on his feet. o'neal found a few ways to say hello to his new city monday night, dominating so much in the early going that he was able to sit out almost an entire half of a 92 82 victory over the atlanta hawks.
4			electronics	itunes	ipod	music	privacy	technology	phone			quicktime won't make quick time to cell phones apple's frank cassanova will talk about quicktime's stealth infiltration of cell phone networks, but not about a rumored wireless ipod.
2			coaching	baseball	injury	bear	safety	espn	sport	nfl	football			bears' urlacher sidelined with leg injury lake forest, ill. sports network chicago bears pro bowl linebacker brian urlacher is expected to be sidelined four to six weeks because of a lower left leg injury.
4			revenue	network	availability	broadband	technology	ip	patent	rs	industry			wi fi tops $ 1 billion quarterly revenues the worldwide market for wi fi network infrastructure and adapters surpassed $ 1.0 billion in quarterly revenues for the first time in the fourth quarter of 2003, according to market research firm in stat mdr.
3			investor	investment	investing	marketing	greed	growth	finance	wealth	money			more hunger at investor lunches jeff grass stands in front of 100 potential investors, pitching his alexandria based company, buysafe, a bonding service for people buying products through online retailers or auctions. he has eight minutes to wow the full house as most of those in the audience balance lunchboxes of turkey sandwiches, peaches and brownies from balducci's on their laps.
1			election	politics	controversy	democracy	voting	race	strategy	debate			spinning out clear winner even before debate begins both campaigns have exhorted their supporters to flood the media with messages declaring a winner in the debates, hoping to influence the post debate spin wars.
1			election	politics	democracy	egypt	parliament	iran	corruption	sudan	terrorism			egyptian petition seeks term limits more than 650 politicians and intellectuals vowed saturday to push for a constitutional amendment to stop egyptian president hosni mubarak from serving another term in office
3			insurance	business	investing	company	stock	market	finance	money	industry			stocks jump; insurers, home builders help us stocks surged on tuesday, as battered insurers rose on confidence a probe of the industry would end quickly, helping blue chips snap a 5 day streak of losses.
2			coaching	athletic	baseball	statistics	basketball	athletics	sport	football	education			athletics not worth the price big time college athletic departments who assert that their teams' success leads to increased alumni donations and a better applicant pool have created an arms race for athletic supremacy when funds could be better spent elsewhere on campus, according to a study by the knight foundation commission on intercollegiate athletics.
3			investor	china	investing	company	stock	market	finance	money	security			stocks open little changed u.s. stocks opened flat on friday as wall street pulled back after a big rally in the previous session, with shares of computer maker dell inc. higher after reporting strong earnings late on thursday.
4			electronics	sony	flash	software	technology	performance	innovation	design	color			sony shows off new low end digicam 300 cyber shot squeezes high end performance into its small package.
4			cluster	computer	linux	collaboration	software	technology	networking	computing	server			linux cluster firms attract new funding venture capitalists are lavishing money on the fashionable linux supercomputing concept but smaller firms face much larger rivals.
1			election	politics	israel	democracy	iraq	candidate	afghanistan	terrorism	party			clifford d. may: shouldn 't palestinians have a real election? in afghanistan, hamid karzai defeated a raft of candidates to win his historic election. in iraq, more than 200 political parties have registered for next month 's elections.
4			mobile	electronics	motorola	telecom	smartphone	nokia	technology	phone			ntt docomo rises on tse on reported deal with motorola tokyo, aug. 23 jiji press ntt docomo firmed on the tokyo stock exchange monday morning following a media report that it will start procuring mobile phone handsets made by motorola inc.
2			espn	sport	football	tv	brett			oates: favre delivers on hype it was clear from the non stop brett favre hype that aired on abc and its little brother, espn, all weekend the television network had pulled some strings with the nfl to get favre 's 200th consecutive start on abc 's monday night football.
3			business	technology	company	google	money			google, now much wealthier, enters new phase google inc. goog will have plenty to celebrate at its annual company summer picnic friday its debut as a public company gave it an immediate cash infusion of $ 1.16 billion, not to mention all the millionaires it made of employees and insiders.
2			politics	olympic	sport	athlete	swimming			don 't do the math in the hamm controversy if everybody always agreed with me, there wouldn 't be any sense in writing a column. so in the true olympic spirit, it 's your turn.
3			trend	sale	marketing	market	performance	growth	profit	innovation	competition			unilever admits to weak results as sales fall unilever, the consumer goods group, revealed yesterday that its sales dropped 4 in the past three months, a performance it called unacceptably weak .
2			baseball	statistics	schedule	espn	conference	sport	football	playoff	scheduling	division			emass playoff schedule the divisional playoff games for determining the super bowl participants will be played on tuesday, nov. 30. all games will be played on artifical turf. the exact matchups and sites will be announced the day after thanksgiving. the emass super bowls will be held on dec. 3 4.
4			computer	hacking	safety	privacy	technology	encryption	pcs	security			google's new pc search tool poses risks people who use public or workplace computers for e mail, instant messaging and web searching have a new security risk to worry about: google's free new tool that indexes a pc's contents for quickly locating data.
4			device	network	connectivity	ethernet	wireless	networking	intel	security	linux			intel unveils tri mode wi fi chip centrino update supports 802.11 a, b, and g wireless, and offers improved security.
1			election	economy	politics	democracy	unemployment	economics	strategy	finance	money			economy hurdle looms large for latham prime minister john howard has called an election he cannot confidently predict he will win. but he is a political veteran and has calculated that the six week campaign is more likely to serve
4			technology	marketing	evolution	strategy	advertising	seo			behavioral targeting and contextual advertising behavioral targeting and contextual advertising is online advertising undergoing a rebirth ? some might argue it is, first spurred on by paid search advertising then by contextual and adware placements. now there is another new game in town, if the buzz o meter is any indication. while not altogether new, behavioral advertising is getting ...
4			science	technology	evolution	invention	innovation	patent	idea			turning invention into innovation technological inventions are not going to have the same kind of transformative value that they did in the past.
4			australia	manufacturing	production	technology	innovation	research	cancer	industry			interview: australia 's cochlear to ramp up output 2 sydney dow jones australian ear implant maker cochlear ltd. said monday it has moved quickly to lift production to meet increased demand from doctors following
2			coaching	baseball	scouting	espn	basketball	sport	recruiting	football	stats			vikings likely lose rosenthal for year minnesota vikings right tackle mike rosenthal is likely out for the season with an injury to his right foot.
2			basketball	volleyball	sport	football	athlete	swimming	surfing	competition	woman			event of the day women 's beach volleyball why you should watch: the athletes are impossibly tanned and fit, the setting couldn 't be more beautiful and the competition will be fierce.
2			baseball	statistics	hockey	volleyball	soccer	sport	football	canada			worldstars play strong defensive game in 5 1 victory over hv 71 ray whitney scored and assisted on alexandre daigle 's goal as the worldstars played a strong defensive game in a 5 1 victory over hv 71 on friday.
2			baseball	soccer	athletics	sport	volleyball	basketball	recruiting	football	virginia			cavs fall short again virginia's men's soccer team loses to visiting duke, 3 0, on saturday and fails to make the ncaa semifinals for the eighth time in nine years.
4			computer	graphic	linux	hardware	technology	ibm	silicon	computing	color			ibm claims fastest supercomputer title for now new silicon graphics machine has a chance at giving big blue a run for the title.
4			virus	technology	vulnerability	attack	security	linux			news: cabir added to payload of symbian mobile trojan virus writers have packaged the skulls mobile trojan with cabir to create a more potent threat against symbian series 60 smart phones.
2			nintendo	game	sport	football	competition			nfl game tackles competition madden nfl 2005 sells more than 1.3 million copies in its first week. also: viacom considers buying midway games hellip;. china mobile sanctions go2joy mobile messaging unit hellip;. and more.
4			politics	cable	television	network	privacy	technology	broadband	internet	telecommunication	networking			broadband duopoly calms cable, telecom battles the long promised battle between u.s. cable and telephone companies has so far been more of an uneasy peace. thanks to their duopoly over broadband internet access, it may stay that way.
4			windows	computer	game	gaming	hardware	software	technology	microsoft	linux			edward c. baig: personal tech microsoft makes multitasking entertaining on tuesday at los angeles' shrine auditorium, bill gates showcased the third iteration of the couch potato software that fuels windows xp media center edition 2005, mce 2005 for short. it's the version gates insists will lift these entertainment oriented and often pricey machines into the mainstream.
2			coaching	baseball	soccer	sport	technology	football	turf	color			from turf to team, boise state takes unconventional approach as boise state has proved in finishing its regular season 11 0, its program has transcended a quirky marketing gimmick: the installation of its blue turf.
3			business	buying	sale	marketing	greed	money	selling			selling your small business? broker can smooth the way so you've decided to sell your small company. you figure that all you have to do is put an ad in a newspaper or trade publication and you'll have a buyer in no time.
4			computer	intel	technology	evolution	power	speed	sun	silicon	computing	linux			sun micro, ut austin, team up on supercomputer sun microsystems inc. sunw.o: quote, profile, research and the university of texas at austin are set to flip the switch on friday on a unique supercomputer that will vastly speed
4			radio	wired	network	telecom	technology	broadband	wireless	communication	telecommunication			wireless abounds; the focus now is on improving it nextel was the big story in telecommunications yesterday, thanks to the reston company's mega merger with sprint, but the future of wireless may be percolating in dozens of washington area start ups.
3			insurance	business	investor	investing	growth	finance	bankruptcy	money			jones apparel: does barney 's mean trouble? but investors haven 't been doing the same. yesterday, shares of jones fell approximately 3 following the announcement
4			electronics	computer	privacy	car	technology	kid	math	teenager			new pc is created just for teenagers this isn't your typical, humdrum, slate colored computer. not only is the pc known as the hip e almost all white, but its screen and keyboard are framed in fuzzy pink fur. or a leopard skin design. or a graffiti themed pattern.
4			mobile	network	mobility	privacy	technology	broadband	wireless	telecommunication	carrier	number			wireless carriers cut portability fees verizon wireless and sprint nyse: fon are giving their customers a break, cutting their fees for number portability, which the carriers have charged all customers to meet the costs of enabling wireless users to keep their phone numbers when they switch service providers.
4			computer	hacking	network	privacy	wireless	broadband	technology	internet	networking			wimax could be next big leap in technology when scott richards is at his home in portland, ore., he taps into the internet using a broadband connection from his office about five miles away.
3			business	manufacturing	ceo	technology	bell	shareholder	company	corporation	industry			after bell: synopsys falls, caci gains shares of synopsys inc. tumbled on wednesday after the semiconductor design software maker reported lower third quarter net income and said fourth quarter earnings and revenues would be below wall street estimates.
1			politics	britain	election	violence	democracy	war	warfare	iraq	afghanistan	terrorism			blair faces vote amidst hostage crisis the anguish of hostage kenneth bigley in iraq hangs over prime minister tony blair today as he faces the twin test of a local election and a debate by his labour party about the divisive war.
4			science	nano	safety	manufacturing	material	biotechnology	technology	innovation			epa backs nanomaterial safety research the environmental protection agency has awarded $ 4 million in grants to study the health and environmental risks posed by manufactured nanomaterials the new and invisibly tiny materials that
1			politics	election	transparency	finance	money			calpers battle on corporate governance may only just be ... the ousting of fund president sean harrigan from americas largest pension fund has been viewed by many as the first republican victory in a battle to undermine the influence of pension funds like calpers on corporate governance issues.
4			industry	electronics	pc	computer	privacy	technology	consumer	pcs	linux			idc sees mixed future in worldwide pc market consumers are easing off on pc purchases as corporations ramp up their purchases, according to the latest data from market researcher idc. slackening consumer demand will help lower expectations for the market in the second half of 2004 and into 2005, idc said monday.
4			lan	network	connectivity	ethernet	broadband	technology	wireless	networking	linux			broadcom lan boosts wi fi range broadcom has rolled out a line of local area network lan chipsets it says can boost the range of existing wi fi networks by as much as 50 percent.
2			baseball	statistics	doping	espn	athletics	sport	athlete	drug	gambling	tennis			mlb stars facing tough drugs tests baseball 's stars could face more tests for drugs such as steroids next season after giving their lawyers the green light to reach an agreement with owners over a tougher anti doping regime.
4			television	programming	software	technology	microsoft	advertising	tv	windows			microsoft 's latest plan for tv television has been something of a great white whale for microsoft. the company has tried to sell webtv and build software for tvs and cable boxes.
4			electronics	dell	pc	computer	hardware	technology	hp	pcs	linux			dell introduces new compact desktop pc it's the first dell pc to feature a multiformat expansion card reader.
4			safety	privacy	wireless	encryption	technology	communication	networking	security			news: uk scientists roll out wi fi proof wallpaper british boffins have developed wallpaper that blocks wi fi traffic but still allows other wireless transmissions to pass through in a bid to prevent unauthorised access to sensitive data via the wlan.
4			politics	trend	technology	economics	tech	finance	energy	money	industry			technology, energy lead decline us stocks dropped as comments from technology companies such as cisco systems, hewlett packard and intel failed to revive a rally that stalled after the standard poor 's 500 stock index set a three year high last week.
2			baseball	patriot	sport	boston	nfl	football	seattle			patriots not getting ahead of themselves its become a familiar mantra: one game at a time. one week at a time. one game at a time . . todays 1 pm game against the seattle seahawks at gillette
2			coaching	baseball	chicago	michigan	basketball	espn	sport	illinois	recruiting	football			illinois to name zook its new coach former florida coach ron zook will be named illinois 22nd head coach today, sources said monday. zook, a former miami university defensive back, will replace ron turner, who was fired nov. 22 after the team went 3 8.
4			linux	software	technology	microsoft	pricing	availability	reliability	security	windows			red hat 's ceo is sold on netscape buy red hat is acquiring security and authentication tools from netscape security solutions to bolster its software arsenal. red hat 's ceo and chairman matthew szulik spoke about the future strategy of the linux supplier.
4			science	statistics	quote	technology	patent	research	money	industry			before the bell nastech soars 23 pct shares of nastech pharmaceutical co. inc. nstk.o: quote, profile, research jumped 23 percent before the bell on monday after the company said it tied up with merck co.
2			politics	baseball	hockey	business	retirement	sport	golf	football	money			report: former captain might keep playing former carolina hurricanes captain ron francis has turned down the team 's offer of a front office job, according to a raleigh, nc news observer report tuesday.
3			job	waste	safety	business	technology	power	energy	money	industry			plexus to close seattle area plant; will cut 160 jobs neenah based plexus corp. plans to close a seattle area plant, resulting in the layoff of about 160 employees, in an effort to save about $ 2 million a year, the company said wednesday.
4			virus	computer	hacking	software	worm	technology	security	linux			hp creating software to limit virus damage san francisco engineers at hewlett packard are working on what they call virus throttling software that could slow the spread of viruses and worms, possibly limiting the destruction that hackers inflict on millions of computers each year.
1			election	politics	race	unemployment	corruption	finance	money	leadership	politician			brown rules out pre poll splurge there will be no pre election cash giveaway, says gordon brown as he suggests he still wants to be premier.
4			science	biotechnology	technology	cancer	money	funding			catching the nano wave cnet 's charles cooper says getting funding for the nanotechnology manhattan project is the right idea. but is anybody listening?
2			aces	australia	england	match	rugby	sport	football	cricket			england clinch sevens title england tonight won their first ever emirates airline dubai sevens title by beating a fiery fijian side 26 21 in a pulsating final.
2			coaching	baseball	injury	statistics	retirement	athletics	sport	nfl	football			pats' branch to miss sixth straight game new england patriots wide receiver deion branch will miss his sixth straight game because of a knee injury.
4			electronics	computer	itunes	ipod	music	technology	innovation	apple			review: apple's new imac g5 short on extras for six years, imacs have set the standard for the pc industry with eye popping designs, clever utilization of space and leaps forward in usability. lately, though, apple computer inc. aapl seems to be making more waves with ipod music players than its venerable consumer pcs.
3			income	trend	sale	marketing	ft	profit	money	earnings			yum profit up, raises view yum brands inc. yum.n: quote, profile, research on tuesday said quarterly earnings rose 13 percent and raised its profit forecast for the year as strong sales at its fast food chains helped offset a run up in commodity costs.
4			electronics	computer	hardware	software	technology	performance	innovation	design	linux			first look: oqo handheld pc fails to excite design and performance issues hold back this very cool idea.
3			ceo	investing	technology	company	growth	finance	patent	competition	money	industry			ge meets 3q, ups guidance general electric posted relatively flat third quarter earnings friday on improved revenue, as the diversified conglomerate met wall street profit expectations and edged future guidance higher.
4			electronics	device	manufacturing	chip	technology	performance	manufacturer	semiconductor	silicon	industry			chip trade body revises 2004 sales downward the semiconductor industry association sia yesterday scaled back its forecast for this year 's semiconductor sales, after demand slowed though july, august and september.
2			olympics	athletics	sport	race	football	athlete	blazers	cycling			more blazers than tracksuits at games if you picture an olympic team as athletes in tracksuits with a few blazer clad types in the background to look after them, it is time for a radical rethink.
3			trading	share	investor	speculation	investing	company	stock	finance	security			stocks rise on sprint nextel merger talk u.s. stocks ended higher on thursday as investors hoping for a year end rally bought shares.
1			election	politics	democrat	democracy	race	voter	washington	republican	money			washington dems get out the vote the governor's race is still undecided in washington state, and democratic party volunteers are frantically calling voters with disputed provisional ballots after a judge orders officials to release the names. republicans are miffed.
3			business	technology	microsoft	procurement	hr	logistics	industry			oracle provides details on e business suite release version 11i.10 will focus on industry specific capabilities and will add new software for procurement management. by laurie sullivan.
4			mobile	electronics	radio	device	music	wireless	technology	astronomy			handheld satellite radio receiver is unveiled xm satellite radio and radio manufacturer delphi tuesday introduced the delphi xm myfi, the latest entry in the battle over digital music, pitting xm against sirius satellite radio and on line music sources like napster.
4			product	computer	business	software	privacy	technology	marketing	system	strategy	security			a second act for siebel systems? siebel chief mike lawrie pledges better customer service, spotlights focus on a la carte software.
4			computer	application	array	computing	data	technology	storage	database	ibm	security			ibm supersizes storage arrays ibm this week is expected to debut its highest capacity storage arrays, although the products' real differentiator is a mix of management technologies designed to help customers get a better handle on where to store growing volumes of data.
2			baseball	nascar	television	espn	sport	car	football	tv			truck delivers action the tv timeout is one of the banes of a sports fan's life. you're at a stadium, the game is rolling along . . until everything just stops for 1 1 2 2 1 2 minutes.
2			baseball	homecoming	scouting	freshman	college	basketball	sport	race	football			espn: fiesta bowl turning point for freshman clarett in the week leading up to the 2003 fiesta bowl, maurice clarett was denied the chance to attend a friends funeral in youngstown.
4			glass	electronics	computer	technology	vision			electronic eye devised to help blind cross roads an electronic eye that can be fitted to a pair of glasses could help the blind cross roads more safely, scientists said on friday.
2			boxing	baseball	hockey	espn	basketball	sport	seattle	washington	nba	toronto			nba roundup sonics top toronto to win 9th straight rashard lewis scored 27 points and ray allen had 24 last night to lead the seattle supersonics to their ninth straight victory, 101 94 over the host toronto raptors.
4			developer	business	acquisition	collaboration	software	technology	integration	development	ibm			ibm exec outlines peoplesoft deal q a: the development alliance will give both companies a broader reach in the marketplace, with the first offerings coming in early 2005, says buell duncan, ibm's general manager of isv and developer relations.
4			network	privacy	technology	broadband	spectrum	telecommunication	patent	money			verizon wireless to buy nextwave licenses for $ 3 billion verizon wireless said today that it will pay $ 3 billion in cash for all the spectrum licenses owned by nextwave telecom to expand coverage for new subscribers.
2			baseball	history	statistics	soccer	basketball	sport	football	money			gayle scatters flock of seagulls another day, another duff game. at least it had a semblance of meaning, featuring a once mighty side lurching from one nightmare to another against an embryonic team who are marginally improving.
4			computer	linux	software	database	availability	computing	windows			ingres r3 open source database ships for linux, windows computer associates international plans to widen the field for open source alternatives to commercial databases with the general release of the ingres r3 database on the linux and windows platforms.
4			application	app	device	java	linux	technology	apps	windows			rp developers urged: write apps for future online devices with billions of devices going online, sun microsystems expects more opportunities to open up for developers and system integrators who can build new applications on top of these devices.
4			mobile	device	technology	smartphone	nokia	ios	phone			nokia to launch all in one phone mobile handset maker nokia today announced the nokia 9300, a new high end smartphone. dubbed by the company its smartest smartphone, with voice and data capabilities, the nokia 9300 is meant to be an all in one device for users.
4			computer	business	privacy	microsoft	nokia	technology	phone			nokia takes a smart shot it 's good to be good these days. good technology, that is. the private maker of a wireless email service that claims to be more agnostic than the popular blackberry service from
2			baseball	hockey	nhl	scouting	sport	football	player	detroit			players have fun in new 4 on 4 league when randy gumbley called rick dudley last month, the founder of the original stars hockey league asked the former nhl florida panthers general manager to be commissioner.
3			revenue	business	privacy	transparency	shareholder	finance	advertising	bankruptcy	accounting	money			red hat gets new cfo, will restate results red hat 's decision to change the way it accounts for subscription revenues is an accounting issue, says yankee group analyst dana gardner.
2			coaching	baseball	espn	volleyball	athletics	sport	california	basketball	recruiting	football			ncaa game summary san jose state at santa clara doron perkins scored a game high 18 points to lead the santa clara broncos to a 73 60 victory over the san jose state spartans in a non league affair.
4			electronics	computer	chip	intel	technology	power	semiconductor	silicon			intel prepares for next 20 years of chip making intel corp. pulled back the curtain friday on some of its future research projects to continue making transistors smaller, faster and less power hungry out as far as 2020.
3			income	revenue	depression	stock	growth	finance	profit	money	earnings			p posts higher profit, affirms outlook procter gamble co. pg.n: quote, profile, research on wednesday said quarterly profit rose 14 percent, boosted by demand for products like head shoulders shampoo and
4			privacy	technology	wireless	broadband	communication	fcc	telecommunication	networking	spectrum			verizon wont oppose new spectrum for nextel verizon wireless said it wont oppose the federal communications commissions decision to grant valuable wireless spectrum to nextel communications inc.
2			baseball	history	basketball	sport	music	race	football			zook 's swamp finale a romp gainesville he walked toward the tunnel one final time, his career within ben hill griffin stadium finished less than three years after it began.
3			business	recovery	investing	debt	loss	finance	bankruptcy	competition	money			mci reports $ 3.4b loss, but says it 's back on track mci inc. reported a $ 3.4 billion third quarter loss today, due mainly to a write off of the value of its assets, as the company 's efforts to recover from bankruptcy were
2			coaching	baseball	team	espn	basketball	athletics	football	attendance	playoff	win			brockton boosts win streak to six brockton, continuing to hush doubters following a difficult loss to xaverian in week 3, won its sixth in a row yesterday, tripping up visiting pinkerton academy n.h. , 39 10, at marciano stadium.
3			business	economics	sec	bank	finance	bankruptcy	accounting	money	banking	industry			business topics by industry gt;citigroup inc. was sued by a group of institutional investors who contend the bank defrauded them in selling $ 2.4 billion of notes linked to the creditworthiness of enron corp.
2			boxing	baseball	doping	olympics	athletics	sport	athlete	swimming	phelps			olympics: phelps in gold rush, doping scandals rumble on us teenager michael phelps powered his way to two more golds in the olympic swimming pool on tuesday, setting a new games record in the 200 meters butterfly and leading a 4 x 200 freestyle cliffhanger.
3			business	price	plc	shareholder	company	finance	money	consolidation	industry			diageo raises $ 2.26 bn through sale of general mills shares london, october 5 diageo plc has raised $ 2.26 billion 1.84 billion from the sale of more than half of its stake in the us based cereal maker, general mills inc.
1			election	politics	democracy	corruption	russia	ukraine	fraud	one			ukraine supreme court opens hearing into vote fraud charges as the court met on whether the election results should be nullified, there were two other significant developments.
4			mobile	electronics	radio	battery	device	wireless	technology	telecommunication	patent	industry			delphi, xm unveil handheld satellite radio receiver xm satellite radio and radio manufacturer delphi yesterday introduced the delphi xm myfi, a portable, handheld satellite radio receiver the companies hope will lure more consumers to a medium currently limited to car and home units.
4			industry	java	manufacturing	progress	software	technology	change	linux			crm software's glass slipper custom crm software developer is still growing at warp speed, although it may take a natural dip in 2005.
4			processor	chip	hardware	intel	technology	core	silicon			intel expands core concept for chips com december 17, 2004, 4:00 am pt. intel plans to come out with chips containing two processing cores next year, but that 's just the start.
4			electronics	television	network	technology	networking	tv	silicon			ti goes hollywood with tv chip for cell phones texas instruments reported thursday that it is developing a single chip for digital tv that will bring broadcast signals to cell phones.
4			science	vision	technology	health	research	cancer			discovery shines ray of hope on eye diseases human retinal stem cells can regenerate when implanted into the eyes of chicks and mice, says a university of toronto study. after being transplanted into the animals, the
3			oracle	business			oracle to acquire peoplesoft for $ 10.3 billion, ending bitter ... the oracle corporation announced early yesterday that it would acquire peoplesoft for $ 10.3 billion, ending a bitter takeover fight that had lasted more than 18 months.
4			mobile	network	technology	telecom	telecommunication	time	competition			nortel restatements delayed to november nortel networks corp. quote, profile, research , one of the world 's largest makers of telecoms equipment, said on wednesday it would miss by about two weeks its end of october deadline
4			electronics	battery	computer	device	manufacturing	technology	innovation	competition	industry			big challenges for small drives miniature drives can continue their success in consumer devices but must get roomier, more rugged and more efficient, industry observers say.
3			business	loyalty	technology	marketing	finance	strategy	motivation	consumer			loyalty study zeroes in on tech stalwarts report suggests many giants of the industry have been able to capture lasting feelings of customer loyalty.
2			coaching	rugby	club	sport	football	transfer	relegation	money			petrov wants bhoys signed up celtic star stilian petrov has urged the parkhead board to hand a number of top players new contracts before they live to regret letting them go.
4			science	biotechnology	technology	technological	economics	energy	innovation	research			new study finds technology already exists to solve global warming a new study finds that technologies already exist to solve the problem of global warming. it says strategies employing these technologies over the next fifty years could put the brakes on rising levels of
3			job	australia	business	company	finance	advertising	competition	money	employment	industry			anz australia newspaper job ads 5.0 in oct vs sep sydney dow jones the number of job advertisements in australian newspapers rose 5.0 in october from september, and climbed 5.2 from a year earlier, australia new zealand banking group ltd.
4			electronics	bmw	manufacturing	mobility	technology	nokia	siemens	car	semiconductor	silicon			freescale wins 200 mln euro siemens supply deal freescale semiconductor inc. has won a long term contract worth more than 200 million euros $ 246 million to supply car components to siemens, the companies said on monday.
2			basketball	sport	philadelphia	football			compete against your friends, si experts and celebrities in this ... fans and pundits who are picking philadelphia as a super bowl contender may want to consider this: the eagles are one brian westbrook injury away from starting reno mahe at running back.
4			cable	network	telecom	technology	internet	broadband	telecommunication			at t strikes voip deals with cable company points potential net phone customers to cable giants for broadband all part of ma bell's aggressive voip plans.
4			plasma	graphic	technology	color	space	physics			matsushita to unveil world 's largest plasma display matsushita electric industrial co., ltd announced monday it will launch a 65 inch high definition plasma display on october 1. the latest model of the viera series will be the
4			mobile	mobility	technology	wireless	broadband	telecommunication	networking			ntt docomo's 4g research hits 1gbps ntt docomo, japan's biggest mobile communications carrier, achieved a 1gbpspacket transmission speed using fourth generation 4g mobile communication equipment on aug. 20, the company said friday.
3			politics	history	business	ghost	time	money			another indignity for 2 failed ghosts of dot com era and the webvan group, two of the dot com eras more spectacular flameouts, are late with their quarterly filings nearly three years late.
4			privacy	technology	company	finance	patent	google			google 's ipo delayed google inc. 's initial public offering has been delayed while the company awaits final approval of its paperwork by the securities and exchange commission.
3			job	agriculture	business	manufacturing	technology	innovation	factory	transportation	industry			producing for the region for the first time in years, manufacturing may be one of the best places to look for a job in northwest indiana. durable goods manufacturing and services will have the best job prospects in
4			computing	array	technology	storage	database	networking	tag	security			hds unveils tagmastore array hitachi data systems has unveiled its tagmastore universal storage system, a series of three arrays based on a switched architecture that can scale to 332tb of internal storage and manage up to 32 petabytes of external storage.
1			politics	america	election	democracy	economics	power	energy	debate	money			on the contrary energy answers, left unspoken f you re worried about the nation 's energy future, you can take heart in the positions of both major parties presidential candidates.
1			politics	election	torture	democracy	journalist	journalism	terrorism	murder			madelaine drohan the world press has had a field day ever since mark thatcher, the 51 year old son of former british prime minister margaret thatcher, was arrested in south africa for his alleged involvement in an attempted mercenary coup.
4			electronics	hardware	technology	performance	cancer	intel	security	linux			transmeta ships new chip with antivirus technology newest efficeon processor also offers higher frequency using less power.
4			electronics	blind	computer	eye	technology	vision			an 'electronic eye' for the blind japanese scientists have built an electronic eye they say could help blind people get around safely.
4			manufacturing	biotechnology	technology	company	tech	growth	patent	corporation	industry			two tech firms grow by acquisitions two local corporations, zoll medical corp. of chelmsford and viisage technology inc. of billerica, recently acquired companies in an effort to gain further market share in their respective industries.
4			ads	cable	technology	broadband	internet	telecommunication	time	speed			parsons: aol warns subscribers re broadband service an idea whose time has passed? america online told broadband subscribers in nine southern states to seek a new high speed carrier by jan. 17.
1			election	politics	australia	government	polling	parliament	poll	religion	media			new polls show australian government neck and neck with opposition two new polls showed australia's conservative government and labor opposition neck and neck after the first week of campaigning for the october 9 election.
4			computer	cable	privacy	technology	broadband	internet	telecommunication	money	speed			has your broadband had its fiber? alternative form of high speed internet access makes its way to u.s. homes.
4			processor	dell	intel	technology	hp	networking	semiconductor	silicon	linux			dell close to adopting amd chips dell president and ceo kevin rollins indicated that the company is actively considering including amd processors in its server roster in the foreseeable future.
2			coaching	baseball	florida	miami	sport	race	football	competition			slowing miami priority for uva virginia 's ambitious football team must neutralize miami 's speed today at scott stadium to stake its own claim to a berth among college football 's elite.
4			privacy	technology	communication	telecommunication	patent	competition	money			approval expected for big cellphone deal federal regulators will formally approve cingular wireless $ 41 billion purchase of at t wireless, according to company officials briefed on the matter.
4			politics	privacy	technology	tech	blog	innovation	google			which candidate is more tech friendly? partisan panel debates presidential candidates' stand on technology issues.
2			coaching	sport	football	ft	coach	quarterback			petrino named coach of the year; lefors and brohm also earn ... head coach bobby petrino, who has guided the university of louisville to a no. 7 national ranking, has been tabbed as the conference usa coach of the year, while senior quarterback stefan
4			network	wireless	technology	telecommunication	competition			verizon to buy nextwave licenses for $ 3 billion verizon wireless said on thursday that it had signed an agreement with nextwave telecom inc. to purchase all of its airwave licenses for $ 3 billion.
4			radio	network	music	technology	wireless	internet	telecommunication	media			qualcomm to build national wireless media network network would beam music and video to 3g handsets.
3			brand	product	branding	business	network	technology	marketing	partnership			expands call center support new york hosted crm customer relationship management evangelist inc. began a new branding campaign this week to draw attention to its customer service support functionality, launching a new web site at and announcing a batch of partnerships with top call center infrastructure vendors.
1			politics	controversy	football	money	canada			pinball ready to tackle buono the annual grey cup news conference will pit pinball clemons against a coach who dared to publicly criticize him. it was about three weeks ago that bc lions coach wally buono spoke openly about the argos decision
4			network	connectivity	ethernet	technology	cisco	telecommunication	networking	patent	switch			ios changes could alter face of cisco routers companies can expect to see more modularity and features in cisco'sios software over the next several quarters, as the elements of technology it recently introduced for carriers trickles down to business customers.
1			election	politics	democracy	voting	voter	fraud	money			ohio still counting provisional ballots thanks to john kerry's concession speech, ohio's election workers don't exactly have the eyes of the nation on them, but their job of checking and counting the state's provisional ballots is as difficult and time consuming as ever.
2			baseball	television	espn	sport	million	nfl	football	tv	money			nfl 's tv windfall shows no signs of slowing it 's big news whenever the television networks throw $ 8 billion on the table, and even moreso when it 's being thrown at the nfl, the halliburton of sports.
4			electronics	recycling	battery	safety	device	technology	charging	energy	risk			apple announces voluntary recall of powerbook batteries apple, in cooperation with the us consumer product safety commission cpsc , announced thursday a voluntary recall of 15 aluminum powerbook batteries. the batteries being recalled could potentially overheat, though no injuries relating ...
3			income	statistics	revenue	ceo	tax	company	growth	profit	money	earnings			mcdonald's profits in line with estimates mcdonald's corp. on tuesday reported quarterly earnings that were in line with a higher than expected forecast the company gave last week, helped by strong sales in the united states and a tax benefit.
1			election	politics	history	china	succession	candidate	japan	leadership			china communists meet as succession rumors swirl china 's communist party opened a four day, closed door meeting on thursday that will decide whether military chief jiang zemin completes a leadership succession by passing on his last post to party chief hu jintao.
4			science	computer	technology	brain	research	ai	computing			'thinking cap' controls computer in new experiment four people were able to control a computer using their thoughts and an electrode studded thinking cap, u.s. researchers reported on monday.
4			computer	hardware	software	technology	marketing	ai	linux			the $ 5.35 software bargain those looking at lawson software's long term potential will like what they see.
4			electronics	inflation	safety	philip	privacy	technology	consumer	security	industry			philips cautious despite profits philips, europe 's largest maker of consumer electronics, has reported a higher than expected third quarter operating profit. but the company is cautious about the future, warning that high oil prices and unrest in iraq were hitting demand.
4			software	technology	evolution	innovation	freedom	linux			opinion: regarding stallman 's vision i ve always been mixed about the open source movement because while my feelings suggest that this is surely a great innovation in software development scene, there are other many things that i don 't agree with.
4			network	connectivity	ethernet	technology	internet	ip	cisco	networking	switch			fujitsu, cisco form strategic alliance fujitsu and cisco systems have reached a fundamental agreement to enter into a strategic alliance focusing on routers and switches that will enable service providers and enterprises to build advanced internet protocol ip
4			science	china	biotechnology	technology	scientist	physics	research	education	industry			uk to invest long term in science chancellor gordon brown announces a long term plan for investment in science education and hi tech industry.
4			electronics	computer	mac	hardware	technology	machine	apple	christmas	holiday			this week in apple news apple computer introduced a slew of new machines as it gears up for the annual holiday shopping season.
2			baseball	statistics	soccer	athletics	sport	football	athlete	goal	stats			o rourke more then stats and hairstyles soccer is a sport with a field 80 yards wide by 120 yards long, and 22 players running for 90 minutes. often times the only players that stand out are the ones that put up big numbers, scoring goals and setting up others.
4			science	nano	chemicals	biotechnology	technology	pharmaceuticals	patent	research	chemistry	industry			nanotech group beset by defections the field, expected to become a trillion dollar industry by 2012, promises a host of technological and medical advances while also stirring fears because some of the products appear to be toxic and many are not regulated.
2			coaching	doping	espn	athletics	sport	football	athlete	university	cycling			athletes still using bextra com and ben goessling . amid speculation that the painkiller bextra will join vioxx as drugs recalled from the market, university athletes are still using
3			share	trade	market	stock	growth	finance	competition	money	industry			market little changed at open the sharemarket was virtually flat at the open today as losses in the financial sector and news corp nullified gains in resources and gold stocks.
4			computer	ceo	privacy	technology	insider	money	intel			otellini: soft spoken, driven and an intel lifer news analysis intel selects consummate insider as next ceo. can he take intel beyond the pc?
3			business	ceo	shareholder	company	strategy	bankruptcy	money			ceo: altria preparing to break up company altria group inc. is beginning to make the needed preparations to possibly split up into several parts in order to maximize shareholder value, chairman and chief executive louis camilleri said thursday.
4			computer	device	chip	technology	networking	semiconductor	memory	intel			intel announces milestone in shrinking chips san jose, calif. semiconductor company intel says it has made a breakthrough development in shrinking the size of chips. the santa clara based company announced today it has created a fully functional 70 megabit
1			politics	election	war	violence	negotiation	peace	conflict	terrorism	weapon			groups holds northern ireland peace talks a deal taking shape friday in negotiations on northern ireland's future would require the outlawed irish republican army to resume disarmament and issue a new statement that, for the first time, would definitively renounce violence.
4			science	electronics	battery	computer	electricity	privacy	technology	power	energy	physics			personal solar panels could help power mobile devices mobile phone users left talking to themselves when their battery runs out in the middle of a call could soon see an end to their frustration as scientists perfect a way to recharge electrical equipment while on the move.
2			baseball	money	sport	football			odds are fandom fell into trap you did it again, didn't you? you fell into the trap that these fun loving, baseball bashing red sox set for you. you became so enamored with their irreverence and their pizazz and their long hair and their long ball capabilities, you actually convinced yourself they were better than the new york yankees.
3			business	investing	technology	telecommunication	finance	risk	money			mci writes down value of telephone network by $ 3.5 billion ... mci inc. plans to write down the value of its assets by $ 3.5 billion to reflect the decreased worth of the company 's telephone network as its consumer business shrinks.
2			ecuador	baseball	game	gaming	sport	football	chess	networking			photo 7 of 8: global gamers clash for cash $ 2.5 million in prize money is on the line as gamers from uzbekistan to ecuador compete in the world cyber games.
1			election	america	politics	florida	democracy	race	immigration	debate	republican			justice thomas hopes for smooth election u.s. supreme court justice clarence thomas said thursday he would prefer not to face another election related lawsuit, but defended the high court's decision to get involved in the contentious dispute over the 2000 presidential vote in florida.
3			business	ceo	trend	money	loss	bankruptcy	competition	inc			saks posts wider second quarter loss saks inc. sks.n on tuesday posted a wider quarterly loss as poor sales at its lower priced department stores outweighed a strong performance at its saks fifth avenue luxury chain.
4			industry	pc	computer	business	manufacturing	technology	pcs	linux			enterprise purchases sustain pc sales the numbers suggest a long expected slowdown in pc sales growth is taking hold, but also that at least modest growth is possible well into the future since businesses, from small firms to large
4			convergence	collaboration	technology	innovation	networking	productivity	competition	efficiency			vendors address productivity, convergence at wireless expo san franciscothe tension between enterprise and consumer segments of the wireless market was evident at monday 's keynote addresses here at the ctia wireless conference and expo.
4			device	music	privacy	technology	storage	video	sony			sony's vaio x: like tivo on steroids new device offers 1tb of storage, can record seven channels simultaneously.
2			baseball	safety	espn	basketball	sport	defense	football	sgt			schottenheimer fumes over perceived cheap shot the san diego chargers coach went off during his weekly news conference when he was asked what he thought about nose tackle jamal williams punching jacksonville center brad meester at the end of a play in the second quarter of the chargers 34 21 win on
4			network	technology	wireless	standard	networking	patent	vendor	security			pre certified 802.11n vendors risk red card the wi fi alliance appears to have lost patience with vendors who it feels have been jumping the gun by launching wireless products using standards that have not been ratified by the alliance.
2			coaching	baseball	espn	sport	nfl	football	ft	pt			new mexico 's long gets extension through 2009 new mexico, on the verge of going to a third straight bowl game, tuesday gave coach rocky long a contract extension through 2009. while details of the new contract are still being worked
4			battery	electronics	lcd	computer	technology			report: global lcd oversupply to peak in 3q excess supplies of large liquid crystal displays lcds are forecast to peak in the third quarter of this year, but will balance out by the fourth, a us research firm said on friday.
4			mobile	mobility	technology	broadband	internet	telecommunication	carrier	sprint			sprint upgrades mobile network sprint corp. said on tuesday it would spend $ us3 billion $ nz4.2 billion over the next three years to upgrade its mobile network including the development of high speed internet services.
1			politics	america	democracy	bush	washington			what we learned usc: reggie bush is all that. it 's fitting that the president, as he 's nicknamed, chose the nation 's capital as the venue for his national coming out party.
4			mobile	talk	privacy	technology	communication	conversation	networking	phone			at reaches out to data driven profits with its new ogo mobile device, at wireless says goodbye to voice traffic and embraces the im savvy youth market. for at wireless, talk clearly is overrated which is why the wireless provider launched a device that doesnt make calls.
1			politics	money	religion	architecture			seeking the third way or a 21st century battleground for our age old tribalism? there is no doubt what we want to encourage and what we want to discourage as we build out the rose kennedy greenway and finally put the $ 15 billion big dig behind us. a half baked plan to build a boston knockoff of rome's piazza navona in ...
3			inflation	revenue	trend	sale	inventory	marketing	growth	retail	distribution			kmart shows operational progress the same store sales decline slows in november and december, and net income increases.
4			cable	privacy	technology	broadband	ip	internet	telecommunication	access	patent			high court will rule on cable network access the supreme court, accepting appeals from the cable television industry and the administration of president george w. bush, has agreed to decide whether cable operators must open their high speed data networks to earthlink inc.
2			baseball	history	statistics	television	college	espn	basketball	sport	golf	football			highlights of the college football weekend college football fans welcomed back the first full weekend of the season with plenty of excitement and storylines over a holiday weekend packed with action.
2			coaching	preseason	baseball	practice	basketball	sport	nfl	football			pennington practices, questionable for sunday new york jets quarterback chad pennington made it through a full practice wednesday for the first time in nearly a month as he seeks to return from a rotator cuff injury.
3			trading	statistics	price	market	stock	finance	retail	money	security	industry			stocks up on peoplesoft deal, retail data u.s. stocks rose on monday after software maker peoplesoft inc. accepted rival oracle corp.'s buyout offer and a government report showed better than expected retail sales in november, signaling an uptick in consumer spending.
2			baseball	statistics	clemson	florida	espn	basketball	sport	recruiting	football			fifth ranked florida state holds off wake forest winston salem, north carolina sports network xavier beitia's 22 yard field goal with 1:03 left to play lifted fifth ranked florida state to a 20 17 victory over atlantic coast conference rival wake forest at groves stadium.
4			electronics	computer	price	sale	technology	marketing	innovation	money			ultimate electronics' shaky base the stock has soared thanks to homebuilders, but not enough profits are built into the price.
4			electronics	radio	software	wireless	technology	networking	patent	linux			software based radio gains support fcc approves the technology that could transform wireless communications.
4			authentication	hacking	network	privacy	technology	encryption	cracking	networking	security			infocus: wep:dead again, part 1 this article is the first of a two part series that looks at the new generation of wep cracking tools for wifi networks, which offer dramatically faster speeds for penetration testers over the previous generation of tools. in many cases, a wep key can be determined in seconds or minutes.
2			coaching	baseball	team	sport	nfl	football	playoff			patriots eye super return if getting to the super bowl is half the fun, getting back is nearly impossible. no team over the last five seasons has gone to the nfl championship game in consecutive seasons, and
4			voice	australia	network	technology	broadband	telecommunication	telephone			uk regulator issues voip numbering plan ofcom, the official telecom regulator for the uk, published its approach to new voice services, including voice over broadband vob phone services.
4			boeing	computer	aviation	privacy	technology	internet	communication	telecommunication	networking	email			reporting to work mid flight business travelers will soon take advantage of airborne internet if two companies have their way. boeing and software maker ipass plan to use satellite and wi fi to connect high fliers to the office.
4			network	ethernet	wireless	technology	standard	networking			new wi fi spec pushes for 100 mbps a consortium of companies collaborating under the moniker wwise today announced their intended submission of a complete joint proposal to the ieee 802.11 task group n tgn , which is chartered with developing a next generation ...
3			taxation	business	revenue	immigration	tax	finance	corporate	corporation	industry			$ 136 billion corporate tax bill ok d the senate passed a far reaching, $ 136 billion corporate tax package today that cuts taxes for businesses ranging from film companies to bow and arrow makers while closing tax loopholes and bringing us exporters in line with international
2			boxing	baseball	violence	basketball	sport	football	tv			ransacked bills 0 for 2 in sloppy loss oakland, calif. ike mularkey had his back against a cement block wall deep inside network associates coliseum late sunday.
1			politics	election	controversy	kerry	strategy	debate	mccain			bush, kerry tentatively ok three debates the campaigns of president bush and sen. john kerry tentatively have agreed to a series of three debates that both sides hope will give them momentum in the closing weeks of the presidential election campaign, a person familiar with the debate negotiations said sunday night.
3			investor	mining	company	gold	competition	money	distribution	industry			gold fields acceptances up increasing, marketing director for world number four gold miner harmony har ferdi dippenaar said on wednesday. however, dippenaar wouldn 't disclosure the exact level of acceptances received from gold fields shareholders.
4			electronics	battery	technology	car	flying	flight	robot	aerospace			seiko epson puts on show world 's lightest flying robot seiko epson corp. announced wednesday it had developed the world 's lightest flying microrobot, with a weight of just 8.6 grams without its battery, or 12.3 grams with the battery installed.
2			baseball	giant	patriot	fan	sport	football	jet			belichick seems to praise jets with a wink and a nod those were a handful of observations made wednesday by new england coach bill belichick, not about his patriots, winners of 20 straight games, but about the jets, the surprising owners
4			hacking	ethernet	hardware	technology	broadband	cisco	networking	security	linux			3com challenges cisco to router duel com september 13, 2004, 1:28 pm pt. with the economy slowly turning up, upgrading hardware has been on businesses radar in the past 12 months as their number two priority.
3			computer	business	ceo	management	economics	finance	bankruptcy	accounting	money			hammer time for computer associates it's fall and the leaves aren't the only things starting to drop so are more executives who are falling from grace as swashbuckling accounting methods of the 1990s continue to come under the microscope of uncle sam.
2			doping	athletics	sport	athlete	swimming	drug	cycling			dope tests catch medallists a greek olympian has been stripped of his bronze medal after testing positive for drugs, and a russian gold medallist has also reportedly failed a test.
3			baseball	business	management	sport	golf	marketing	finance	money			tiger woods agents sold the sports and celebrity management firm which represents clients such as tiger woods and elizabeth hurley is to be sold to a buyout specialist, it emerged today.
4			developer	implementation	application	requirement	technology	performance	vendor	user			users: data validity, security issues can arise during bi rollouts although business intelligence software can yield major benefits for companies, a variety of challenges can arise during implementations, said users at the business intelligence perspectives conference.
4			mobile	mobility	privacy	technology	telecommunication	phone	number			say goodbye, then hello to at phones cingular, soon to be the united states largest cellular network, will drop the at brand six months after it completes its merger with at wireless.
2			boxing	injury	sport	wrestling	money	boxer			bowe knocks out rhode in second round some in boxing were worried riddick bowe would get hurt making a comeback after eight years outside the ring. on saturday night, he was the one doing the hurting.
4			mobility	privacy	technology	broadband	internet	telecommunication	pcs	speed	education			us broadband reaches critical mass over half of online us households are using broadband to access the internet, according to new research.
4			mobile	network	mobility	telecom	technology	telecommunication	finance	patent			mobile phones push bouygues profits up 92 percent bouygues, the french construction group which has diversified into television and mobile telephones, reported a 92 percent leap of first half net profits, owing mainly to strong mobile telephone performance.
1			politics	election	protest	democracy	protester	debate	republican	convention	demonstration			g.o.p. vows to offer detailed agenda at its convention republicans also said they would seek to turn any disruptions at the convention to their advantage, by portraying protests as democratic sanctioned displays of disrespect for a sitting president.
1			politics	violence	democracy	china	immigration	reunification	conflict	terrorism			chinese secession law may seek legal basis for use of force ... a secession law being drafted by china could provide the legal basis for using force against taiwan, but it is unlikely to include a clear deadline for when reunification must take place, analysts said.
4			trend	technology	economics	company	tech	finance	money	security	industry			u.s. stocks up, technology leads way technology stocks climbed near a 2 month high on monday, as investors seeing value in a battered group bought software and semiconductor shares, while higher crude oil prices limited blue chip gains.
4			developer	linux	software	technology	upgrade	microsoft	security	windows			microsoft, dell and vintela aim to eat ibm 's lunch microsoft is set to change the way that organisations handle upgrades. the company has teamed up with dell and vintela in an attempt to cut the people hours that are spent on software support.
2			boxing	baseball	doping	olympics	athletics	sport	athlete	competition			bad scoring and slights at the olympics michael wilbon is wrong sports, aug. 22. paul hamm should turn in his gold medal, which he did not earn. the judges clerical error had no effect on how paul hamm or yang tae young performed, and the correction can be made after the fact.
3			industry	insurance	acquisition	business	trend	growth	health	money	healthcare			outlook weakens for resting place maker hillenbrand industries inc. , which makes medical equipment and caskets, on tuesday said quarterly earnings rose, capping a year that saw sales helped by acquisitions.
4			chip	hardware	intel	technology	nokia	hp	silicon	linux			intel, symbian to define 3g smart phone 'standard intel 's attempt to conquer the mobile phone chip market took a mighty step forward today when the chip maker announced a partnership with leading smart phone os maker symbian and leading smart phone manufacturer nokia to co operate on the development of
3			business	music	technology	marketing	drug	distribution			corporate p2p network? news: wurld media, which, among other things, boasts its, partnered with the usarmy, says it 's struck a deal with three of the big four record label cartel members to peddle their product through what it calls a peer to peer service
4			mobile	network	technology	nokia	content	multimedia	linux			nokia brews up its own content distribution system the handset giant has announced an operator brandable end to end content distribution system in an effort to satisfy the needs of developers, carriers and end users.
4			computer	hacking	intel	technology	power	silicon	security	linux			amd mobilizes against centrino amd quote, chart took the wraps off a batch of new mobile processors it hopes will steal market share away from intel 's centrino empire.
4			privacy	technology	film	copyright	piracy	innovation	patent	industry			glickman to film industry: nurture new technology in his first major speech to hollywood executives dan glickman, the new head of the motion picture association of america, said the industry must embrace new digital and internet technologies while continuing to battle copyright pirates.
4			mobility	biotechnology	technology	patent	transportation	cost	industry			tsa reconsiders technology contract the transportation security administration yesterday said it would resume plans to seek bids for a large technology maintenance contract, ending consideration of a proposal to give the work to an alaska native corporation without competition.
4			network	connectivity	technology	solution	ip	cisco	telecommunication	switch	security			cisco systems acquires p cube p cube develops service control platforms, which help service providers identify subscribers, classify applications, improve service performance and charge for multiple services without costly infrastructure upgrades, cisco said.
4			network	ethernet	broadband	wireless	internet	technology	telecommunication	networking	patent			sbc to use wifi network to extend cingular reach sbc communications inc. will use its growing roster of public wi fi access points as a springboard for cingular wireless services, including advanced phones and voice services using internet technology.
3			investor	speculation	investing	technology	stock	market	finance	competition	money	security			viacom says it plans to bid for all of marketwatch media entertainment giant viacom inc. expects to make a bid for financial newsgroup marketwatch inc., according to a us securities and exchange commission filing disclosed thursday.
4			network	wireless	technology	internet	broadband	telecommunication	networking			wi fi service bundled with dsl by sbc sbc communications inc., one of the nation 's largest telephone companies, introduced wi fi service for business and residential dsl customers, giving them access to 3,900 hot spots for $ 1.
4			mobile	mobility	technology	smartphone	wireless	nokia	phone			sony ericsson cingular wireless introduce z500a the sony ericsson z500a is available for connection to cingular 's edge enhanced data for global evolution network. the new mobile phone features a built in digital camera with zoom, a built in video camera
4			computer	network	privacy	wireless	broadband	internet	technology	telecommunication	networking			commuter fix for infoworkers on the move, the wireless internet is popping up on planes, trains and automobiles
2			baseball	college	basketball	sport	football	money			old demons rise up again it will hurt more next year if it happens because it will be a league game. but there was no disguising the frustration and anger in the boston college locker room following yesterday's 17 14 loss to wake forest.
4			mobile	network	connectivity	ethernet	technology	wireless	telecommunication	networking	vendor	security			analyst sees cingular awarding deal soon prudential equity group on friday said cingular wireless has made a decision on which vendors it will use for the deployment of its next generation wireless network, with ericsson and lucent technologies inc. likely the biggest beneficiaries.
4			mobile	network	privacy	technology	broadband	internet	wireless	telecommunication	networking			wireless to drive internet growth, tech leaders say wireless services will lead the next growth phase of the internet as venture capitalists who helped fund the early boom open their wallets again, industry leaders said monday.
3			revenue	debt	growth	profit	finance	loss	competition	industry			sun micro posts narrower quarterly loss network computer maker sun microsystems inc. on thursday posted a narrower quarterly loss as revenue rose year over year for the second consecutive quarter after three years of declines, sending shares slightly higher.
4			virus	computer	hacking	privacy	technology	internet	email	security	im			imlogic leads group into im malware battle most e mail users are aware that opening an executable file .exe from an unknown source is a danger, but many don 't know what an im threat looks like.
1			politics	america	controversy	election	race	iraq	bush	republican	money			daschle in tough, costly election fight in the nation's most dramatic and most expensive senate race, minority leader tom daschle of south dakota is scrambling to maintain his political life as republicans argue the democrat is out of touch with people in a state that solidly supports president bush.
2			coaching	baseball	history	espn	basketball	sport	recruiting	football	usc			west virginia out of national title race his team 's national title hopes dashed, west virginia coach rich rodriguez searched for a positive to take out of the mountaineers loss to middling virginia tech.
1			politics	election	government	business	democracy	privacy	technology	solution			microsoft opens portals for governments the solutions sharing network allows government entities to post their own tips, procedures and even in house software.
2			coaching	baseball	basketball	football	coach			win offers some relief for coach it 's almost certainly too little too late, although after what took place here on saturday afternoon the rope reserved for the head coach has been put aside for the time being.
3			business	million	technology	greed	wealth	money			it girl turned sole trader makes millions as jimmy choo deal is ... tamara mellon, the former it girl and fashion pr, yesterday saw a 150,000 loan from her father turn into a 50m fortune when the jimmy choo shoes business was bought by the american
4			privacy	technology	marketing	advertising	patent			sipphone 's suit against vonage is short on merit opinion: sipphone 's one good point is that vonage only router terminal adapters must say vonage on the boxand vonage seems to be hurrying to do that consistently.
3			income	revenue	sale	finance	profit	hp	accounting	money			peoplesoft turns profit on revenue peoplesoft inc., the business software maker currently fending off a hostile bid from rival oracle corp., reported thursday it swung to a profit as sales increased in three of its business lines.
1			politics	dr	thatcher			thatcher: it was just handbags with becks, not aggro ben thatcher was last night playing down what appeared to be a running battle between him and david beckham on saturday at least as far as the england captain was concerned.
4			trend	technology	marketing	option	growth	strategy	innovation	competition			consumer goods companies set to reassure three u.s. consumer products makers will give a peek into their strategies this week and while the sector has been plagued by rising costs and stiff competition, analysts are optimistic about their prospects.
4			television	technology	broadband	internet	entertainment	content	tv	online	media			report: internet surpasses tv as media choice a report from the online publishers association opa reveals that 45.6 of 18 54 year olds will turn to the internet, rather than the tv, as first choice for home entertainment.
3			contract	business	acquisition	finance	cement	money	consolidation	logistics	privatization			purchase may weigh down cemex lorenzo zambrano gained a reputation as a savvy deal maker as he led mexico 's cemex on a spending spree that turned it into the world 's third largest cement maker with 15 acquisitions in a dozen years.
4			mobile	radio	aviation	privacy	technology	communication	telecommunication	phone			fcc to consider allowing cell phones on planes the u.s. federal communications commission fcc on wednesday kicked off efforts that could reshape the communications services available to airline passengers, deciding to auction off spectrum now set aside for air to ground phone service and proposing to relax its ban on the use of cellular phones in flight.
2			politics	baseball	sport	football	loss	freedom	tiger			calhoun not fond of loss but calhoun likes his players and his university and the fact that the huskies are the defending national champions a lot more. calhoun was livid with himself and the collective
2			medal	history	doping	olympic	olympics	athletics	sport	athlete			hamm allowed to hold his gold two months after a judging error overshadowed one of the most stunning comebacks in olympic history, paul hamm is no longer stuck in limbo.
1			election	politics	result	argentina	democracy	political	brazil	religion			brazilian ruling party makes gains in local elections brazil 's ruling party has made gains in sunday 's local elections seen as mid term referendum on the government of left leaning president luiz inacio lula da silva.
4			privacy	technology	broadband	company	internet	money	phone			companies slash fees for net phone plans at said yesterday it was slashing the fee for its internet phone plan, callvantage, to $ 29.99 a month for unlimited local and long distance service.
3			ibm	business	company	enterprise	automation	jones	security	industry			ibm 's jones: stinger targets enterprises with automation, price ... jeff jones, director of strategy for ibm 's db2 universal database, says ibm is wielding affordability and automation as it prepares for battle in the new world of second generation databases.
2			coaching	politics	baseball	history	basketball	athletics	sport	football	education			ohio state knocks clarett 's allegations ohio state football coach jim tressel and the school 's athletics director, andy geiger, defended the besieged program tuesday eiger delivering a vigorous
2			baseball	history	college	alumni	basketball	sport	football	coach	education			experience on dragons' side for 34 years, foster cass patrolled the sidelines for the duxbury boys' soccer team. after a brief retirement last year, cass returned to duxbury yesterday, this time as coach of pembroke 5 10 , in its first year as a high school.
2			politics	baseball	boxing	soccer	sport	football	wrestling			boxing jungle still rumbles when talk turns to ali nothing on the damp infested walls or among the dirty terraces declares that this was the scene of one of the world's greatest sporting confrontations.
3			closure	business	ceo	creditor	financial	finance	bankruptcy	linux			update 1 acclaim files for chapter 7 bankruptcy video game publisher acclaim entertainment inc. quote, profile, research on thursday said it filed for bankruptcy after failing to line up new financing for a credit line that expired last week.
3			business	ceo	sale	management	executive	marketing	profit	productivity	competition			kroger profit falls, warns on sales kroger kr , the largest us grocer, tuesday reported a 25 drop in quarterly profit. even though sales rebounded in southern california, where kroger was hit by a strike, chief executive
4			chemicals	biotechnology	technology	pharmaceuticals	profit	innovation	patent	drug	research			bristol myers squibb profit slips 16 percent bristol myers squibb said its third quarter profit dipped 16 percent from a year ago to 758 million dollars as the pharmaceutical giant boosted research in the face of expiring patents.
2			coaching	overtime	baseball	cleveland	basketball	sport	nfl	football	detroit	playoff			chiefs lose without their priest on sunday new orleans, la sports network kansas city chiefs running back priest holmes missed sunday 's 27 20 loss to new orleans with a knee injury.
4			technology	people	thing	information	everything	idea			new cell phone can predict your next move a cell phone is on the way that reportedly is so smart it can predict what you are about to do. according to research in the journal new scientist, the phone learns about the things
1			election	politics	violence	democracy	iran	corruption	iraq	terrorism	afghanistan			distrust dominates iraq election on the first official day of campaigning for the jan. 30 elections in violence racked iraq, candidates were trying to figure out how to woo the voters.
4			wired	privacy	technology	broadband	wireless	communication	networking	email			pluggedin: wireless companies chat up teens, young adults the wireless industry, not content with getting corporate executives addicted to e mail on the go, is setting its sights on the instant messaging generation.
4			network	mobility	ethernet	technology	broadband	internet	wireless	networking	spectrum			group to propose new high speed wireless format a group of technology companies including texas instruments inc. txn.n , stmicroelectronics and broadcom corp. brcm.o , on thursday said they will propose a new wireless networking standard up to 10 times the speed of the current generation.
2			baseball	history	statistics	sport	football	revenge	money			another manning controls a team 's future this is a rotten time for moral victories. like it or not, the new york giants received one sunday. while their playoff hopes took another hit when their rally
3			trading	investing	stock	debt	profit	finance	risk	competition	money			merrill profit falls on lower trading u.s. investment bank merrill lynch co. on tuesday said third quarter profit fell 8 percent, hurt by reduced trading in debt and equity markets which pushed revenue below expectations.
1			election	politics	revolution	putin	democracy	corruption	russia	ukraine			ukraine president wants new election facing a relentless tide of opposition protests, embattled president leonid kuchma said monday that a new election might be the only way out of a spiraling crisis that threatens to break up this former soviet republic between the pro
4			electronics	radio	technology	marketing	automation	advertising	innovation			the dawn of hd radio when whur launched high definition digital radio this year, it advertised the move several times an hour on air. it slapped the hd radio logo on its letterhead and employee jackets. it drove around town in a specially outfitted van inviting people to listen to the crisp, no static sound. and it tutored consumer electronics retailers about the technology.
2			boxing	baseball	espn	basketball	sport	football	celebrity	gambling	money	talent			a special free agent sfx, one of the top sports representation firms, is in danger of losing agent arn tellem and potentially a star studded nba and major league baseball client list.
4			network	technology	pricing	communication	strategy	networking	competition	merger			merger may heat up fight for wireless customers the $ 35 billion merger of sprint and nextel announced wednesday may make consumers jittery about rising prices in a consolidating industry, but experts say the remaining players will still wage a tough fight for every customer.
2			holmes	hockey	sport	football	watson			pittman gets upper hand on kansas city 's holmes at the start of their work day on sunday, kansas city chiefs running back priest holmes was the man with the reputation and big time stats.
1			election	ecuador	politics	violence	democracy	voting	poll	chavez	venezuela			vote expected to bolster chavez voters cast ballots for governors and mayors sunday in elections expected to strengthen president hugo chavez 's political power two months after he overwhelmingly won a referendum on his rule.
2			coaching	baseball	history	florida	miami	sport	football	dolphin	coach	competition			mistakes keep surfacing for dolphins it is highly unlikely the winless miami dolphins' season will conclude as an inverse of the undefeated 1972 team. to go 0 16 is as difficult as finishing 17 0. but this season's edition is well on its way to becoming one of the most futile in miami's stellar history.
4			linux	privacy	technology	nokia	networking	patent	security	industry			ericsson pulls bluetooth division one of the key developers of bluetooth is shutting down the division that helped foster the personal area networking technology. ericsson has already started to shut down its 125 worker technology licensing
2			doping	olympics	race	sport	scandal	athlete	testing	test			lawyer says sprinter did not know about test greek sprinter costas kederis did not know he was expected for a doping test, his lawyer said after the disgraced athlete testified to a public prosecutor probing the scandal that rocked greece on the eve of the olympics.
2			coaching	baseball	basketball	sport	recruiting	football	coach	scheduling	competition			wins tough to find the revamped acc is one of the top football conferences in the country. but scheduling a non bcs conference team at home doesn't guarantee a win any more.
4			computer	linux	gaming	hardware	microsoft	technology	vs	competition	industry			x prize group plans new series of contests com october 8, 2004, 2:31 pm pt. zdnet 's survey of it professionals in october kept upgrading hardware at number two on the businesses radar throughout the year.
3			business	technology	strategy	bankruptcy	competition	money	canada			rogers wireless to buy canadian rival microcell rogers wireless communications inc. said yesterday it has agreed to acquire rival canadian cellphone carrier microcell telecommunications inc. , which had been fending off a hostile suitor.
4			network	connectivity	channel	privacy	technology	hp	networking			hp seeks edge from channel in latest smb push hewlett packard 's new small and midsize business initiatives will rely almost completely on the channel for solutions and services, with partners acting as a differentiator against rivals like dell and ibm, hp executives said at last week 's techxny show
2			rating	baseball	game	television	nbc	network	espn	sport	abc	football			abc says it won 't attempt to retain all bcs games abc sports, which has carried the entire bowl championship series since 1998, withdrew yesterday from talks to retain the full package of games.
3			job	trading	investor	company	market	stock	growth	risk	money			stocks dip, nasdaq rises before jobs data u.s. stocks finished little changed on thursday, pausing after wednesday's sharp rally, as investors were cautious about making large bets before friday's closely watched jobs report.
4			mobile	computer	mobility	wireless	technology	mapping	gps	car	google	phone			phone home and find the way route finders, once limited to executive autos, have become part of advanced handsets and are now being designed into mobile phones. new smartphones can load computer like applications, adding mapping to their bag of tricks.
4			computer	hacking	code	software	technology	vulnerability	security			former cybersecurity czar: code checking tools needed washington software vendors need automated tools that look for bugs in their code, but it may be a decade before many of those tools are mature and widely used, said the former director of cybersecurity for the us
2			racing	running	race	sport	football	athlete	money	speed	cycling			fastest race ever yields gold, bronze for us justin gatlin wants to be a new face of track and field. maurice greene doesn 't want his face to be forgotten. both should agree on one thing.
4			computer	acquisition	movie	software	technology	company	tech	people	innovation			midway purchase was inevitable acquisitions such as the one for the development studio are more about people and technology than anything else.
4			windows	application	hardware	software	technology	microsoft	development	security	linux			microsoft to deliver sp1 for windows server by year's end microsoft plans to ship the first release candidate of service pack 1 for windows server 2003 by year's end and will release a developer's kit for the high performance computing version of windows server next month.
2			baseball	clemson	espn	basketball	sport	acc	football	tech	duke			hokies roll in acc opener bryan randall runs for one touchdown and passes for another score saturday and virginia tech wins its first game as an atlantic coast conference member, 41 17, over duke.
4			computer	hacking	privacy	technology	vulnerability	encryption	microsoft	security	windows			columnists: feast of egos eager to tarnish microsoft's shiny new service pack 2, the security press managed to spin the most thin and marginal issues into gaping holes and security craters.
4			electronics	manufacturing	technology	instrument	equipment	patent	research	silicon	industry			eads buys racal instruments for $ 105m eads north america has bought racal instruments inc., a designer, manufacturer and marketer of electronic tests and measurement equipment based in irvine, for $ 105 million.
2			baseball	basketball	mr	sport	football	vs			xaverian masters brockton xaverian coach charlie stevenson approached yesterday's game against no. 3 brockton as a sort of litmus test for his team. this was really a measuring game for us, he said after a 35 21 victory for his no. 6 hawks. as a team, we weren't really sure where we were at after the first two games.
4			electronics	computer	itunes	technology	apple			apple reboots into retailing carolyn ramsay couldn't figure out why she couldn't fit more digital pictures into her apple ibook laptop. so she brought it to the apple store here, where one of the resident technicians called geniuses found a quick solution.
1			politics	election	gov	corruption	religion	fraud	republican	money			former n.c. congressman pleads guilty former rep. frank ballance pleaded guilty tuesday to a charge that he used a charitable foundation to bilk the government and funnel money to his law firm, church and family.
4			wikipedia	trend	technology	tech	analytics	research	google			tech briefs shares of google rose 8.7 percent in the second trading session after the company said third quarter profit more than doubled. the shares rose $ 14.
4			industry	computer	business	manufacturing	technology	ibm	research	security	server			ibm opens up design of its blade servers international business machines corp. ibm.n: quote, profile, research said it is making the design of its blade computer servers widely available, in a move designed to gain wider
4			computer	linux	unix	software	technology	microsoft	piracy	security	windows			microsoft: linux may mean price cuts, fewer sales sec filing shows just how much open source is worrying the software giant.
4			processor	computer	chip	hardware	intel	technology	semiconductor	patent	silicon	linux			nvidia signs chipset license with intel nvidia corp. and intel corp. have signed a multiyear cross licensing agreement that entitles nvidia to build chipsets for intel 's processors, the companies announced friday.
2			baseball	sport	nfl	football	playoff	competition			not bowling them over by now weve established that the fans are tired of college footballs bowl system, the prevailing opinion that wed all like to see a playoff.
1			election	politics	putin	violence	democracy	russia	ukraine	terrorism			ukraine's election talks fall apart ukraine's political opposition dug in its heels in kiev's frigid central square yesterday, rejecting an offer of the prime minister's job from the declared winner of the disputed presidential election and withdrawing from talks aimed at reaching a compromise.
4			trend	technology	company	internet	growth	patent	google			google makes market debut in a debut vaguely reminiscent of the boom, shares of internet search giant google surged in their first day of public trading.
4			processor	hardware	power	hp	intel	computing	linux			hp to stop selling itanium based workstations hp says it is still committed to the itanium processor, but it has decided to stop equipping workstations with the chip, due to demand for processors that run in both 32 and 64 bit environments.
4			computer	hardware	technology	power	performance	speed	networking	silicon	linux			your daily tech news service... anandtech have thrown up their performance preview for nvidia 's nforce4 sli mcps using a pair of geforce 6800gts and 6600gts! here 's a snip.
4			network	connectivity	ethernet	technology	broadband	wireless	networking	intel	linux			intel, clearwire collaborate on wimax intel and clearwire, craig mccaw 's wireless broadband services company, plan to jointly develop and deploy wireless broadband wimax networks, the companies announced today.
4			product	manufacturing	sale	technology	marketing	innovation	patent	industry			peoplesoft pushes upgrade sweeteners san francisco embattled peoplesoft inc. is offering a sweetener to customers to migrate to the latest versions of its products, hopefully allowing it to close more sales
4			television	network	digital	technology	broadband	internet	telecommunication	loss			digital subscribers help cablevision cut loss cablevision systems said yesterday that its loss in the third quarter was 41 percent smaller than in the period last year as demand for its digital television, high speed internet and phone services offset higher operating costs.
3			business	revenue	trend	company	growth	bank	finance	corporation	bloomberg	money			update 2 national city 3rd quarter profit rises 72 pct national city corp. ncc.n: quote, profile, research on thursday said third quarter profit rose a greater than expected 72 percent, helped by a recent acquisition and its consumer and corporate banking businesses.
3			business	revenue	sale	performance	profit	finance	competition	money			payless posts profit on cost control retailer payless shoesource inc. on friday posted a quarterly profit, as lower advertising and payroll expenses and other cost savings offset decreased sales.
4			ibm	technology	storage	performance	networking	patent	memory	computing	linux			ibm unveils new sleek, midrange storage looking to grab some momentum and market share from rivals emc and hewlett packard, ibm took the wraps off a new, midrange storage offering that in a 3u form factor could scale up to 67 terabytes.
2			cycling	doping	race	sport	cyclist	racing			cycling: bid to rein in cycling great next year 's tour de france cycling race may give others a chance to test lance armstrong. the mountain top finishes are less intense and the time trials shorter meaning the six time tour winner possibly
3			rating	australia	business	ceo	management	technology	shareholder	finance	money	leadership			update 1: telstra announces ceo departure australia 's largest listed company, telecommunications giant telstra corp., announced wednesday that its chief executive will stand down by july 2005 two years before his contract ends.
1			politics	election	violence	democracy	corruption	conflict	myanmar	terrorism	torture			un asks myanmar to engage opposition parties, release suu kyi the united nations has told the ruling military junta in myanmar that its process for transition to democracy and national reconciliation will lack credibility unless it engages the opposition political parties and releases ...
1			politics	election	democrat	race	republican	district			house redistricting schemes not perfect state lawmakers who reconfigured congressional maps to benefit one party over another have drawn themselves into a corner in some house districts.
4			computer	computing	software	unix	technology	evolution	silicon	security	linux			sun won 't charge for solaris 10 sun microsystems inc. 's plan to give away the latest version of its solaris operating system highlights the technology giant 's bid to roll back the gains of linux in the corporate technology market, analysts say.
1			politics	indonesia	election	democracy	china	corruption	power	religion	terrorism	money			a vow and an appeal in a long awaited victory speech yesterday, indonesia 's president elect susilo bambang yudhoyono vowed to get down to business immediately after taking office to revive the economy, end regional conflicts and stamp out corruption.
4			industry	computer	pc	manufacturing	technology	apple	ibm	pcs	linux			shakeout seen for high tech businesses industry watchers say a report that ibm corp. has put its once dominant personal computer business up for sale could signal the first move in a broader consolidation destined to shrink the number of pc manufacturers by about a third over the next couple of years.
4			network	ethernet	technology	wireless	innovation	networking	patent	apple	intel			intel, wireless pioneer mccaw team up on wimax the chipmaker and craig mccaw's latest company partner on wimax a significant move for the emerging industry.
4			linux	engineering	software	technology	upgrade	development	ibm	industry			ibm, borland upgrade developer tools borland software corp. and ibm announced upgrades to their development tools this week designed to support heterogeneous environments and more closely link software creation to business goals.
3			share	investor	ceo	transparency	privacy	shareholder	company	corporation			moguls match up over news corp. shares of international media giant news corp. nasdaq: nwswi fell nearly 4 yesterday following the company 's announcement that it adopted a shareholder rights plan
1			politics	election	democracy	voting	iran	corruption	electoral	afghanistan	pakistan			mixing of votes begins in afghanistan mixing of the votes cast for the first afghan presidential elections began in parts of the country this morning, a spokesman of the joint electoral management body jemb said thursday evening.
2			coaching	baseball	espn	soccer	athletics	sport	recruiting	football			wheaton has a foothold the wheaton men's and women's soccer teams are ranked no. 1 in new england among ncaa division 3 teams and the women, coached by luis reis , have the distinction of a no. 1 national ranking the past two weeks.
3			business	china	sale	technology	marketing	korea	samsung	industry			samsung faces concerns over margins concern over falling profit margins at samsung electronics co. ltd. grew on thursday as the company said it was spending more on handset marketing and a top broker issued a sell rating on its stock for the first time in years.
3			job	computer	business	technology	strategy	innovation	apple	competition	money			could apple blow its ipod lead? rivals are stalking its consumer electronics star, and history shows its strategy still has old weaknesses. but catching jobs co.
4			computer	fingerprint	art	technique	software	technology	fraud			artful software spots faked masterpieces the method could also be used to determine if more than one hand was involved in creating the work, something physical forensic science has never been able to do.
2			coaching	baseball	statistics	espn	conference	sport	football	attendance	scheduling			c usa officials vote on league title game conference usa athletic directors have voted unanimously to recommend holding the league's inaugural football championship game in 2005.
4			mobile	electronics	network	mobility	broadband	technology	wireless	communication	telecommunication	phone			verizon sets up home in circuit city the wireless carrier will open showrooms in hundreds of branches of the retail chain across the united states.
4			technology	company	growth	innovation	patent	google			effect of google ipo felt by newer deals initial public offerings just wrapped up one of their best weeks in some time, with 10 companies coming to market, raising $ 1.7 billion, and several soaring in their debuts.
2			coaching	england	soccer	sport	football	money			becks to play himself in movie the england captain will appear in goal!, a us $ 100 million $ 165m trilogy about football, reported pa. he will act as himself in the trilogy, which will be directed by danny cannon i still know what you did last summer .
2			baseball	statistics	espn	sport	willis	nfl	football	kicker	stats			mcgahee helps bills beat broncos 16 6 this is what everyone was waiting for from willis mcgahee. after 19 months of recuperation and countless questions about the strength of his left knee, the buffalo bills running back finally provided some answers. mcgahee had the go ahead score on a 1 yard run in his nfl preseason debut, helping the bills to a 16 6 win over the denver broncos on sunday.
4			computer	technology	telecom	internet	telecommunication	intel	industry			nikkei up at midday, led by telecoms tokyo stocks were higher at midday on wednesday thanks to gains in telecom shares and a handful of small caps, but the rise was limited as big technology firms wilted ahead of a business update from bellwether intel corp.
2			baseball	chicago	win	sport	winning	football	money			nat roundup: san francisco watches los angeles celebrate after ... it was painful for san francisco to watch los angeles celebrate its division title win on saturday. with a win of their own and some help on sunday, the giants can take their turn wooping it up.
1			politics	abortion	election	rule	censorship	law	education			supreme court affirms do not call ruling the national do not call list overcame its last legal hurdle monday when the supreme court let stand a lower court ruling affirming its constitutionality.
2			coaching	politics	baseball	history	brown	basketball	sport	money			brown says he may never get over athens larry brown didn't have much time to enjoy his first nba title. after coaching the detroit pistons to a surprising victory over the los angeles lakers, brown focused all his energy on getting the u.s. basketball team ready for the olympics. much to his dismay, the americans came home with just a bronze medal.
4			computer	linux	technology	storage	networking	ibm	email	computing	server			ibm offers disk storage servers ibm is aiming to take a larger share of the $ 60 billion data storage market with the introduction of two new disk storage servers.
1			politics	election	campaign	result	gov	race	polling	romney	washington			wash. governor's race forced into recount the closest governor's race in washington history was forced into a recount wednesday as counties finished tallying the ballots and found only a few votes separating the candidates out of 2.8 million cast.
2			boxing	baseball	sport	cancer	money			jeff kent was the latest to put a knockout punch on the philadelphia phillies . now the question is, for how much longer will larry bowa hang on to the ropes?
4			ibm	microsoft	technology	automation	patent	speech	industry			speech code from ibm to become open source ibm plans to announce monday that it will contribute some of its speech recognition software to two open source software groups. the move is a tactical step by ibm to accelerate the development
4			privacy	technology	innovation	hp	research	money	email			fiorina: sometimes it spending is a 'bad thing' not expecting a rush of it spending during the last three months of 2004, hewlett packard co. hp chairman and chief executive officer carly fiorina said thursday that it buyers have become smarter and more discriminating in their it purchasing than they were just five years ago, and that they now realize that technology spending can sometimes be a bad thing.
4			flash	device	usb	technology	storage	card	performance	networking	memory			panasonic readies speedy sd cards new line of flash memory cards will transfer data twice as fast as current cards.
2			overtime	baseball	statistics	espn	basketball	soccer	sport	football	attendance	mls			soccer report a late charge by the crew tight race in major league soccer 's eastern conference became even more cramped over the weekend as the columbus crew riding a 13 game unbeaten streak became the first of the eight qualifiers
4			science	computer	life	technology	evolution	time	future	energy	physics			dumbing down smart objects forget about cumbersome, multifunctional pdas. the future is an open book. by bruce sterling from wired magazine.
4			animation	graphic	technology	hd	silicon	color			s3 ramps gammachrome 3d production via 's graphics chip subsidiary, s3, will see its gammachrome 3d part appear in retail boards in the far east in q4, the company 's cfo said today.
4			industry	application	linux	java	technology	ibm	security	server			swsoft teams with acronis to boost virtual servers firms sign joint development, marketing deal for integrated product expected next year.
4			privacy	technology	marketing	communication	telecommunication	speech	industry			speech code from ibm to become open source bm plans to announce today that it will contribute some of its speech recognition software to two open source software groups. the move is a tactical step by international business machines
4			computer	linux	networking	silicon	intel	computing	compute			intel suggests overlay to boost internet performance in a speech at the intel developer forum, intel senior vice president pat gelsinger said that by outfitting the internet with an overlay network of computational services made up of computing
4			product	electronics	arm	hardware	technology	apple	patent	industry			arm to buy artisan components for about $ 913 million arm holdings plc, whose chip designs are used in ipod digital music players, agreed to buy artisan components inc. for about $ 913 million.
3			acquisition	java	ceo	business	technology	architecture			systinet ceo sees three phases for web services thomas erickson recently took over as president and ceo of systinet, one of a growing number of companies focused on the web services and soa service oriented architecture management spaces.
3			ibm	business	sale	technology	marketing	customer	hp	analytics	industry			epiphany's new crm apps offer instant analysis epiphany's new applications, which sit atop rival apps, don't delay in getting customer information into sales reps' hands. ibm weighs in with its support.
4			electronics	computer	china	privacy	biotechnology	technology	aging	imaging	industry			national semiconductor sells imaging unit integrated circuit maker national semiconductor corp. said tuesday that it will sell its imaging unit to photo equipment maker eastman kodak co.
1			election	politics	israel	democracy	iran	iraq			un envoy to iraq discusses elections with top us official the united nations special envoy to iraq met with us deputy secretary of defense richard armitage friday to discuss iraqs january elections, the state department said.
2			coaching	baseball	espn	sport	defense	football	duke	maryland	offense			no. 23 maryland blows away duke 55 21 joel statham threw four touchdown passes to offset a host of mistakes saturday, and no. 23 maryland piled up 685 yards in total offense to beat winless duke 55 21.
1			election	abortion	politics	voting	corruption	ballot	fraud			suit: check provisional ballots a watchdog group tries to stop an ohio county's elections board from rejecting thousands of provisional ballots until they are hand checked against voter registration cards.
4			electronics	technology	innovation	samsung	industry			samsung develops first 60 nanometer 8 gb nand flash memory samsung 's advanced 60nm process technology is two thousandths the width of a piece of human hair and achieves approximately 30 percent reduction in cell size over the 70nm 4gb nand flash memory developed last year.
1			politics	election	democracy	journalist	privacy	corruption	journalism	reporter	common	media			reporter 'undercover in commons' the sun newspaper says it has had a reporter working undercover in the commons for months.
2			politics	rivalry	england	soccer	sport	london	football	racism			sports ; arsenal vs. manchester united: a feud grows in england sunday 's game added further heat to this simmering rivalry: arsenal, the defending champion and rising power vs. united, the team of the 90s trying to reclaim its dominance; wenger, the urbane frenchman vs.
3			ceo	disney	management	marketing	strategy	bankruptcy			eisner to leave disney in 2006 walt disney co. chief executive officer michael eisner will leave the company in 2006 when his contract expires. eisner 's plan was announced friday in a letter to the company 's board of directors.
4			electronics	taiwan	manufacturing	technology	semiconductor	patent	silicon	industry			tsmc to tape out 40 more products at 90nm by year end taiwan semiconductor manufacturing company tsmc has already produced over 80 products using 90nm processes, and the company expects to tape out 40 more products at this technology node by the end of this year, according to genda hu, vice president of
4			privacy	technology	semiconductor	fraud	patent	money	silicon	security	industry			infineon admits price fixing, pays fine the announcement was called a breakthrough in the us justice department 's long investigation into price fixing allegations in the semiconductor industry.
4			hacking	network	privacy	technology	vulnerability	encryption	terrorism	networking	security			begging for trouble on security securify founder taher elgamal says a patchwork mentality has effectively turned network security into an it budget black hole.
1			election	politics	speculation	polling	poll	fraud	money			poll impact dents telstra telstra corp ltd 's share price was being impacted by uncertaintly about the election, chief financial officer john stanhope said.
2			baseball	patriot	sport	boston	nfl	football	money			patriots see no patsies bill belichick has been able to motivate the patriots to rise to the elite level of the nfl, so his ability to sell his team's next foe, the arizona cardinals, shouldn't be a surprise.
2			america	baseball	history	sport	football	money			blue stars set to go bowling mayor tom menino must be proud. his boston red sox just won their first world series in 86 years and his hyde park blue stars yesterday clinched their first super bowl berth in 32 years, defeating o'bryant, 14 0. who would have thought?
1			politics	election	democracy	corruption	terrorism	genocide	education	torture			putin ok's probe of school deaths president vladimir putin agreed yesterday to a parliamentary investigation of the bloody school hostage siege in southern russia, less than a week after he had reportedly dismissed the idea by saying such an inquiry might turn into a political show.
4			industry	manufacturing	technology	innovation	patent	research	healthcare			update 3 guidant resolves champion stent issues guidant corp. gdt.n: quote, profile, research said on thursday it has resolved manufacturing and design problems that caused tiny fractures in its experimental
4			electronics	technology	smartphone	tv	rs			lg one ups rivals with world 's first terrestrial dmb handset lg electronics revealed monday that is has set a new technological benchmark by producing the world 's first terrestrial digital media broadcasting dmb cell phone that allows consumers to watch programs and use normal dialing functions simultaneously.
4			ibm	chip	technology	semiconductor	performance	patent	silicon			ibm extends chip performance with germanium layering technique ibm today said it has demonstrated a technique that triples the performance of a standard semiconductor transistor with a process that is compatible with conventional cmos technology.
4			healthcare	biotechnology	technology	health	hospital	industry			850 jobs hit as chiropody and dentistry are axed boots is to shut down its lossmaking dentistry and chiropody services as part of its drive to focus on its high street retail chain.
3			business	abbey	investor	management	shareholder	finance	bankruptcy	money	banking			abbey directors feel shareholders wrath directors of banking giant abbey national today faced harsh criticism from shareholders angry at the decision to sell out to spain 's largest bank.
4			virus	computer	hacking	threat	privacy	technology	attack	security			computer associates fires latest round in spyware battle ken dunham, director of malicious code at idefense, said he recommends both adware and spybot to his friends and family. we really haven 't had good comprehensive solutions to deal with these threats, dunham told technewsworld.
3			business	acquisition	biotechnology	technology	bankruptcy	security	merger			update 1: cyberonics rejects advanced neuro 's bid cyberonics inc. rejected a takeover bid from fellow medical device maker advanced neuromodulation systems inc. on wednesday, saying it continues to focus on strengthening its epilepsy business and is still not interested in any combination or merger.
1			politics	war	democracy	suicide	terrorism	resignation			white house expresses confidence in embattled annan united nations, new york: the bush administration on thursday eased the pressure it had been putting on secretary general kofi annan since american calls for his resignation, saying for the first time that it had faith in him and did not want to see him
4			computer	privacy	technology	car	networking	money	speed	phone	number			web data transfer to handsets made easier have you ever gone online to get driving directions, only to leave the printout behind? have you made movie plans, but forgot to jot down the show times? or do you simply need an easy way to feed phone numbers to your cell phone?
3			business	investing	marketing	finance	competition			manage and sell fund managers dual role could affect ... asset management companies amcs concede that the immaturity of the indian mutual fund industry forces fund managers to spend substantial amounts of time in sales activities.
2			mlb	baseball	espn	sport	football	ft			new york mets call news conference for thursday; expected to hire ... the new york mets plan to make a major announcement thursday amid reports they are planning to hire omar minaya from the montreal expos as head of baseball operations.
4			controversy	privacy	technology	litigation	innovation	patent	money			court upholds rim patent infringement, sends case back for further ... the three year patent dispute between blackberry device maker research in motion ltd. and patent holding company ntp inc. isn 't over yet.
1			election	politics	israel	coalition	democracy	parliament	iran	iraq	opposition			sharon invites opposition to join coalition israeli prime minister ariel sharon has reached out to his opposition rival with an invitation to enter discussion on forming a new coalition government.
4			windows	computer	technology	microsoft	security	linux			microsoft consumes little giant strange that it should take so long for something like this to happen. after all, it 's been years since those of us using microsoft 's nasdaq: msft windows os have had to put up
4			processor	computer	manufacturing	hardware	technology	intel	linux			amd ships new mobile athlon 64, 90 nm processors advanced micro devices on tuesday said it has begun shipping a 3700 mobile athlon 64 processor. the chip maker also confirmed it has started shipping processors on its 90 nanometer manufacturing process for revenue.
4			network	ethernet	wireless	technology	internet	broadband	telecommunication			siemens adds flash ofdm to broadband wireless family german engineering and manufacturing giant siemens ag is adding another broadband technology to its growing portfolio of new high speed wireless systems slated for delivery early next year.
1			politics	election	history	revolution	violence	war	democracy	power	terrorism	haiti			violence, political feuds cloud haiti's hopes nine months after a bloody uprising unseated haiti's elected president, jean bertrand aristide, hopes for a peaceful road back to democracy have all but vanished.
4			electronics	device	manufacturing	technology	semiconductor	manufacturer	patent	silicon	industry			semiconductor market grow 27 percent in 2004 however, the gartner dataquest semiconductor inventory index showed inventories in the supply chain at the low end of the caution zone.
4			computer	linux	business	unix	software	microsoft	technology	kernel	windows			is the mainstream ready for linux? research: businesses are going open source, but os may still be too technical for most users. the open source operating system linux may be gaining a lot of ground in the enterprise space, but windows will
2			mobile	baseball	radio	nascar	espn	basketball	sport	football	sprint			espn eyes mobile phone market sports media company teams with sprint to offer a branded cell phone service.
3			business	investor	investing	technology	marketing	company	stock	growth	strategy	industry			a stock from the industry side out keeping tabs on your company's industry can help energize your portfolio's returns.
4			science	business	trend	technology	tech	innovation	money	industry			it execs optimistic about ways to connect the high tech industry is finally heading towards a recovery after the postbubble decline, but we are not quite there yet, according to executives and industry watchers at the fifteenth annual etre technology
1			politics	election	democracy	germany	economics	immigration	russia	party	money			german fringe parties make gains parties on the far right and left made gains in two state elections sunday in germany, with voters delivering a rebuke to chancellor gerhard schroeder 's social democrats as he tries to rein in german welfare programs.
2			boxing	doping	athletics	germany	sport	football	athlete	swimming	cycling			super saturday britain finally struck gold at the athens games. germany lost two golds but won one more in equestrian. swimming events concluded and track and field heated up on day eight.
4			science	biotechnology	technology	innovation	health	cancer	humor	skepticism			after admitting flaw, kryptonite faces lawsuits lock maker kryptonite and parent ingersoll rand face at least five proposed class action lawsuits in the united states and canada after admitting this week that popular
4			america	computer	manufacturing	technology	machine	innovation	ibm	computing	industry			ibm regains no.1 supercomputer rank blue gene l leads the group followed by sgi 's nasa installation and nec 's earth simulator center in the third position. new york: ibm, the world 's biggest computer maker, has regained its position at the head
4			computer	statistics	computing	network	technology	networking	ibm	security	linux			briefly: dell, topspin tout infiniband clusters roundup plus: ex hp exec joins streamserve board...credit union beefs up database security...computer scientists slam e voting machines.
4			computer	server	system	machine	networking	ibm	computing	linux			ibm goes after high end server market ibm is making a big deal out of its announcement of three power5 processor based servers. the machines are faster than those built by competitors hewlett packard and sun.
4			windows	application	linux	software	microsoft	platform	system	security	server			microsoft releases systems management server 2003 sp1 microsoft released its first service pack for systems management server 2003 with support for windows xp sp2 and virtual server 2005.
1			politics	election	beijing	violence	democracy	china	sex	corruption	money			hk media accuses china of meddling in elections hong kong media criticised beijing yesterday for meddling in this weekend 's elections, saying china 's new publicity about a pro democracy candidate jailed for hiring a prostitute was timed to influence the result.
2			baseball	youth	soccer	sport	football	brazil	goal	mls			soccer: youth brings energy to a night drained of meaning on tuesday, cesc fabregas, a 17 year old spaniard, scored a flamboyant goal and ran the midfield so well that arsenal thrashed rosenborg trondheim 5 1.
3			statistics	share	trend	company	stock	growth	profit	finance	earnings			citigroup profit rises 13 percent the $ 1.02 per share reported was in line with estimates, as growth in consumer businesses offset declining stock and bond market revenue.
1			politics	war	winning	strategy	terrorism	tactic			make us believers here is what we know about the jets: they have done everything that they have had to do so far. every opponent put in front of them has been defeated.
1			politics	britain	election	violence	democracy	war	iraq	terrorism			british hostility to the war deepens as another black watch ... the british publics opposition to the war in iraq has risen to record levels amid signs that the continued violence could be a major factor in next years expected general election.
1			politics	election	ms	sport	woman	education			ultimate soccer mom in addition to driving freddy to practice, emelia adu also holds responsibilities more befitting of a campaign manager than the mother of a teen.
3			manager	ceo	retirement	management	strategy	bankruptcy	accounting	money			hud secretary comments on fannie mae it 's up to the board of fannie mae to decide whether top managers should be removed in the wake of the mortgage giant 's accounting crisis, hud secretary alphonso jackson said wednesday.
4			computer	collaboration	technology	internet	networking	ibm	computing	linux			world community grid ibm has launched a network to harness the power of idle computers around the world. it 's trying to create one massive pc to help out in scientific research in what could become the world 's largest public computing grid.
1			politics	election	democrat	running	clinton	kerry	republican			clinton to return to campaign trail monday bill clinton will return to the campaign trail on behalf of democratic candidate john kerry, party officials said, six weeks after the still popular former president underwent heart surgery to bypass blocked arteries.
2			baseball	michigan	basketball	sport	football	detroit			more than bragging rights at stake for michigan and michigan state bragging rights are at best the second most important thing on the line for no. 12 michigan when it plays rival michigan state on saturday.
4			edge	mobility	hardware	technology	power	blade	speed			ibm reveals blade with room for two scsi drives ibm is now offering enterprises the ability to add two small form factor scsi drives internally to the five new hs20 models of bladecenter systems, which are based on the 2.8 ghz to 3.6 ghz intel xeon processor with 64 bit extensions.
1			politics	citizenship	election	history	democracy	rhetoric	speech	education			inaugural speeches often don't inspire ask not why so few inaugural speeches resonate long after they are given.
2			baseball	hockey	nhl	trade	espn	sport	football	canada	toronto			sport scene the nhl players association offered an immediate 24 percent salary rollback thursday in toronto as the centerpiece of a proposal handed to the league in an effort to end the season long lockout.
1			politics	china	russia			north korea 's number two leader in china amid pessimism over ... a north korean delegation headed by the stalinist state 's number two leader arrived in china amid faltering attempts to resolve the standoff over the north 's nuclear weapons program.
4			computer	linux	software	technology	piracy	networking	reliability	security	server			linux server sales hit a new high for the first time, sales top 1 billion in one quarter, researcher says.
4			computer	network	data	ethernet	technology	internet	networking	speed	computing	linux			scientists achieve new speed record on internet2 scientist at cern have successfully achieved a new land speed record on the new internet2. the researchers were able to send 859gb of data in less than 17 minutes at a rate of 6.63 gigabits per second, a speed
2			baseball	sport	nfl	football	star	quarterback			revival that starts with stars on sidelines for all the hoopla surrounding last night 's patriots colts opener, the national football conference east has pro football 's marquee sidelines: the hall of fame coach joe gibbs returning to
2			coaching	statistics	diversity	athletics	sport	football	education			study: 27 of 56 bowl teams graduate less than half their players orlando, fla. a new study shows 27 of the 56 schools with bowl bound football teams graduated less than half their players. the study by the institute of diversity and ethics in sports at the university of
3			statistics	revenue	trend	sale	growth	profit	competition	money	earnings			best buy reports third quarter earnings rise 21 percent best buy company inc. said on wednesday that third quarter earnings rose 21 percent, but gave hints that profits during the holiday selling season may not be quite what analysts were hoping for.
1			election	politics	statistics	democracy	voting	privacy	money			briefly: jail time for california swappers? roundup plus: microsoft updates home pc package...looksmart buys tweaks volume licensing program...pentagon expands access to voting site.
4			electronics	computer	manufacturing	chip	technology	performance	semiconductor	silicon	industry			chip gear sales now expected to shrink global sales of chip equipment are expected to fall 5.2 percent next year, an industry group said wednesday in a sharp reversal of its midyear forecast of 24 percent growth.
3			statistics	business	technology	economics	company	growth	strategy	finance	money	industry			earnings alert: peoplesoft exceeds targets plus: microsoft tops its expectations...google doubles profit earnings beat estimates...earthlink trims posts $ 7.1 billion loss...lucent sees first profitable year since issues sunny report.
3			statistics	revenue	sale	company	growth	profit	earnings			earnings grow at salesforce commentary research , a provider of internet based customer relationship management software, posted its first quarterly profit as a public company after the bell thursday.
3			revenue	ceo	trend	company	growth	profit	corporation	competition			pepsico profit up, cuts jobs; shares rise pepsico inc. , the world's no. 2 soft drink company, on thursday said quarterly profit rose due to tax benefits and strong performances from its key frito lay snack and north american beverage businesses and raised its full year profit forecast.
4			application	business	collaboration	technology	networking	ibm	industry			ibm annouces new resources for business partners ibm today announced new virtual resources to help business partners more quickly build and deploy on demand business applications tailored to meet customer requirements across all vertical industries.
4			computer	pc	computing	device	hardware	technology	pcs	security	linux			national semiconductor unveils trusted chip for pcs chip maker national semiconductor inc. is rolling out hardware devices designed to make desktop and laptop pcs more secure. the santa clara, calif.
1			politics	india	corruption	power	maharashtra			i was kept in the dark: anil letter to mukesh says dilution of powers is not legal; anil hints at ulterior motive. anil ambani has written to his brother mukesh, saying his powers as vice chairman and managing director of reliance industries
4			network	connectivity	ethernet	technology	bandwidth	switching	networking	switch			switches drive down prices for 10 gbps ethernet falling prices for 10 gbps ethernet switches may spur a new round of network upgrades by businesses looking to provide more speed for bandwidth hungry applications.
2			baseball	bat	basketball	athletics	sport	royal	football	tiger			kansas city royals news there 's something very strange about the royals and tigers on thursday afternoons. baseball scores start looking more like football scores.
4			mobile	mobility	sale	storage	technology	carrier	pcs	sprint	speed			want a treo 650? better sprint san francisco those wanting to get their hands on a treo 650 this year will need to sign up for service from sprint pcs. sprint has cornered the market for this year, scooping up all of palmone 's capacity until sometime in 2005.
4			science	computer	technology	warfare	power	control	weapon	gun			remote control could save soldiers' lives unmanned aerial vehicles and other so called stand off weapons, whether currently used or in secret testing, belong to a developing high tech arsenal that the u.s. military says will help minimize casualties as it battles insurgents.
4			availability	technology	evolution			msn search engine uses basis technology for natural language processing msn search engine uses basis technology for natural language processing basis technology announced this week that microsoft corp. has chosen the rosette linguistics platform to support web searches in its new msn search engine. the companies have entered into a multi year agreement in which microsoft has the option to utilize all ...
2			politics	baseball	sport	football			zook wary of hook bad weeks happen to everybody. but florida coach ron zook can retire the award for the season. all that happened to zook, who had to endure the sting of a website in his first season replacing steve spurrier as gators coach, was a confrontation in a fraternity house, a lukewarm vote of confidence by the school president, and a ...
3			job	ceo	intel	technology	company	growth	corporation	money	silicon	industry			intel sets upbeat tone on wall street u.s. shares are set to open higher on friday, buoyed by intel corp. after the world's largest chip maker raised its quarterly revenue target due to strong demand, but all eyes will be on jobs data before the opening.
2			usa	sport	race	football	athlete	muscle	competition			athlete analysis the big story is roman sebrle, mr. consistency. he has four decathlons over 8,800 points his last four times out. he looks good. tom pappas of the us, on the other hand, looked shakier than he did at the olympic trials.
4			ibm	chip	technology	speed	patent	memory	silicon			ibm, amd speed chips news: amd and ibm say theyve developed a unique technology that results in up to a 24 transistor speed increase at the same power levels as similar transistors made without it.
1			politics	america	war	democracy	peace	power	terrorism	freedom	security			a middle east opening with a hard fought election behind us, the united states is now free to refocus its energies on the myriad problems that have a direct impact on its security and destiny.
1			politics	stalking	marketing	strategy	tactic	targeting	risk			fidelity fee cuts all about strategy a lot of people got excited when fidelity investments announced recently that it was cutting fees on five index mutual funds. you heard talk about price wars with the vanguard group, of a new low cost leader in fund investing and more.
3			success	business	greed	profit	money			$ 616m for coles will silence the doubters john fletcher yesterday claimed coles myer 's $ 616.5 million profit was the kind of result every ceo actually dreams about .
4			processor	computer	chip	intel	technology	hp	silicon	linux			intel preps speedier pentium 4 the chipmaker will quietly roll out its 3.8ghz pentium 4 570 for desktops on nov. 15, sources tell cnet
4			trend	sale	music	technology	marketing	performance	innovation	research	industry			strong sales forecast for digital audio players sales of portable digital audio players like apple computer inc. 's trendy ipod are booming and are expected to generate $ 58 billion in revenue worldwide by 2008, according to a research report released tuesday.
1			election	indonesia	president	history	politics	democracy	corruption	afghanistan	terrorism			indonesian ex general sworn in as president former general susilo bambang yudhoyono was sworn in as indonesia's sixth president on wednesday after sweeping to power by vowing faster job growth, a war on corruption and tough punishment for terrorists. a solemn looking yudhoyono took the oath of office inside a cavernous hall at parliament in front of the very legislators many expect will challenge the big popular mandate he won in indonesia's first direct presidential election last month.
4			linux	manufacturing	technology	innovation	patent	security	industry			transmeta bets on longrun2 while intel corp. and advanced micro devices inc. continue bringing low power mobile chips to market, transmeta corp. is faced with the possibility of shifting its focus from operations and toward licensing its technologies.
4			algorithms	computer	chip	design	math	mathematics	memory	intel	computing			designer puts 96 cores on single chip chips that help a computer's main microprocessors perform specific types of math problems are becoming a big business once again.
4			computer	hacking	hardware	software	technology	networking	security	linux			name? ross mayfield has an interesting take on the lenovo ibm deal and bringing open source to the desktop in his blog... i believe their commoditization strategy is more than hardware.
4			electronics	computer	graphic	technology	samsung	intel	computing	linux			samsung develops first graphic memory chip south koreas samsung electronics has developed the worlds fastest computer memory chip for graphics applications. samsung said the 512 megabit graphics double data rate gddr memory chip is the most
2			coaching	baseball	hockey	basketball	sport	player	williams	tennis	toronto			raptors williams undergoes knee surgery, out for season toronto raptors point guard alvin williams will miss the rest of the season after undergoing surgery on his right knee monday.
3			trading	revenue	trend	investing	stock	finance	profit	money	earnings			merrill profit falls on lower trading us investment bank merrill lynch co. mer.n: quote, profile, research on tuesday said third quarter profit fell 8 percent, hurt by reduced trading in
4			australia	manufacturing	production	surgery	technology	innovation	research	industry			interview: australia 's cochlear to ramp up output sydney dow jones australian ear implant maker cochlear ltd. said monday it has moved quickly to lift production to meet increased demand from doctors following
2			controversy	cycling	doping	athletics	sport	race	athlete	competition	racing			montgomery and gaines hearings postponed the court of arbitration for sport cas has postponed its hearings with american sprinters tim montgomery and chryste gaines who have been charged with serious doping violations.
3			revenue	india	sale	technology	finance	profit	money	industry			sony ericsson sees profits triple japanese swedish mobile phone maker sony ericsson reports a tripling of its third quarter profit, driven by sales of new camera phones.
4			electronics	wired	network	wireless	technology	networking	security			wired intros mediapress encoder, mason hd decoder wired on monday released its new mediapress le real time mpeg encoding card and took advantage of its presence at this week 's dv expo in los angeles to preview its upcoming mason hd video decoder card, which the company said will ship in the first quarter
4			business	network	privacy	technology	ip	innovation	networking	email			voip gains ground with bank of america deal the largest voice over ip business deployment revealed to date presents new opportunities for both the bank that 's using it and the services provider that 's implementing it.
4			network	connectivity	ethernet	technology	routing	cisco	networking	security			cisco buys network design firm for $ 34 million bcn systems routing architecture will be used to to speed development of converged networks for data, voice, and video. by networking pipeline news.
4			electronics	pc	hacking	computer	technology	sharp	tech	pcs	windows			sharp puts its pc in the living room new windows based computer doubles as a tv and a digital video recorder.
4			computer	pc	technology	nokia	hp	pcs	computing	linux			pc shipments up, but revenue less so, study says makers of pcs will ship 191.4 million units in 2004, a 13.4 percent increase from a year ago, according to research company isuppli.
4			computer	manufacturing	technology	solution	innovation	semiconductor	silicon	security	industry			agere adjusts for soft demand facing soft demand from major customers, semiconductor and software specialist agere systems said it will lay off 500 people and close three facilities to cut costs.
4			mobile	wireless	technology	telecommunication	phone			radioshack to run sam 's club kiosks radioshack corp. said monday that it is selling mobile phones at more than 500 sam 's club locations to drum up sales and stretch its lead in wireless retailing.
4			electronics	computer	hacking	alien	movie	technology	car	tech	physics			technology rules in 'world of tomorrow' you'd better hope your computer doesn't break down today. there's a good bet nobody will be around to fix it. that's because every self respecting geek with 10 and a pulse will be queuing up to see sky captain and the world of tomorrow, the slick new live action blockbuster that forgoes sets and locations in favor of purely computer generated backdrops.
2			baseball	game	gaming	sport	microsoft	football	gambling	xbox			xbox to stop making some sports games microsoft corp.'s xbox video game business will lay off 76 workers and stop making some sports games, the company said.
4			developer	java	ca	technology	development	ibm	intel	industry			amd planning us developer conference after years of holding meetings with analysts and media at rival intel's biannual developer conferences, advanced micro devices amd plans to host its own developer conference this year in the u.s.
4			virus	computer	hacking	privacy	technology	health	cancer			a digital doctor treats computer contamination before me lies the patient, a gateway computer running windows 98. it is suffering from extremely clogged internet arteries, unable to reach the web. as one of the washington post's digital doctors, my task is to nurse the machine back to health so my colleague kathleen day can access her e mail and file stories from home.
3			product	inflation	manufacturing	sale	technology	profit	toy	money	industry			toys r us gains after q2 profit swing toys r us said monday it made money in the fiscal second quarter, in contrast to the prior year 's loss, thanks in part to a $ 200 million income tax reversal.
4			application	wireless	technology	performance	networking	patent	security	linux			bluetooth for multi player gaming? the bluetooth special interest group has unveiled a roadmap that outlines updates to the technology in performance, security, power optimization and usability.
3			business	greed	energy	finance	oil	profit	risk	competition	money			energy, material prices hurt u.s. profits 3m co. and american standard cos. inc. cast a shadow of disappointment on monday as the busiest week yet of the corporate earnings period got under way, and analysts cautioned not to expect the profit picture to brighten soon.
3			hotel	business	ceo	investor	tourism	hospitality	management	investing	money			starwood taps former coke exec as new ceo steven heyer, a former top executive at coca cola who left shortly after being denied the chief executive slot in may, is set to take the helm of starwood hotels worldwide, the company said on tuesday.
4			computer	network	collaboration	technology	system	networking	security			net centric consortium gets off the ground executives from 28 companies in the united states and europe today faced the cameras and pledged their intention to work together to build interoperable systems for the defense department and other government agencies.
2			boxing	athletics	sport	race	football	athlete	religion	iaaf	racing			athletics: shaheen record run lifts after show party for saif saaeed shaheen, the memorial van damme in the stade roi baudouin last night was the lord mayor 's show, not after it. he made the most of it, steeplechasing in all his
1			politics	election	israel	government	democracy	corruption	reform	iraq	privatization			palestinian legislators accept arafat promise to fix government yasser arafat fended off another challenge to his authority yesterday when palestinian legislators backed away from sweeping reform demands, instead approving a watered down set of recommendations.
4			electronics	computer	software	privacy	technology	evolution	aging	innovation	change			microsoft puts household entertainment at touch of a mouse technology is changing daily. it 's a wonder we aren 't all punch drunk from the velocity with which new things emerge and not so old things become obsolete.
4			computer	technology	internet	google	money	computing	linux			mr world wide web gets new job the inventor of the world wide web has got a job as a professor at the university of southampton. that 's according to the this is southampton web site, which said sir tim berners lee will become chair of computer
3			politics	business	ceo	greed	finance	money			paul mcintyre: switkowski carries too much baggage for the markets the prospect of aa $ 30 billion $ 32.39 share issue will tend to do that to a board, which dined on tuesday night at a swish sydney restaurant without their virus infused chief executive he was officially stuck at home with a crook stomach.
4			ibm	computer	grid	collaboration	technology	hp	patent	computing	linux			ibm accelerates grid computing efforts for isvs grid computing already is close to being a $ 1 billion business for ibm. now the company is stepping up its efforts to make sure its independent software vendor partners are onboard the grid computing bandwagon.
3			inflation	revenue	production	sale	growth	profit	productivity	earnings	industry			kodak reaffirms earnings outlook eastman kodak co., the world 's largest maker of photographic film, said wednesday it expects sales of digital products and services to grow at an annual rate of 36 percent between 2003 and 2007, above prior growth rate estimates of 26 percent between 2002
4			wired	network	mobility	ethernet	technology	broadband	internet	wireless	networking			telkom makes last mile wireless telkom and intel announced last night that they are to trial wimax broadband wireless networks locally, to give the end user wireless alternative connections to the telco 's network.
1			coaching	politics	diplomacy	history	election	sport	football	strategy	ethics	politician			matching wits on politics maryland offensive lineman andrew crummey and cornerback domonique foxworth play on opposite sides of the field and sit on opposing sides of the political fence.
3			business	ceo	microsoft	marketing	company	ibm	email	industry			ibm beefs up isv programs hoping to both bolster resources available to its network of business partners as well as expand its number of partners, ibm on tuesday introduced services and support programs that boost financial support for co marketing campaigns and grant deeper access to ibms sales network to close deals faster.
3			trading	trade	speculation	stock	market	trader	money	security			mylan explains trading surge that 's what mylan laboratories myl :nasdaq news research sort of did friday in addressing a surge in trading volume thursday.
4			computer	chip	hardware	intel	technology	networking	semiconductor	silicon	computing	linux			amd to demonstrate dual core chips advanced micro devices will demonstrate dual core chips tuesday, but intel will likely do the same in a week.
4			battery	electronics	dell	electricity	storage	technology	power	reliability	linux			dell recalls ac power adapters due to fire, shock hazard dell inc. announced today that it is voluntarily recalling a total of 4.4 million ac power adapters used with some dell notebooks, among these, 2.9 million were sold in the us alone.
4			electronics	computer	mobility	china	privacy	technology	nokia	telecommunication	money	phone			qualcomm tries trigenix on for size to help bolster its presence in europe, the proponent of a north american cell phone standard goes on a shopping spree.
4			job	manufacturing	trend	unemployment	technology	tech	innovation	research	industry			study finds dramatic loss of tech jobs third quarter cuts in the tech sector shot up 60 percent from the previous quarter, an employment services company reports.
2			baseball	history	basketball	sport	football	something	money			from blowout win to defeat something happened something few probably thought would make a difference on the way to the nuggets blowout of philadelphia that wasn 't.
4			windows	pc	computer	software	technology	microsoft	pcs	linux			building a linux pvr, part 2 in this second part of our personal, home made pc based pvr solution, anandtech focuses on microsoft 's windows xp media center.
2			politics	baseball	life	basketball	sport	football	money			thanksgiving thank you notes despite a tumultuous year try to forget the basketball brawl and this year's other disturbing moments in sports. it's time to say thanks to some of the people who have made sports a better place.
4			electricity	wireless	technology	internet	power	broadband	telecommunication	utility			fcc rules to allow broadband via power lines the federal communications commission has made changes to its regulations that will allow power companies to provide broadband services over electric lines.
4			mobile	device	mobility	technology	performance	apple	linux			palmone unveils treo 600 's successor treo 650 boasts a high res display, an improved keyboard and camera, a removable battery, and more. palmone this week is announcing the treo 650, a hybrid pda cell phone device that addresses many of the shortcomings
3			inflation	trading	share	trend	sale	shareholder	stock	growth	earnings			dreamworks shares surge on debut shares in dreamworks animation, the creators of shrek and shark tale, jump 30 on their first day of trading.
3			income	revenue	stock	bank	finance	profit	loss	money	banking			australian bank group reports record profit sydney australia new zealand banking group said tuesday that second half profit rose 17 percent to a record after it bought new zealand 's biggest bank and raised lending to businesses as they increased investment.
2			statistics	rangers	soccer	club	sport	football	stadium	brazil			juninho in flying start former boro fans hero juninho paid tribute to the parkhead atmosphere after playing a starring role in the 1 0 old firm derby win over rangers on his debut.
4			industry	product	technology	dvd	marketing	copyright	content	patent	media			blu ray disc association launches today, more than 70 companies from the consumer electronics, information technology, media and software industries held the first official meeting of the blu ray disc association.
1			politics	diplomacy	asia	democracy	india	peace	africa	leadership			kofi annan: globally popular mainstay of the un having dedicated more than 40 years to the united nations, the seventh secretary general kofi annan is a well liked and admired global figure.
2			baseball	basketball	sex	sport	football	woman			off to a strong start before lineup introductions, nc state men 's basketball coach herb sendek pulls each one of his starters aside and offers a word.
3			insurance	trading	business	trade	speculation	technology	mining	company	security	industry			royal group technologies shares remain halted as rumours swirl trading in shares of royal group technologies ltd. remained halted by regulatory order thursday amid rumours about police and securities commission investigations of the building products maker.
4			processor	computer	manufacturing	hardware	intel	technology	apple	silicon	security	linux			custom system builders: intel price cuts move processor sweet spot system builders say intel 's latest price cuts will help them clear out old inventory and should move the sweet spot of the company 's processor lineup to the 3ghz pentium 4 from the 2.8ghz pentium 4. after
2			baseball	basketball	soccer	sport	football	quarterback			belichick is in rare form friday mornings with bill belichick are probably the most personal and informative of the week. after his team has had a good week of practice, he's engaging and talks pure football.
4			mobile	technology	wireless	broadband	telecom	telecommunication	phone			telecom offers broadband to go telecom mobile general manager kevin kenrick showed off the harrier personal digital assistant at the launch of the company 's 3g mobile broadband network in wellington yesterday.
4			industry	computer	linux	software	privacy	technology	copyright	piracy	security	windows			briefly: piracy crackdown yields $ 2.2 million roundup plus: sun draws nvidia graphics into solaris...tibco scoops up software company...peoplesoft extends customer assurance.
3			business	manufacturing	boston	technology	emerson	corporation	research	money	industry			emerson 's profit, sales grow in fourth quarter, fiscal year growth in its network power and industrial automation businesses contributed to a 28 percent jump in profit in the fourth quarter for emerson, the company said tuesday.
4			network	privacy	technology	communication	networking	bankruptcy	security	termination			nortel: once more, with filing after having promised to file its revisions by the end of october, nortel networks corp. said it would delay its long awaited restatement for the second time.
2			montreal	politics	baseball	soccer	sport	football	stadium	washington			approval for new stadium in washington hits a snag the plan to finance a new stadium for the relocated montreal expos has exposed a schism within the district of columbia's city council and among its citizens.
4			driver	car	technology	company	vehicle	industry			software firm to subsidize employees hybrid cars hyperion said it hopes to encourage other firms to join its clean driving campaign and has launched a group called the companies for clean air consortium.
3			business	trend	progress	technology	marketing	patent	advertising	change			epcglobal: users to get rfid progress update corporate users facing mandates to adopt radio frequency identification technology will get a chance at this week 's epcglobal us fall conference in baltimore to gauge how much progress vendors, service providers
4			statistics	privacy	technology	broadband	internet	networking	speed	education			report: fast internet use doubles in u.s. the number of americans using fast internet connections doubled from 2001 through late 2003, still below some expectations and especially low among minority groups and people in rural areas, according to a report by the bush administration.
4			electricity	network	mobility	europe	technology	broadband	internet	telecommunication			broadband pushes europe web users to 100 million more than half of europe's internet surfers now have a high speed broadband connection at home, which has helped to push the number of web users in europe through the 100 million mark, a survey found on thursday.
4			computer	privacy	broadband	technology	internet	bandwidth	surfing	networking	linux			first look: surfing on your msn tv pc world reviewer says latest incarnation of the webtv device is acceptable as a dial up internet device for some, but its broadband networking features will leave savvy users unimpressed.
4			mobile	network	mobility	europe	telecom	technology	internet	nokia	telecommunication	phone			japan's ntt docomo sees europe embracing hi tech mobile phones japan's top mobile operator ntt docomo believes europe will embrace hi tech telephones and expects a major boost in subscribers on the continent of its i mode internet service.
2			baseball	statistics	television	movie	espn	sport	football	tv	fireworks			game of the week why to watch: with fireworks during and after the game, who doesn 't want to watch texas tech football? the red raiders are at it again as sonnie cumbie had a big game against smu before head coach mike leach
1			politics	election	controversy	style	debate	strategy	tactic	competition			bush, kerry rev up for campaign face off it's a classic pre debate dance, maybe as important as the matchup itself: lower expectations for your candidate's performance and jab the other guy while you're at it. while president bush and democrat john kerry remained secluded half a country apart on sunday in preparation for their prime time showdown thursday, representatives for each side employed their own double barreled debate strategy...
3			news	business	cash	sport	bankruptcy	special	money			cash america declares special dividend related to sale of business wire ept. 8, 2004 h america international, inc. nyse: pwn announced today that its board of directors, at a specially called meeting, declared a one time special
4			keyboard	computer	mouse	microsoft	technology	security	windows			microsoft's new mice get touchy latest line of keyboards and mice include some with fingerprint readers for added security.
4			computer	desktop	linux	java	hardware	software	unix	computing	windows			novell spiffs up its desktop linux software this fourth priority 's main focus has been improving or obtaining crm and erp software for the past year and a half. novell plans to release in early november a new version of its open source operating system for desktops.
1			politics	election	investor	democracy	transparency	shareholder	finance	corporation	governance			pay the lasting investor battle cry big ticket executives and the directors who bankroll them will be top targets for activist shareholders as the proxy campaigns for next year's annual corporate meetings get under way, governance experts predict.
3			inflation	trend	price	sale	marketing	market	competition	retail	industry			us treasuries take a fall on upbeat sales data treasuries were stripped of early gains on monday as us retail sales data proved strong when many in the market had been betting on a weak outcome.
4			windows	security	computer	privacy	technology	microsoft	intel	computing	linux			microsoft, intel team set to conquer us living rooms microsoft corp. and intel corp. are joining forces to conquer us living rooms and make further inroads into the coveted consumer electronics space.
4			computer	linux	storage	system	networking	ibm	availability	memory	computing	server			ibm brings high end storage functions to midrange ibm on tuesday announced two new storage products upper midrange and high end disk arrays designed for ease of use and lower cost. the ds6000 and ds8000 feature higher physical storage capacities, a modular architecture, and additional visualization technology, all in systems considerably smaller than previous versions.
1			election	america	politics	democracy	bush	kerry	mccain			the election that never ends ... online john kerry may have conceded his loss in the presidential election the day after the polls closed last week, but the blogosphere is still abuzz with charges of e voting machine fraud and other conspiracy theories claiming that president bush didn't fairly or actually win reelection.
4			mobile	network	mobility	wireless	technology	communication	telecommunication	networking	phone			mobileaccess networks strengthens signals for indoor use every day, cubicle dwellers get up from their desks and walk to their nearest windows in search of a strong enough signal to make or answer a cell phone call. cathy zatloukal thinks her in building wireless infrastructure company, mobileaccess networks, can save them the trip.
1			politics	terror	war	democracy	violence	warfare	iraq	conflict	terrorism	fear			car bombs strike in baghdad, killing 11; rumsfeld warns violence ... car bombers struck twice in rapid succession in the capital sunday, killing at least 11 people including an american soldier, as us defence secretary donald rumsfeld warned that violence may increase before the january election.
4			computer	relationship	software	privacy	technology	love	internet	email			software helps users fight spammers the spammed can now hit back at the spammers with new software from lycos called make love, not spam. the software sits on your pc and when the machine is not in use, it generates traffic on the sites of known
4			product	statistics	manufacturing	sale	technology	profit	patent	productivity	industry			increased sales power tool company profit black decker corp. on wednesday reported a 51 percent increase in third quarter profit, topping estimates, as sales and profit margins improved in power tools and home hardware.
4			cable	electricity	telecom	technology	internet	power	broadband	telecommunication	energy	utility			utilities take pass on offering broadband the nation's top telecommunications regulators are convinced that electric power lines are finally ready to become a revolutionary new way for americans to get high speed internet access, unleashing competition for cable and phone giants.
1			election	politics	democracy	tourism	media	afghanistan	kosovo			donkeys and satellite phones pave the way for afghan elections organising the first presidential election in afghanistan, a country largely without power, roads or literacy, has required a leap of imagination that has encompassed everything from donkeys to satellite phones.
1			election	politics	history	democracy	iran	corruption	iraq	terrorism	afghanistan			karzai wins afghan presidential election hamid karzai was declared the winner of afghanistan 's landmark presidential election wednesday, after investigators concluded that a string of irregularities were too minor to overturn his triumph.
1			politics	election	controversy	israel	democracy	sharon	parliament	terrorism			parliament votes against sharon statement the israeli parliament gave a symbolic slap to prime minister ariel sharon, voting against a statement defending his gaza pullout plan, but he survived two no confidence motions and pledged to bring the withdrawal itself to a vote in two weeks. the maneuvering came monday at the opening of the winter session of the knesset, israel's parliament, with sharon heading a government that lost its majority over the gaza pullout and is vulnerable to being toppled...
4			mobility	technology	wireless	ip	internet	broadband	telecommunication	networking	carrier	sprint			sbc, sprint deal doubles wi fi customers hot spot access through a deal with rival sbc communications inc., sprint corp. will almost double the number of places subscribers can wirelessly log on to the internet at high speeds, according to a report from the kansas city business journal.
2			america	baseball	college	irish	sport	football	money			irish pluck weis when charlie weis puts on his headset on the patriots sideline today, he'll hope the best academic high school football players in america will be watching. that's because weis now has two jobs offensive coordinator for the new england patriots and head coach of the notre dame fighting irish.
3			business	ceo	snap	weather	surprise	industry			snap on plunges on q3 warning shares of snap on inc. plunged 11 percent early tuesday after the tool and equipment maker warned of lower third quarter profits due to higher steel costs, weakness in europe and disruptions from hurricanes in the us.
1			election	politics	violence	democracy	voting	fact	corruption	fraud	venezuela			venezuelans vote to keep chavez in office venezuelans overwhelmingly voted to keep president hugo chavez in office, dealing a crushing defeat to a splintered opposition and allowing the leftist leader to convert one of the biggest challenges of his presidency into an even broader mandate to carry on his revolution for the poor. stunned opposition leaders, who have fought for years to oust chavez, claimed fraud after results announced monday by election officials showed nearly 60 percent of voters had said no to the question of whether he should leave office immediately. but former president jimmy carter and the organization of american states endorsed the results of sunday's vote, which saw one of the biggest turnouts in venezuela's history, and urged everybody to accept the outcome...
4			computer	gaming	movie	privacy	car	technology	money			sleek computer moves from den to living room for the past five years, bill gates and the people at microsoft have been trying to turn that boring gray computer box on your desk into a sexy entertainment gadget that you would welcome into your living room or media room.
4			revolution	technology	evolution	invention	innovation	money	food			firefox: the revolution begins here you know how sometimes you find a product or service and just have to evangelize it to everyone you know? maybe you really like the braun oral b electric toothbrush.
4			security	computer	hacking	safety	privacy	technology	fraud	terrorism	surveillance			diy phishing kits found on the internet do it yourself phishing kits are being made available for download free of charge from the internet, security watchers have warned.
3			australia	business	ceo	management	finance	bankruptcy	money	industry			telstra ceo out ahead of full sale the chairman of telstra has nominated the upcoming full sale of the company as the major reason for the departure of chief executive ziggy switkowski.
4			computer	mac	car	technology	innovation	apple	macintosh	ai	design			apple fans abuzz over new imac with apple computer 's next imac expected to be unveiled as soon as next week, mac fan sites are buzzing with speculation over the design.
4			industry	computer	intel	technology	stock	energy	oil	silicon	linux			stocks end little changed on oil, intel us stocks ended barely changed on tuesday as a late retreat in oil prices pulled the market back from lows, although a broker downgrade of technology bellwether intel corp.
3			process	product	application	batch	business	management	software	marketing	analytics			software tracks status of batch processes bmc software announced tuesday the release of bmc batch impact manager, a system that allows customers to manage batch processes according to their business importance.
4			electronics	lcd	battery	lighting	led	technology	lead	silicon			sony to begin mass production of full color oled displays oled or organic led is not made of semiconductors. it 's made from carbon based molecules. that is the key science factor that leads to potentially eliminating leds biggest drawback size.
3			revenue	india	technology	company	profit	finance	industry			india's satyam posts 28 percent jump in second quarter profit leading indian software exporter, satyam, second quarter profit rose 27.92 percent to 41.2 million dollars on the back of strong orders and rationalisation of costs.
4			computer	gaming	software	music	technology	microsoft	apple	windows			battle brewing on the digital music front apple computer inc.'s reign as king of the digital music business is about to meet its most serious challenge as software heavyweight microsoft corp. prepares to enter the fray.
3			business	ceo	management	technology	executive	marketing	email	leadership			bellsouth picks a coo message board today named mark feidler as its new chief operating officer, along with a host of other executive changes.
1			politics	abortion	election	history	democrat	democracy	race	delay	republican			ethics rebuke to delay prompts democratic calls for ouster house democrats declared that the latest case against the leader of the republican majority proved that he was unfit to lead.
2			boxing	baseball	sport	football	stadium	seattle	washington	attendance	tv			upi newstrack sports baseball will return to washington in 2005 after an absence of more than three decades. it was announced wednesday that the montreal expos will move to washington next season and play its home games at rfk stadium.
4			network	ethernet	technology	internet	routing	cisco	networking	security			cisco to acquire bcn cisco systems has confirmed that it is to buy routing software start up bcn systems for an initial $ 34 million 17.6 million . in the week it turned 20, the networking giant announced it will pay around
1			politics	controversy	debate	rhetoric	strategy	tactic	competition			campaigns aim to lower debate expectations it's a classic pre debate dance, maybe as important as the matchup itself: lower expectations for your candidate's performance and jab the other guy while you're at it. while president bush and democrat john kerry remained secluded half a country apart on sunday in preparation for their prime time showdown thursday, representatives for each side employed their own double barreled debate strategy...
4			electronics	computer	chip	hardware	technology	memory	silicon	intel			intel's barrett sees room for chip growth intel corp., the world's largest computer chip company, is not suffering from overcapacity and new areas are emerging that will increase global demand for microprocessors, its chief executive said friday.
3			business	financial	bank	finance	bankruptcy	money	banking			credit suisse shares drop as bank reportedly prepares csfb job ... shares in the swiss banking group credit suisse fell on the eve of an investors meeting which will reportedly unveil drastic changes at its us investment banking arm, credit suisse first boston csfb .
4			windows	computer	game	application	gaming	software	technology	evolution	microsoft	linux			firefox 1.0 released microsoft 's internet explorer has a serious rival in the long awaited firefox 1.0 web browser, which has just been released. few people get excited when some new software is released, especially when the program is not a game or a music or movie player.
4			electronics	battery	computer	television	technology	silicon	intel	linux			intel switches off lcos tv chip intel said today it has decided to cancel its project to develop an lcos liquid crystal on silicon chip that would bring down the cost of rear projection televisions.
4			mobile	battery	electronics	motorola	mobility	technology	money	phone			update 6: motorola expands cell phone market niche motorola inc. says it 's ready to make inroads in the cell phone market after posting a third straight strong quarter and rolling out a series of new handsets in time for the holiday selling season.
4			computer	business	java	software	privacy	technology	networking	email	linux			jan baan launches web services firm the enterprise software legend shifts his attention to web services. say hello to start up cordys and its integration software.
4			network	ethernet	wireless	technology	internet	broadband	telecommunication	networking			cingular tips hand on wireless broadband, 3g plans cingular will not only roll out a 3g umts cellular data network next year, but it also will use even faster wireless technology that will compete, at least in part, with wireless broadband technologies like wimax.
4			computer	chip	intel	technology	apple	silicon	security	linux			intel says it's recovered from missteps intel corp. will miss its 2004 product cost reduction targets because of a widely publicized string of product delays and problems, but those missteps are largely behind it now, the world's largest chip maker said on tuesday.
4			network	mobility	networking	technology	internet	multimedia			qualcomm to build $ 800m us wireless media network mobile multimedia content will get its own nationwide network in the us by 2006 if an $ 800m 435m project by qualcomm goes according to plan.
1			politics	intelligence	democracy	kidnapping	terrorism	nuts			us vice president deems kerry's approach to fight against terror 'nuts' us vice president dick cheney in an interview dismissed john kerry's approach to safeguarding us national security as nuts, adding that the democratic presidential candidate would leave the united states less secure were he to win the white house.
1			politics	controversy	violence	chaos	corruption	scandal	change	bullying	money	education			turmoil grips elite school over money and leaders a debate is festering among graduates and parents at st. paul's, an elite school in new hampshire, with critics accusing trustees and the rector of mismanagement.
4			ibm	computer	technology	economics	machine	networking	patent	computing	industry			ibm builds worlds fastest computer a partially assembled prototype of a new ibm supercomputer set a record of 70.72 trillion transactions per second earlier this week.
3			legacy	history	business	retirement	technology	finance	innovation	bankruptcy	money			business: legacy costs washington post business columnist steven pearlstein will be online to talk about his latest column, which looks at the possibility that the big three automakers may wind up in the throes of a death spiral.
4			device	chip	ethernet	intel	wireless	technology	networking	silicon	linux			rosedale chips fuel intel 's wimax drive intel corp. expects its first generation wimax chips to spawn devices for wireless broadband end users that cost less than $ 200 and won 't require a visit
4			mobile	electronics	network	technology	content	multimedia	media			skorea 's lg elec develops mobile phones capable of receiving media ... lg electronics inc said it has developed what it claims to be the world 's first mobile handset capable of receiving terrestrial digital multimedia broadcasts dmb , setting the ground to lead a new multimedia mobile handset market combining
3			income	tobacco	revenue	sale	growth	profit	competition	money	industry			british american tobacco sees profit rise british american tobacco plc posted a 60 percent jump in third quarter net profit tuesday, thanks partly to lower taxation charges.
4			computer	manufacturing	programming	software	technology	automation	innovation	productivity	industry			business software firms shed more jobs commerce one and manugistics cut staff, as software makers grapple with industry upheaval.
3			business	data	oracle	database	ibm	accounting	reliability	industry			oracle quarterly profit rises on software demand oracle orcl tuesday reported a 16 rise in quarterly net income as the world 's second largest software company benefited from steady demand for its flagship database software.
4			electronics	technology	smartphone	nokia	camera	photography	phone			sch s250 phone has 5 megapixel camera samsung electronics has showcased a mobile phone that integrates a 5 megapixel digital camera. at present the highest resolution camera phones have 3 megapixel class image sensors.
3			business	china	software	technology	company	oracle	strategy	industry			oracle aims for users from start to grid enterprise software giant oracle corp. may be known for big plans and bold moves but when it comes to capturing the european market the redwood shores, california, company has realized it also has to think small.
4			technology	automation	robotic	robot			robot helps police arrest murder suspect a robot helped police nab a murder suspect who had eluded westomoreland county authorities for three months.
4			application	collaboration	software	technology	integration	solution	networking	analytics			pushes integration hosted crm service provider took another step forward last week in its strategy to build an online ecosystem of vendors that offer software as a service.
4			ibm	business	manufacturing	hardware	microsoft	technology	hp	patent	linux			hp execs: supply chain, order processing hurt u.s. q3 results a week after shaking up its enterprise hardware business following a poor showing last quarter, hewlett packard put its best face forward before more than 7,000 customers and partners at the hp world conference in chicago.
2			coaching	bentley	history	espn	basketball	sport	football	coach			bentley hoping to avoid getting tripped up by post a year ago, the bentley falcons ended c.w. post's two year reign as northeast 10 conference football champions. now the pioneers have a chance to return the favor. sitting atop the conference standings, c.w. post 4 1, 4 0 hosts bentley tomorrow and can inflict serious damage on any hopes the falcons have of repeating.
4			network	technology	wireless	internet	ip	broadband			vonage teams with netgear on voip tech according to a june 2004 report by industry research firm in stat mdr, more than 10 percent of all broadband subscribers will use broadband ip telephony by the end of 2008.
4			product	business	network	technology	solution	company	service	topic			plenty to learn about services conference focuses on challenges in services sector, such as how irritating web based self service can be.
4			computer	technology	mit	machine	robot	ibm	computing	linux			ibm has created a monster a half built supercomputer being built for the us government by ibm, already has a run at the title of the worlds fastest even though it is only partially complete.
4			radio	network	technology	wireless	communication	telecommunication			nextel to assist u.s. navy nextel communications to supply u.s. based u.s. navy personnel with cell phones, voice minutes and wireless data plans.
1			politics	violence	democracy	war	peace	terrorism	genocide			un puts arms ban on ivory coast do you think i am going to leave my country with no air defence? gbagbo said in an interview on. siding with the rebels in drafting the council text.
4			technology	evolution	marketing	performance	strategy	innovation	ai	intel	security	industry			intel looks to clarify strategy, execution intel corp. will look to a multicore future during the fall intel developer forum idf in san francisco next week as it tries to leave behind a tumultuous year plagued by product delays and road map revisions.
1			election	britain	politics	democracy	unemployment	corruption	money	resignation	politician			british home secretary resigns tony eastley: in britain, prime minister tony blair 's election hopes have been dealt a blow with the resignation of his home secretary, david blunkett.
4			electronics	computer	gaming	fighting	technology	car	robot	security			battling robots in japan's pop culture tech the ring sits in the spotlight of a tense, packed auditorium and the jittery fighters await the bell at their red and blue corners. like any fight, there's always the danger of a punishing uppercut or left hook. but these boxers have even more worries like battery failure and software bugs.
4			job	computer	business	microsoft	technology	innovation	networking	office	email			news in brief new this month: office 2003 gets tweaked; sidekick gets thinner and flashier; more powerful wireless networking is on the way; and hard drive based digital music players offer long battery life and lots of storage.
2			coaching	baseball	retirement	sport	race	football	money			nfl: miami 's wannstedt quit to avoid being focal point dave wannstedt tried to steer the miami dolphins through a lot of obstacles this season, but he finally found one distraction he couldn 't overcome: worried that the heat surrounding his job status
4			science	computer	engineering	technology	mit	robot	innovation	physics			prototype keyboards go against type if you attended last week's emerging technologies conference at the massachusetts institute of technology, you probably weren't on the lookout for ways to become a better typist. this is mit, after all rocket science central. couldn't they offer something more challenging?
2			britain	boxing	england	game	athletics	sport	football	wales	hero			heroes get warm welcome bbc sport's dan warren joins the fans as they welcome home team gb from the olympics.
2			mobile	baseball	india	sport	football	cricket	money			vodafone, england cricket sponsor, misses out during tournament england 's cricket players started their champions trophy match without vodafone group plc 's logo on their uniforms for the first time this year because the world 's biggest mobile phone
4			trend	music	technology	marketing	competition	industry			u.s. ringtones market slow to connect with a possible billion dollar windfall at stake, u.s. music companies are eagerly awaiting the full blown development of the stateside ringtone market.
3			business	trend	sale	technology	marketing	performance	growth	bankruptcy	retail			circuit city's sales short circuit the company reports a decline in same store sales for the third quarter.
4			windows	computer	software	privacy	technology	microsoft	security	linux			microsoft to release next windows in '06 microsoft corp. will drop a much touted new technology for organizing and storing data when it releases the next version of its windows operating system as expected in 2006.
3			income	revenue	sale	company	stock	growth	profit	corporation	earnings			update 6: hewlett packard shares up on earnings news hewlett packard co. 's shares rose more than 4 percent wednesday as investors reacted to its report a day earlier that earnings rose 26.5 percent in the fourth quarter, led by record revenue growth across all of the computer giant 's business units
4			job	statistics	manufacturing	trend	unemployment	technology	tech	innovation	industry			study finds dramatic rise in loss of tech jobs job trimming at technology companies took off during the past three months, according to a new report. announced job cuts in the technology sector hit 54,701 in the third quarter, up 60 percent from the second
1			politics	election	campaign	war	strategy	advertising	money			campaigns spending little on web ads the presidential ad war online is beginning to look more like a skirmish.
4			mobile	business	india	mobility	technology	nokia	company	innovation	industry			nokia plots enterprise move phone maker nokia has detailed moves that it hopes will make it the supplier of choice for mobile email and messaging devices for corporates.
4			mobile	mobility	investing	wireless	smartphone	privacy	technology	blackberry	money			cingular wireless plans to sell interactive unit cingular wireless said monday that it plans to sell a wireless data network that supports about a quarter of the world 's blackberry users to a new york based fund manager.
4			pc	dell	computer	linux	hardware	software	technology	hp	pcs	windows			dell offers media center on the cheap pc maker promotion lets customers upgrade from windows xp home to windows xp media center edition for half the price.
2			basketball	sport	talent	woman			u.s. women show dream team how it's done three teammates, three olympics, three gold medals. dawn staley, lisa leslie, sheryl swoopes...
4			security	computer	stealth	hacking	safety	privacy	technology	encryption	surveillance			ibm puts security at your fingertips thinkpad t42 series notebooks now feature an embedded fingerprint reader.
4			mobile	network	india	technology	smartphone	nokia	industry			after false starts, 3g mobile service set for take off with most technical issues resolved and giants like vodafone plc signing up customers, 2005 could be the year when third generation 3g mobile services finally gain a global audience.
2			coaching	baseball	statistics	espn	basketball	sport	rule	football	strategy	competition			pool is much less crowded let the arguments begin. the first bowl championship series rankings are due out in a few weeks and the number of unbeaten teams is shrinking rapidly.
4			business	privacy	technology	marketing	advertising	google			ask jeeves serves it your way it's a busy day at ask jeeves with the announcement of several new services and enhancements, including the launch of a new personalized search tool and a major upgrade of the company's teoma search engine.
4			ibm	computer	manufacturing	technology	innovation	patent	security	industry			ibm taps rfid midmarket despite significant rfid adoption from the biggest companies, ibm is turning its attention to the midmarket.
1			election	politics	war	democracy	iraq	afghanistan	terrorism	defence	security			into the danger zone australia s involvement in iraq and terrorism strikes in southeast asia have made defence and national security potentially decisive issues for voters as polling day nears.
2			nigeria	baseball	life	basketball	soccer	sport	football			life in the fast lane a year ago freddy adu attended major league soccer 's championship game at the home depot center and was introduced to the media, having just signed with the league at age 14.
4			ibm	computer	technology	storage	performance	patent	availability	computing	linux			ibm blue gene supercomputer goes on sale ibm 's record trouncing blue gene supercomputer will now be available with commercial configurations ranging from one to 64 racks.
2			baseball	television	college	espn	basketball	sport	football	education			espn launching college sports initiative espn will launch a new multimedia college sports initiative in march 2005 that includes a new 24 hour television network and content from and espn the magazine.
4			mobile	electronics	battery	device	india	mobility	technology	smartphone	nokia			sales of handheld devices dip for third straight quarter the report blames a drop in shipments from market leader palmone and market consolidation highlighted by a near complete exit of top vendors sony and toshiba from international competition.
3			technology	billion	stock	growth	finance	competition	money	security	merger			wall st looks to build on fresh highs wall street futures crept higher on wednesday, as investors looked to build on the previous sessions fresh highs and attention turned to the $ 35bn merger between telecommunications
4			industry	computer	linux	technology	marketing	dvd	sony			singulus to support blu ray disc mass production tokyo blu ray disc will take an important step forward next year when singulus technologies ag begins selling machines for mass producing read only versions of the discs, the company said this week.
4			computer	computing	network	ethernet	technology	storage	networking	security	linux			storage gear takes the spotlight storage vendors from ibm and dell to mcdata and brocade on monday showed off their newest hardware and software at storage networking world, the trade show and conference that runs in orlando, fla.
2			baseball	patriot	brady	sport	football			even with a patchwork secondary, the patriots just keep on winning as both the weeks and the wins pile up for the patriots, the more preposterous it becomes. already it 's as farfetched and fanciful as anything that has happened in the nfl this season, ben roethlisberger 's magic carpet ride included.
3			acquisition	business	investor	banking	investing	finance	bankruptcy	competition	money	security			update 5: schwab sells division to ubs for $ 265m backpedaling from a recent expansion, charles schwab corp. is selling an institutional investment and research division to swiss banking giant ubs ag for $ 265 million, another step in the struggling stock brokerage 's push to regain its main street appeal.
4			trend	technology	economics	tech	growth	finance	innovation	dow	industry			falling dow hits markets shares are set for a bumpy ride after wall street lost ground on the weekend, derailed by weak us jobs data and a poor prognosis from intel which sparked worries for the health of the tech sector.
1			politics	election	result	democracy	polling	poll	corruption	candidate	afghanistan			karzai team '100 percent sure' of victory despite irregularities probe hamid karzai's campaign team said it was 100 percent sure of victory in afghanistan's first presidential election, even though the final result cannot be declared until complaints from all candidates are investigated and the last vote is counted.
4			computer	linux	manufacturing	technology	innovation	semiconductor	silicon	intel	industry			power cuts key for intel at 65 nanometers intel corp.'s 65 nanometer process technology will not be very different from its 90 nanometer process technology, which should help make for a smoother transition between the two manufacturing techniques in 2005, according to a briefing from an intel manufacturing executive last week.
4			software	palm	technology	smartphone	apple	phone	linux			new palm operating system targets smart phones the maker of palm operating systems for handheld computers plans to introduce new software tomorrow to serve as the brains for so called smart phones.
2			coaching	baseball	basketball	soccer	sport	football	coach			put me in, coach! coach joins the s p 500, and others stand to benefit from the leather in the weather.
1			election	america	politics	history	life	democracy	sport	football	debate			sports and politics on tuesday, millions of americans will decide whether george w. bush or john f. kerry will be president of the united states for the next four years.
4			contract	collaboration	incentive	technology	partnership	innovation	logistics	linux			workers to wield linux rfid devices rfid deals are really flying at the frontline show. in one agreement, linux handheld terminals will come together with wireless emulation for the enterprise. through another, three it firms will support beaver street fisheries' bid to move rfid a step beyond mere compliance.
3			revenue	ceo	business	company	growth	profit	money	earnings	industry			update 4 general dynamics profit jumps, hikes full year view defense contractor general dynamics corp. gd.n: quote, profile, research on wednesday said its quarterly earnings surged 23 percent helped by a rebound of its
1			election	politics	democrat	result	democracy	voting	polling	corruption	politician			glum day for hong kong democrats a series of tactical errors, with peculiarities in the voting process, prevented democracy advocates here from winning as many seats as expected in sunday 's legislative
4			job	statistics	trend	technology	economics	company	tech	innovation	intel	industry			tech stocks end slightly higher on intel us technology stocks ended up slightly on friday, lifted by a higher sales forecast from bellwether intel corp. intc.o: quote, profile, research , while a disappointing jobs report capped blue chip gains.
1			election	politics	voting	bush	debate	mccain			bush, kerry open final debate in arizona president bush and challenger john kerry opened their third and final debate on wednesday as each candidate hoped to stamp a last favorable impression on millions of voters before elecion day...
2			baseball	soccer	athletics	boston	sport	golf	football	money			dilboy field to get a facelift the concrete is crumbling, trees have grown through the bleachers, and the restrooms are unusable. but thanks to $ 8 million included in the supplemental state budget signed by governor mitt romney yesterday, somerville's dilboy field has a bright future.
4			computer	technology	ip	copyright	patent	intel	linux			nvidia, intel sign cross license deal nvidia corp., a maker of computer video cards, on friday said it inked a multiyear patent cross licensing agreement with intel corp.
2			baseball	nike	sport	race	football	competition	money	cycling			nike 's knight resigns as ceo the co founder of the athletic shoe and clothing company is stepping down as president and ceo, with his resignation taking effect dec. 28.
1			politics	america	election	history	democracy	privacy	information	freedom			digital agenda: 10 facts you should know about broadband president bush and sen. john kerry's positions on the issue are closer than anticipated.
1			election	britain	politics	government	democracy	immigration	ireland	strategy			governments response due soon the two governments are hoping to respond to queries tabled by the dup and sinn fein over the british irish proposals on restoring devolution by friday.
2			coaching	baseball	basketball	soccer	sport	athletics	football	athlete	washington			no mistaking identity lavar arrington, washington d.c.'s most popular athlete, has endeared himself to the area with a hard hitting style of linebacking and a soft touch with the fans.
4			computer	hacking	privacy	technology	copyright	security	linux			us files suit against alleged spyware distributor officials in the us are cracking down on an alleged distributor of internet spyware. in the first suit of its kind, the us federal trade commission ftc claims seismic entertainment and smartbot, secretly installs programs on a users computer without
4			mobile	wireless	technology	smartphone	microsoft	nokia	phone			nokia adds smartner email and hints at more nokia corp has unveiled plans to bring smartner information systems oy 's mobile email and personal information management offering to its latest communicators.
4			privacy	technology	broadband	internet	telecommunication	competition	speed	education			fcc approves fiber optic broadband rules federal regulators approved new rules thursday aimed at making high speed internet available to more americans but critics complained the move will hinder competition in broadband services and keep prices high.
3			product	application	business	java	software	company	patent	industry			jboss takes on business process management jboss profile, products, articles inc. has added business process management bpm to its growing roster of open source software.
4			mobile	electronics	battery	mobility	wireless	technology	car	phone			motorola to build cell phones into ski jackets motorola inc. said it will unveil plans this week for a line of outerwear that uses interactive cell phone and portable music technology in snowboarding jackets, in a bid to win over twentysomethings.
2			baseball	yankee	angel	sport	boston	football			plunkings strike a sour note they may never be mistaken for the boys from the bronx as boston 's archrivals. but the devil rays picked up last night where the yankees
2			baseball	olympics	soccer	sport	germany	football	tennis	woman			olympics german women beat swedes to take bronze germany beat sweden 1 0 in a repeat of the 2003 world cup final to take olympic bronze in the women 's soccer tournament on thursday.
3			business	trend	sale	technology	marketing	company	website	competition			webex adds sales center for sales professionals webex communications inc. is expanding its web conferencing service with an offering designed for sales professionals, the company plans to announce on monday.
4			computer	ceo	gaming	gate	technology	microsoft	ai	computing	windows			gates to unveil media center pcs microsoft chairman bill gates on tuesday will take center stage at los angeles shrine auditorium, home of the emmy awards, to herald his vision for the next big thing in computing.
4			network	ethernet	technology	standard	networking	security	linux			network emulator eases wan pain company says replicating network latency, bandwidth and packet loss problems enables better lab testing.
2			coaching	baseball	chicago	retirement	jazz	basketball	sport	football	retiring			seven time all star scottie pippen calls it quits seven time all star and six time world champion scottie pippen announced his retirement from the chicago bulls tuesday.
2			coaching	volleyball	basketball	sport	football	performance	coach	vs	class			tough task reveals character the blue devils 81 74 victory over michigan state perfectly depicted the cast of characters on the duke squad. specifically, the role each upperclassman performed in this early season test
1			politics	america	election	war	democracy	violence	corruption	iran	iraq	terrorism			also from this section news reports on iraq paint a picture of a country trapped in a cycle of violence and destruction. the sceptics and nay sayers don 't believe iraqis are ready for democracy.
4			network	privacy	technology	broadband	internet	wireless	telecommunication	networking	email			sbc offering $ 2 wi fi access sbc communications said monday it will offer high speed wireless access for $ 2 a month to customers of the company 's dsl internet service.
3			ceo	sale	management	marketing	loss	profit	finance	money			uk: m s reports lower profit, reshuffles management uk food and clothing retailer marks spencer has reported lower profits for the first half, and announced management changes as it tries to turn around its business.
1			election	politics	democrat	result	democracy	voting	candidate	voter	politician			vote shakes hong kong democrats for hong kong 's democracy activists, the results of legislative elections announced yesterday suggest that the deck will remain stacked against them for years to come.
4			computer	desktop	computing	linux	hardware	technology	security	windows			alienware reveals 4ghz desktop keeleysam writes cnet is reporting that alienware is going to ship a 4ghz desktop. the new area 51 alx, introduced on friday, uses overclocking, or the practice of pushing a processor past its factory
1			politics	election	campaign	transparency	rule	limit	fraud	money	ethics			'soft money' groups face new ground rules interest groups spending big donations on ads and voter outreach in the presidential race will face new limits after the fall election under rules approved by federal regulators. campaign watchdogs criticized them as too little, too late.
4			transportation	network	mobility	technology	philadelphia	broadband	wireless	communication	telecommunication	carrier			verizon deal lets philadelphia move with wireless plan the city of philadelphia has reached an agreement with verizon communications inc. that will let the municipal government deploy a citywide wi fi network, but a carrier backed bill that would let incumbent carriers block such projects has been signed into law by pennsylvania's governor.
2			coaching	utah	basketball	sport	recruiting	football	coach			uf coaches coming, going during a day of new beginnings, florida and its fired coach will each launch the start of fresh chapters today. in the same afternoon, utah coach urban meyer will meet his
1			election	politics	campaign	rule	tactic	money			new rules for 'soft money' groups in 2006 non party groups spending millions of dollars in unlimited donations on ads and get out the vote drives in this year's presidential race will face some new ground rules starting with the 2006 election.
2			baseball	team	hockey	nhl	trade	sport	football	player	attendance			nhl players, owners to meet in bid to salvage season national hockey league owners will meet with representatives from the players union on thursday in what is seen as a final bid to end a lockout and save the nhl season.
4			electronics	radio	technology	communication	licensing	copyright	telecommunication	patent	industry			patent fight may slow radio tags as a standards setting body readies a protocol for radio frequency identification, known as rfid, a bid for royalties from a holder of critical patents has threatened to disrupt the smooth rollout of a technology that could spawn one of the decade's biggest industries.
4			product	india	china	manufacturing	production	price	technology	cost	industry			texas instruments raises output american chipmaker texas instruments philippines inc. tipi is spending as much as p16.95 billion or $ 300 million over the next two to three years to expand the production output of its
2			mlb	baseball	statistics	television	postseason	espn	sport	football	playoff			sportsnetwork game preview the houston astros have never won a playoff series in franchise history. winners of 13 straight division titles, the atlanta braves are also hoping to break a division series jinx.
4			statistics	technology	growth	research	money	silicon	industry			after the bell applied materials rises after earnings new york, aug 17 reuters shares of applied materials inc. amat.o: quote, profile, research , the largest maker of chip making tools, rose after the bell on tuesday after the company said healthy spending on new semiconductor factories more than ...
4			ibm	computer	business	microsoft	technology	patent	email	industry			ibm to expand data centers across world p p p by duncan martell p p san francisco reuters ibm is expanding and adding newtechnology to 11 of its data centers in north america, europeand asia to meet growing demand and rolled out new services tocustomers, the world's largest computer company said late onthursday. p
1			election	politics	war	democracy	voting	iran	iraq	afghanistan	terrorism			more u.s. troops to go to iraq for elections iraq's president on wednesday insisted elections should go ahead next month as planned and the united states said it would send thousands more soldiers to provide extra security for the ballot.
1			politics	election	racing	race	car	horse	money	number			it 's neck and neck at polls for horse of the year bids up to your eyeballs in elec tion returns? perhaps a review of saturday 's pari mutuel returns from the 21st running of the breeders cup will make all those dizzying electoral permutations seem like losing mega millions numbers.
4			brand	product	trend	technology	marketing	fashion	accessories	industry			after bell: hot topic falls, micromuse up shares of clothing retailer hot topic hott.o: quote, profile, research fell nearly 10 percent in extended hours trading on monday after it cut its fourth quarter earnings forecast, citing lackluster sales of accessories.
3			business	trend	sale	competition	obesity			krispy kreme in new sticky mess shares in krispy kreme doughnuts have plummeted by almost 20 after the firm announced a quarterly loss of $ 3m due to store closures and poor sales.
3			business	revenue	technology	company	growth	finance	industry			earnings alert: linux os sales boost novell plus: salesforce quarterly revenue rises...write downs widen directv's warner net income phone unit shores up verizon.
3			gm	business	sale	sears	marketing	shopping	money			new hire amounts to sears shakeup the sears roebuck and co. pr team had its cue cards close at hand on monday, ready to read off rote answers to some of the more delicate but obvious concerns related to the arrival of luis padilla as the retailing giant 's new president of merchandising.
2			coaching	shoe	brown	basketball	sport	health			brown returns to steer pistons past timberwolves there was an elevated chair in front of the detroit pistons bench for head coach larry brown and his still on the mend left hip. it was there to provide him with added
2			coaching	baseball	hockey	soccer	basketball	sport	athletics	football	competition			tough trio intends to stick it out the fearsome threesome of north andover , watertown , and amesbury will again prove that the division 2 label doesn't indicate second rate field hockey.
4			computer	manufacturing	chip	biotechnology	storage	technology	performance	patent	memory	industry			elpida may raise as much as 102 bln yen in initial share sale elpida memory inc., japan 's largest manufacturer of memory chips, plans to raise as much as 102 billion yen $ 954 million in an initial public offering to help finance the construction of a new plant.
4			computer	government	privacy	technology	communication	telecommunication	money	email	security			at&t unit to build network for treasury at&t government solutions said yesterday it has won a contract worth as much as $ 1 billion to provide a high speed communications network to the treasury department.
1			politics	controversy	history	democracy	political	censorship	criticism	terrorism	ethics	propaganda			a simple plan some here might remember a time when kuro5hin was full of arguably interesting commentary, articles, and diaries. today, by contrast, it is about half crapflooding and other inane drivel and half arguably interesting commentary, or at least commentary written with an earnest intent to be interesting. how can that situation be rectified? and why should we care? within, i discuss these two questions drawing from observation of the daily kos ignoring its political nature if we can .
4			electronics	computer	software	car	technology	repair	linux			you broke it. who fixes it? apple thinks do it yourself pc repair is the wave of the future. but another pc maker has other ideas.
2			coaching	baseball	volleyball	athletics	sport	basketball	golf	football	coach			lou henson will resume coaching saturday lou henson will return to coaching but will be in a wheelchair when new mexico state plays north texas on saturday.
4			mobile	software	technology	networking	patent	ios	security	linux			qualcomm buys uk 3g software developer trigenix qualcomm inc. has bought trigenix, a british startup specializing in software that lets mobile network operators adjust the menus on handsets, for $ 36 million in cash.
2			football	number			fellow jets are getting to know no. 89 it has become a recurring part of the practice field banter at jets training camp. jerricho cotchery, the rookie wide receiver, hauls in another bomb on a post route or makes another touchdown catch, and ...
4			virus	computer	hacking	privacy	technology	security			what 's inside your computer? study finds spyware, viruses ... natalia rudiak of carrick could not figure out why her trusted laptop was acting sluggish and sometimes unresponsive. then it crashed, and she was forced to find
2			politics	baseball	basketball	sport	football	money			read all about it, rebels tough when a newspaper dubbed walpole little more than a speed bump for oliver ames in the division 2 state tournament last season, there was no one giddier to read that than walpole coach stacy bilodeau.
4			electronics	hacking	technology	standard	innovation	patent	ethics	industry			ethics code written to reprogram tech industry hewlett packard, ibm and dell joined a host of electronics makers thursday in an effort to promote a unified code of socially responsible business practices across the world.
3			politics	industry	business	london	terrorism	money	banking	fear			head of mi5 warns business to guard against terrorism the head of britain 's security services has called on business to play a greater role in combating the threat of terrorism. eliza manningham buller, the
4			computer	device	mobility	technology	storage	semiconductor	ibm	gateway	silicon	windows			gateway computers to be sold through micro center computer manufacturer gateway has added micro center to the list of retailers selling its new line of retail notebooks, desktops and monitors.
4			linux	ethernet	wireless	technology	networking	intel	security	reliability			intel formally introduces tri mode wi fi chip as expected, intelintroduced its tri mode wireless chip thursday with several software enhancements to the product to help improve security and reliability, it said during a webcast.
4			mobile	device	india	mobility	technology	smartphone	nokia	linux			palmone rolls out new treo smartphone palmone has introduced the treo 650 smartphone, the successor to its treo 600. the new model includes a brighter screen, bluetooth connectivity, support for next generation gsm gprs networks
4			electronics	computer	engineering	europe	aviation	airbus	technology	innovation	aerospace			the old world becomes a little newer europe has long been an innovation leader. centuries ago, johannes gutenberg revolutionized practically everything with his technological marvel, the printing press. europe's modern day innovators have changed how we work and play with inventions such as compact disks, the world wide web, and the linux operating system. today, engineers at airbus are pushing the envelope with the world's biggest commercial aircraft, the 600 seat, double decker a380 superjumbo...
4			mobile	mobility	email	technology	wireless	networking	ios			ixi mobile joins forces with at wireless to launch ogot redwood city, ca, 28 september 2004 ixi mobile and its ixi connect os software have been selected by at wireless for ogo, at wireless hip, new mobile messaging device.
1			election	politics	president	government	democracy	corruption	power	africa			mozambicans hope elections to bring better life, no matter who ... mondlane will join in some eight million mozambicans wednesday morning to cast a ballot for their future a new president will be chosen to lead the country for the next five years.
3			business	ceo	ca	privacy	company	finance	accounting	money	industry			ca posts q2 loss on restitution charges computer associates international inc. yesterday reported a 6 increase in revenue during its second fiscal quarter but posted a $ 94 million loss after paying to settle government investigations into the company.
4			application	technology	microsoft	networking	ibm	email	industry			ibm adds rfid capabilities to websphere products ibm today unveiled new software to help companies integrate radio frequency identification rfid capabilities into their it systems, including a new server application that brings rfid benefits to existing ibm point of
2			politics	life	olympics	athletics	sport	football	athlete	money			sharing the gold after years of sacrificing, athletes don 't come to the olympics to put self interest aside; they come to be no. 1. get all of today 's headlines, or alerts on specific topics.
3			revenue	data	sale	technology	storage	loss	profit	industry			emc third quarter net jumps emc corp. , the top maker of corporate data storage equipment, on tuesday reported quarterly profit jumped amid market share gains against rival storage suppliers.
4			science	biotechnology	technology	evolution	tech	innovation	research	physics			new x prize sets sights on science, technology and social ... the x prize foundation and the world technology network announced today the formation of a joint venture to launch a series of technology incentive prizes to help spur innovation and breakthroughs in a range of scientific arenas.
4			processor	computer	linux	hardware	performance	networking	intel	computing	server			microsoft clarifies multicore processor software licensing microsoft gave some encouraging news for it managers considering future server hardware based on multicore processors. both intel and amd are developing multicore chips, which pack two processors onto a single
3			insurance	technology	company	growth	profit	loss	money	industry			brookstone posts a narrower loss brookstone inc. bkst.o , a retailer specializing in gadgets and personal electronics, on wednesday posted a narrower quarterly loss on strong father's day sales and raised its profit forecast for the full year.
3			politics	business	investor	speculation	investing	stock	growth	finance	money			stocks finish strong on election, earnings money flooded back into stocks this week as investors embraced a swift end to the presidential election, strong corporate earnings and good economic news.
4			writing	computer	literature	writer	technology	book	author			unlocking the chip's inner hemingway can computers get along fine without writers? word is they just might. in an essay in the new york times...
3			industry	trading	trade	trend	price	market	stock	retail	security	merger			stocks higher on retail data, mergers u.s. stocks rose on monday following a pickup in merger activity in the software and telecom sectors and better than expected retail sales in november, which signaled an uptick in consumer spending.
3			economy	business	unemployment	economics	growth	finance	energy	money	recession	industry			ge lights up as its sales explode general electric brought a strong economy to life yesterday. the nation 's largest company, which by its presence in such a variety of businesses is considered a proxy for the broad economy, reported profit rose 11 to $ 4.
4			wikipedia	computer	engineering	journal	research	technology	automation	patent	engineer			an exceptionally eevl search resource one of the most respected engineering gateways on the web has just released four new databases providing free access to hundreds of online scientific and technical journals.
1			politics	election	computer	democracy	technology	money			will the us election matter to the it sector? analysis only slightly if at all
3			america	business	china	greed	growth	profit	bankruptcy	money			more pain coming at tenet news research continued to test the nerves of its daring shareholder corps monday, predicting a wider than expected fourth quarter loss, a billion dollar writedown and another weak year in 2005.
4			authentication	hacking	privacy	technology	identity	fraud	security			online identity theft: many medicines, no cure anti phishing applications, smart cards, and new authentication technologies are vying for your support.
3			job	staff	employee	ceo	management	technology	productivity	security	industry			business software firms shed more jobs software companies commerce one and manugistics each announced on friday plans to cut staff, the latest round of layoffs in a dismal business software market.
2			statistics	sport	nfl	kicking	kicker	football			compete against your friends, si experts and celebrities in this ... the tennessee titans will have a kicker on hand for saturday 's season opener at miami, and it won 't be the nfl 's career scoring leader gary anderson.
3			revenue	business	technology	company	growth	competition	industry			nortel warns it now expects 2004 revenue growth will trail its ... nortel networks shares fell thursday after the troubled telecom equipment maker warned that its full year growth in 2004 will likely trail the industry, rather than outperform its peers as the company has been predicting.
4			electronics	battery	computer	electricity	ac	technology	edison	power	energy	reliability			dell recalls nearly a million laptop ac adapters if you own a dell laptop, you might want to check out the type of ac adapter that it uses. that is because the company has decided to recall nearly a million ac adapters because of a potential fire and electrical shock hazard.
2			coaching	baseball	contract	espn	basketball	athletics	sport	recruiting	football	money			mississippi state extends croom contract mississippi state has extended the contract of head football coach sylvester croom, keeping him with the university through the 2008 season.
4			network	connectivity	mobility	privacy	technology	broadband	internet	telecommunication	networking	speed			survey notes rise in u.s. broadband users the number of americans who get on the internet via high speed lines has now equaled the number using dial up connections.
2			baseball	retirement	basketball	sport	fatigue	football	health	indianapolis			colts thrive in grueling four game stretch indianapolis colts defensive tackle montae reagor could feel the weariness long before thursday's game at detroit. the constant hits, the barrage of meetings, the quick pivots from game plan to game plan had already worn down his body and mind.
4			history	technology	cisco	innovation	networking	reliability	industry			cisco turns 20 when cisco systems unveiled its latest and greatest network router in may, it trumpeted the event as a watershed. having grown from start up to industry behemoth over the past two decades, the company claimed
3			income	revenue	ceo	heinz	company	profit	productivity	money	earnings			heinz profit rises, shares higher ketchup maker hj heinz co. hnz.n: quote, profile, research on tuesday said quarterly profit rose 7.8 percent, excluding a year earlier tax benefit, as demand for new products
3			revenue	price	sale	technology	performance	growth	profit	earnings	industry			national trims sales expectations national semiconductor has lowered its revenue expectations for its second business quarter. the new guidance for the quarter calls for revenues to range from $ 445m to $ 450m, down about 18 per cent to 19 per cent sequentially.
3			income	sale	stock	growth	finance	bank	profit	money	earnings			lloyds tsb says profit will fall 23 after unit sales lloyds tsb group plc, the uk 's fifth largest bank by assets, said annual pretax profit may fall 23 percent, after earnings doubled last year on proceeds from the sale of its businesses in new zealand and brazil.
3			job	investing	company	growth	finance	bankruptcy	competition	money	earnings	industry			state street says it will cut 425 jobs state street corp. said it will eliminate 425 jobs as a cost cutting move after the financial firm yesterday reported a weak third quarter in which earnings fell 13 percent because of a sharp drop off in lending and trading activities in securities markets.
1			politics	election	democracy	polling	poll	telecommunication	phone			phone choices may affect polls political polling outfits exclude cell phone users from this year's presidential surveys. but a new survey indicates that mobile phone users are a distinct voting group whose ballot preferences might not be reflected in traditional polls. by elisa batista.
2			mascot	boxing	animation	baseball	game	basketball	sport	football			world cup mascot goleo vi makes tv debut a puppet lion designed with the help of the jim henson company and going by the name of goleo vi will be the official mascot of the 2006 world cup.
2			baseball	controversy	trade	basketball	soccer	sport	marketing	football	money			nicol's worth to be determined the los angeles galaxy recently fired coach sigi schmid while the team was in first place. last week, newly founded chivas usa went across the country to hire thomas rongen. the moves were not totally unrelated. they created controversy and stimulated interest, which is bound to increase as the teams will be sharing the home depot center as their home ...
4			business	technology	marketing	communication	networking	email			sbc to combine e mail, voicemail and faxes it's what executives of sbc communications inc. sbc call their vision for the future: combining voicemail, e mail and incoming fax messages in one system that can be accessed on the web or on the phone...
2			coaching	baseball	statistics	espn	basketball	sport	recruiting	football	competition			another good bcs debacle? the purpose of the bcs is to match the nation 's top two college football teams in an end of season bowl game for the national championship.
4			network	connectivity	mobility	privacy	technology	broadband	internet	networking	speed			half of us web users now on broadband report more than half of all us residential internet users reached the web via fast broadband connections in july, outpacing use of slower, dial up connections for the first time
3			trading	trend	company	market	stock	growth	finance	money	industry			stocks rise; nasdaq, s p at 3 month highs stocks rose sharply on friday in heavy trading as software company peoplesoft inc. and chip related stocks boosted the nasdaq and standard poor 's 500 indexes to their highest closes in about three months.
3			acquisition	ceo	business	microsoft	marketing	strategy	consolidation	merger			microsoft ceo: merger strategy unchanged microsoft corp. is still targeting smaller companies for acquisitions, despite speculation that now scuttled merger talks with business software giant sap ag signaled a shift in strategy, chief executive steve ballmer said on tuesday.
4			cable	network	telecom	technology	internet	broadband	communication	telecommunication	networking	money			alcatel wins $ 1.7 billion network deal paris alcatel, the world 's largest provider of broadband internet equipment, won a $ 1.7 billion order to build a fiber optic network for sbc communications, the companies said thursday.
2			baseball	pittsburgh	steelers	sport	nfl	football			steelers set their sights it usually comes down to one or two plays each sunday, and for the last 13 months, the new england patriots have made them all. its an incredible feat, but one the pittsburgh
4			electronics	computer	printing	publishing	privacy	technology	copyright	innovation	patent	industry			lexmark loss good for consumers the printer maker's courtroom setback may mean consumer electronics companies won't try to use the digital millennium copyright act as an all purpose competition shield anymore. by katie dean.
4			wikipedia	software	biotechnology	privacy	technology	copyright	patent			linus torvalds against eu patent directive they are asking the european union council to reject this proposal. they claim that software patent directive would be harmful to the european economy.
4			cable	network	technology	broadband	telecom	communication	telecommunication	networking			verizon, comcast execs slam regulation san francisco cable met telecommunications yesterday at the telecom 04 trade show in las vegas as the top executives of verizon communications inc.
4			computer	device	mobility	connectivity	technology	hp	pcs	computing	linux			new toshiba notebooks use intel desktop chips toshiba 's new desktop replacement multimedia notebooks are further evidence that us consumers have yet to embrace the mobility offered by intel 's newer mobile processors.
1			politics	faith	controversy	church	conservative	religion	christian			conflicted evangelicals could cost bush votes brookfield, wis. ; with their ardent, bible based opposition to abortion and gay marriage, evangelical christians are a key target of the massive republican get out the vote drive heading into next week's election. party leaders consider conservative christians to be as near a lock for president bush as any group can be.
3			store	acquisition	business	sale	company	loss	bankruptcy	retail	distribution	merger			pathmark posts loss, shares slide grocer warns on debt contracts, slashes full year forecast, as it struggles with costs, weak sales. chicago reuters regional grocer pathmark stores inc.
3			electronics	philip	business	europe	technology	marketing	company	security	industry			philips leads europe shares up; arm down philips electronics, a rally on wall street, and tamer oil prices lifted european shares on monday, but trading volumes and corporate news are remain thinned by the holidays.
4			computer	device	technology	micro	amazon	gateway	hp	pcs	silicon	windows			gateway computers to be sold through micro center struggling computer maker gateway has added micro center to the list of retailers selling its new line of retail desktop and laptop computers and monitors.
4			computer	pc	intel	technology	hp	silicon	computing	linux			parallel processing: coming to a desktop near you the pc industry is about to go through a major change in the way computers are designed, built and marketed, intel president and coo paul otellini said today at the fall intel developer forum.
2			coaching	player	defense	football	coach	quarterback			coach is in seymour's corner patriots coach bill belichick believes all pro defensive lineman richard seymour has played very well this season, despite being held to four tackles and no sacks through the first two games. in our defense, and in our offense, when the opportunities come, you count on the players to make the plays, belichick said. not everybody gets the same number ...
4			electronics	ibm	device	technology	electron	semiconductor	patent	silicon			ibm, amd team on new strained silicon advanced micro devices and ibm have collaborated on new strained silicon technology, which stands to boost transistor speed. in a statement ahead of the ieee international electron devices meeting in san francisco
4			politics	computer	philadelphia	technology	internet			the city of brotherly love loves wi fi it 's already well known for its cheesesteak sandwiches, the liberty bell and for sports fans who once booed santa claus. now, the city of philadelphia is trying to forge a new reputation by way of the internet.
4			steam	software	technology	marketing	tech	innovation	competition	linux			vaporware nominees: bring 'em on technology companies love talking up products that are just about to hit store shelves. and every year, it turns out a bunch of them are full of ... steam. send us your nominees for wired news' annual vaporware awards. by the vaporware team.
4			computer	device	mobility	india	privacy	technology	internet	linux			amd rolls out low cost net access device in india us chip maker advanced micro devices has unveiled a low cost internet access device that could cost just a few hundred dollars, aimed at first time technology users in the developing world.
2			coaching	baseball	basketball	md	sport	football	maryland	baltimore			maryland 89, carleton 60 maryland completed its exhibition schedule with two wins and a decent idea of what needs to be done before friday night 's regular season opener against jackson state.
1			politics	election	democrat	race	music	republican	convention	diversity			republicans aim to show party diversity republican convention organizers have crafted a stage lineup aimed at showing a diverse party, giving a spotlight to education secretary rod paige, who is black; labor secretary elaine chao, an asian american; and minority musical groups.
3			acquisition	trade	stock	finance	profit	bankruptcy	corporation	security	merger			goldman 's profit rises 23 on oil trading, mergers goldman sachs group inc., the third largest us securities firm, said quarterly profit rose 23 percent, boosted by revenue from commodities and currency trading and fees from providing merger advice.
3			politics	business	ceo	management	economics	conway	greed	bankruptcy	money			conway's golden handshake peoplesoft's ousted ceo walks away with a severance package in excess of $ 16 million.
3			trading	share	trend	company	option	stock	finance	corporation	security			headline stocks: stocks to watch, nov. 24 u.s. stocks to watch on wednesday include h r block inc., michaels stores inc., tech data corp., and microsoft corp.
4			electronics	technology	evolution	automation	robot	toy	industry			robots ready to take over the home after being used to explore mars, make cars and clear bombs in iraq, robots are moving into the home, ready to single mindedly vacuum carpets, mow lawns and act like humanoids as industry targets the consumer market.
4			electronics	technology	nokia	smartphone	innovation	apple	phone			palmone pushes out treo update palmone is aiming to sharpen up its image with the launch of the treo 650 on monday. as previously reported, the smart phone update has a higher resolution screen and a faster processor than the previous top of the line model, the treo 600.
4			mobile	radio	network	music	broadband	technology	internet	wireless			wireless internet napster enters ringtone market music download sewvice napster will try to claim a piece of the growing market for mobile phone ringtones through a partnership with dwango wireless, which specializes in wireless content.
4			wikipedia	computer	unix	software	technology	networking	linux			free agent: where the geeks are taking us linuxworld expo came to san francisco, and our columnist managed to ignore most of the show. read on to see what did catch his eye.
4			manufacturing	china	trend	technology	company	tech	stock	semiconductor	industry			semiconductor sector slides, stocks down u.s. stocks fell on thursday, led by a decline in the technology sector following a batch of sales warnings from chip makers and a jump in oil prices to nearly $ 43 a barrel.
4			automobile	electronics	computer	safety	technology	car	driving	vehicle			three amazing things your automobile can't do in many vehicles nowadays, you can check your e mail, view web sites, even watch television, from the comfort of your driver's seat.
3			business	china	company	performance	loss	finance	bankruptcy	canada	industry			delphi narrows quarterly net loss auto parts supplier delphi corp. dph.n: quote, profile, research on monday posted a smaller quarterly loss as lower restructuring charges offset the effects of north american
3			politics	relationship	business	sex	love	money			looking for mr. goodwrench rob chermesino's college educated friends went into finance and sales. his fiance is a meeting planner. chermesino picked up a wrench.
4			network	technology	marketing	telecommunication	multimedia	video			avaya, polycom dial in videoconferencing avaya quote, chart , a communications software, systems and services company, has announced a new internet protocol based video conferencing offering for businesses.
3			business	greed	growth	finance	profit	restaurant	corporation	competition	money	food			mcdonald's raises dividend, shares climb mcdonald's corp. on tuesday raised its annual dividend 38 percent, a move the world's largest restaurant chain said is another sign of its revitalization.
1			politics	election	history	government	democracy	china	crisis	corruption	money			politics cloud debate on philippine crisis manila when president gloria macapagal arroyo declared this week that the philippines was already in the midst of a fiscal crisis, many thought she was just stating the obvious.
3			sony	revenue	sale	technology	company	finance	profit	patent	industry			sony ericsson triples 3q profits london, october 14 sony ericsson posted robust profit growth for 3q04, with the company 's quarterly pre tax profits more than tripling from the one year ago levels.
3			share	investor	investing	company	stock	advertising	google	money			google shares soar 18 percent on first day in the stock 's first day trading, investors bought, sold and flipped shares at a furious pace, with the price ending just above $ 100 18 percent higher than where it started.
2			baseball	school	basketball	sport	football	kid	competition			there's no faking a team effort like this look for the drop kick next week. and while they're at it, don't forget the statue of liberty play, the fumblerooskie, and the time tested everybody go long that's worked so well in schoolyard playgrounds during recess through the years.
4			computer	linux	storage	system	networking	ibm	availability	computing	server			ibm powers up high end disk arrays ibm took a major step last week in its plan to remain at the forefront of storage technology by introducing two new disk arrays the ds6000 for the upper midrange market and the ds8000 for the high end market. both systems are designed for ease of use and modular for lower cost. they also feature high end storage capabilities and virtualization technology, all in systems considerably smaller than previous versions.
3			trading	share	trend	investing	company	option	stock	money	security			headline stocks: stocks to watch, nov. 17 u.s. stocks to watch on wednesday include sears, roebuck co., kmart holding corp., hewlett packard co., and network appliance inc.
1			politics	election	statistics	computer	voting	candidate	machine	fraud			more e voting problems reported some voters say machines indicated they had voted for a different candidate.
4			electronics	statistics	safety	computer	crash	privacy	technology	car	speed			does your car have a spy in the engine? an event data recorder is the automotive equivalent of the black boxes used to reconstruct plane crashes.
4			wired	network	privacy	technology	broadband	ip	wireless	networking			high court will not hear at appeal wired wireless continues its reign at the top spot among it priorities due to widespread ip telephony and wireless deployment.
4			mobile	network	mobility	aviation	technology	broadband	wireless	telecommunication	carrier			verizon expands into new wireless markets verizon wireless plans next week to expand its high speed mobile data service to 11 more markets, including new york and los angeles, as well as 19 more airports.
4			mobile	network	mobility	technology	nokia	telecommunication	bt			mtn, ericsson sign 3g agreement mobile operator mtn has announced a strategic partnership with ericsson, which will become its partner of choice for its third generation 3g network.
3			business	ceo	privacy	finance	money	email	security			microstrategy president and cfo resigns microstrategy, which makes business intelligence software, said tuesday that eric brown resigned as president and chief financial officer in order to become cfo at mcafee inc. which makes system security products.
2			politics	boxing	beijing	doping	olympics	china	athletics	sport	athlete			china fills top sports post for olympics china appointed a party official who has never worked in sports to oversee the preparation of athletes for the 2008 beijing olympics.
3			business	marketing	greed	strategy	bankruptcy	competition	money	security			analysts see grim future for wet seal wet seal inc. wtsla.o may have little choice but to close hundreds of its teen oriented stores and convert dozens more to its upscale arden b. brand if it hopes to stay out of bankruptcy, analysts said on friday.
2			coaching	baseball	history	basketball	sport	football	money			indiana eyeing bowl bid the hoosiers haven 't known what it 's like to play in a postseason bowl game since 1993. third year coach gerry dinardo still doesn 't know what it 's like to win a big ten road game.
1			politics	america	election	history	government	congress	democracy	strategy	time	money			congress wraps up work with much rancor the 108th congress soon will be history, a tumultuous two years that, depending on party affiliation, was the best of times or the worst of times. of course republicans, who control both the house and the senate, expressed pride in a congress that passed a major medicare prescription drug bill, gave president bush the money he needed for iraq and substantially increased spending for defense and homeland security...
2			coaching	baseball	statistics	espn	basketball	sport	recruiting	football	usc	competition			usc 's matt leinart wins college football 's heisman trophy matt leinart of the university of southern california won the heisman trophy last night, becoming the second trojans quarterback in three seasons to capture college football 's most prestigious award.
4			electronics	battery	computer	sport	privacy	music	technology	phone			sunglasses plus mp3 player are anything but a bargain it seems like a cool idea unglasses with a built in digital music player and speakers. no headphone cables to untangle as with most portable players.
2			baseball	atlanta	espn	sport	marketing	football	stadium	change			candlestick park gets new name it 's a sign of the times for forty niner fans, who are getting used to major changes. the team confirmed monday that naming rights to the stadium have been sold to monster cable products inc
4			computer	data	drive	ethernet	privacy	technology	storage	usb	networking	linux			seagate hopes for big splash with small drives one of the new drives is just 3 inches in diameter, features a retractable usb cable for easy carrying and can store 5gb of data.
4			security	cyber	computer	hacking	privacy	technology	strategy	terrorism	surveillance			cyber security office calls for more clout the office in charge of cyber security in the department of homeland security is planning to continue moving ahead on the agenda the agency has already set.
4			technology	spending	tech	energy	strategy	finance	innovation	research	money	industry			us tech execs optimistic about spending newyork: us technology executives are increasingly optimistic about the business climate, although plans for increased technology spending remain modest, according to a study.
4			plasma	electronics	manufacturing	trend	price	technology	manufacturer	consumer	industry			plasma tvs lead gadget price declines in sept. npd falling prices in september for plasma televisions and digital cameras sparked the biggest monthly decline in us consumer electronics prices in five months, according to an industry study prepared for reuters.
1			politics	man	fact	football	money			duo holds fate of man u us sports tycoon malcolm glazer was trying to win over manchester united 's two key irish shareholders in his bid to buy the english soccer club, but had not yet entered serious talks with them, sources familiar with the situation said yesterday.
3			insurance	business	retirement	bank	fleet	money			capitalizing on fleet exodus william b. maag spent weeks meeting sovereign bancorp executives at obscure suburban restaurants, taking phone calls on the sly, and hashing out a business proposal at a country club near the new hampshire border. while his colleagues at fleetboston financial corp. vied for new jobs at bank of america corp. after the banks' merger, maag realized early on that the ...
3			brand	business	ceo	sale	marketing	restaurant	competition	food			yum replaces chief operating officer louisville, ky., october 18th, 2004, 1:30 pm yum brands incorporated has named david deno as chief operating officer as the restaurant operator looked within its ranks to replace a departing top executive.
2			doping	olympics	athletics	race	sport	greece	athlete	swimming	cycling			greek fani halkia wins women 's 400m hurdles gold greece 's fani halkia captured the women 's 400m hurdles gold medal before a boisterous home crowd at the olympic games in athens on august 25.
3			insurance	business	buying	investing	stock	finance	bankruptcy	money			sears, roebuck and co. 's stock soars after real estate firm buys ... sears, roebuck and co. 's stock shot up friday on news that a new york based real estate investment trust had purchased a 4.3 per cent interest in the huge department store chain.
4			mobile	electronics	device	mobility	wireless	nokia	technology	linux			palmone packs treo smart phone with new chip palmone inc.'s long awaited update to the treo 600 will come with a new processor, sharper display and flash memory, as the company continues to improve its flagship product. the company is set to unveil the device, called the treo 650, monday at the cellular telecommunications and internet association's ctia's wireless it and entertainment conference.
4			trend	china	tokyo	technology	company	tech	japan	growth	innovation	industry			tokyo stocks rise 1 percent, techs lead tokyo's nikkei average appeared headed for its third straight day of gains on thursday and was up one percent by late afternoon as tech issues such as shin etsu chemical were lifted by a rally in new york.
3			trading	shareholder	company	stock	bank	loss	bankruptcy	accounting	banking	merger			update 4: jpmorgan shares fall on poor earnings jpmorgan chase co. third quarter profits fell 13 percent, mainly because of weakness in trading operations and costs related to its merger with bank one.
4			stealth	sleek	technology	something	fashion	design			yahoo! awards world 's best cybercafes london, september 1: a san francisco laundromat may be the one of the world 's most unusual places to surf the internet but a sleek club on moscow 's red square is definitely the sleekest, according to a yahoo!
2			baseball	retirement	basketball	sport	football	pride			three and out the players pinned buttons to their gator blue wind suits that read: another level. they wore gray t shirts with the words pride out on the front and coaches, team, family, on the back.
3			branding	business	ceo	management	technology	marketing	tech	strategy	innovation			new logo and tagline for xerox xerox is saying goodbye to an old slogan as it moves beyond the document company, to include technology and consulting.
1			election	abortion	politics	israel	democracy	referendum	terrorism			no referendum on disengagement plan: sharon brushing aside mounting pressures for a nationwide referendum on his disengagement plan, a defiant israeli prime minister ariel sharon ruled out any such possibility along with calls for new elections.
4			electronics	security	computer	cash	storage	technology	card	payment	money	banking			do you take cash, credit or chip? a leading japanese electronics company is developing memory cards that can be used to make cashless payments, open locks and read identification with a simple flick.
1			election	politics	democracy	syria	iran	poll	iraq	afghanistan	terrorism			sadr rebels boost election hopes iraq 's plans to hold elections in january have gained traction after a shi ite militia agreed to disarm in baghdad and delegates from rebel held falluja said the sunni muslim city wanted to vote in the polls.
4			statistics	trend	technology	telecommunication	finance	patent	industry			lucent post 1st profitable year since 2000 telecommunications equipment maker lucent technologies inc., rebounding from multibillion dollar losses, reported a larger profit for its fourth fiscal quarter and recorded its first profitable year since 2000.
3			income	statistics	revenue	price	sale	growth	profit	money	earnings			smithfield foods profit more than doubles smithfield foods inc. sfd.n: quote, profile, research on thursday said quarterly earnings more than doubled due to higher hog prices and the hog and pork producer 's acquisition of farmland foods last year.
4			electronics	battery	computer	linux	hardware	software	privacy	technology	windows			pluggedin: the oqo is not just another handheld device a full fledged windows xp computer that's a fraction of the size of a laptop seems like the answer to the digerati's prayers, but the praise greeting the oqo model 01 has been decidedly muted.
2			basketball	sport	rebound	football	scoring	defense	goal	money			knicks: wilkens spells out goals, starting with d or professional sports, for that matter the knicks talk about wanting to have a good defense. the question is: can they?
4			computer	pc	business	technology	microsoft	bankruptcy	ibm	security	industry			ibm details pc unit's financial woes the business racked up nearly $ 1 billion in losses since 2001.
2			politics	boxing	baseball	soccer	athletics	sport	football	brazil	racism			a note to lula: haiti is in brazil the english writer george orwell once expressed doubts about the wisdom of sports contests as a way of bringing nations together. he was writing during the cold war when the sports arena became a substitute battlefield between the west and east.
4			manufacturing	trend	technology	growth	hp	semiconductor	silicon	security	industry			chip downturn fears overblown? gartner strengthened its forecast for 2004 global semiconductor sales tuesday, saying it saw the market growing by 27 percent to $ 226 billion, a 25 percent increase from an earlier prediction.
2			baseball	team	college	school	basketball	athletics	sport	football			bishop feehan what: miaa division 2a super bowl. where: curry college in milton. when: saturday at 4:15 p.m. last meeting: schools have never met.
4			ibm	application	java	hardware	software	technology	patent	ai	tool			ibm tools give developers an assist ibm announced monday a set of offerings from its virtual innovation center for hardware, including how to guides and a solution sizing toolkit, all aimed at helping the company 's business partners build and deploy applications on ibm technology.
2			coaching	baseball	statistics	qb	sport	recruiting	football	player	coach	quarterback			leinart picks up heisman matt leinart replaced a heisman trophy winner and became one himself. the southern california quarterback won college football's most prestigious individual award last night, beating out oklahoma teammates adrian peterson and jason white, last year's winner.
3			business	trend	economics	marketing	finance	profit	competition	money			krispy kreme scales back as profit dives krispy kreme doughnuts inc. on thursday posted sharply lower quarterly earnings, signaled that the second half of the year would be weak and scaled back store openings after it was battered by the low carbohydrate diet craze.
1			election	politics	result	democracy	china	voting	polling	vote			hong kong set for record vote veteran hong kong activist leung kwok hung, better known as long hair , campaigns for pro democracy votes. picture:afp.
4			computer	hacking	software	privacy	technology	consumer	security	linux			users still snookered by spam falling repeatedly for spam scams that promise software at fire sale prices. in fact, one in five consumers surveyed bought software
4			technology	beta	testing	google	linux			aol testing net phone service the online giant is quietly calling on beta testers to try out its take on voip.
4			business	network	privacy	technology	wireless	communication	telecommunication	patent	competition			at wireless, cingular merger passes one test us antitrust regulators have approved the $ 41 billion purchase of redmond based at wireless services inc. by cingular wireless llc, the associated press and reuters have reported.
1			election	politics	computer	democracy	voting	ohio	voter	fraud	georgia			machine error gives bush extra ohio votes an error with an electronic voting system gave president bush 3,893 extra votes in suburban columbus, elections officials said.
4			music	technology	marketing	internet	copyright	industry			napster creator develops snocap napster was a revolutionary product. it practically gave birth to the p2p industry on the internet. it has lead to a stage that big corporations of the music industry are practically scared of losing a major chunk of their business from this phenomenon.
4			linux	business	technology	microsoft	networking	ibm	security	industry			peoplesoft plays defense i admire peoplesoft 's nasdaq: psft fight. tuesday, the business software maker announced a broad partnership with ibm nyse: ibm in which big blue 's popular websphere middleware
1			election	abortion	politics	australia	government	democracy	parliament	mps	debate			parliament should sit if election not called: latham opposition leader mark latham today urged prime minister john howard to either call an election and dissolve parliament or allow this week 's parliament sitting to proceed.
3			politics	business	nothing	greed	money			ziggy speaks frankly and says he was pushed mark colvin: all this year, the business world has been abuzz with talk about the board of telstra, and whether chief executive ziggy switkowski could survive.
4			product	electronics	computer	television	technology	hp	productivity	consumer			hp unveils cavalcade of consumer products first tvs, new printers, long lasting inks, and projectors are targeted at living room and office.
2			coaching	politics	boxing	baseball	brown	basketball	sport	football	gambling	money			wizards kwame brown suspended for one game the washington wizards suspended kwame brown for one game thursday for conduct detrimental to the team. brown will miss friday 's game against the new york knicks.
4			application	mobility	connectivity	detail	technology	networking			notifylink supports palmone 's new treo 650 smartphone for novell ... san jose, calif., oct. 26 prnewswire firstcall notify technology corporation bulletin board: ntfy , today announced that its notifylink enterprise mobility solution for novell groupwise has been enhanced
4			skill	animal	language	learning	technique	technology	tool			simians are experts too in the use of tools!: world news: london, dec 10 : cambridge university researchers have concluded that use of tools is habitual in monkeys after collecting the first hand evidence on this score.
1			election	politics	edward	race	alabama	freedom			edwards stumps in democratic stronghold vice presidential candidate john edwards on wednesday sought to assure black supporters that he and john kerry have fought for this community our entire lives and would continue doing so on a day devoted to reaching out to the base in the democratic stronghold of northeast ohio.
2			coaching	baseball	contract	basketball	athletics	sport	recruiting	football	tennis	competition			tennessee tech's worrell extends contract longtime tennessee tech women's basketball coach bill worrell has agreed to a new three year contract with the option for three more years, the school announced sunday.
4			mobile	privacy	technology	smartphone	nokia	telecommunication	consumer	phone			consumers give up land lines for cell phones consumers increasingly are moving away from using fixed line phones together with cell phones to using cell phones for all or most of their voice calls, according to a study carried out for nokia nyse: nok by uk market research company mori.
1			election	abortion	politics	campaign	democrat	candidate	republican	woman			dole picked to head 2006 senate campaigns senate republicans on wednesday narrowly chose north carolina sen. elizabeth dole to lead their campaign operations for 2006.
4			linux	privacy	technology	piracy	tv	security	industry			cell phone tv is coming several companies move toward offering tv on mobile phones. also: nds, stmicroelectronics and thomson will develop anti piracy technology hellip;. oracle continues pursuit of peoplesoft hellip;. and more.
4			ibm	application	collaboration	microsoft	technology	patent	email	linux			peoplesoft goes a bundle on ibm peoplesoft will include free copies of ibm 's websphere middleware products with every set of its applications sold. both companies will market the joint products and will collaborate to improve future interoperability.
4			aerospace	computer	radar	lockheed	technology	defense	strategy	missile	security			lockheed's meads wins $ 3 bln contract a transatlantic venture led by lockheed martin corp. on tuesday won a $ 3 billion contract to design and develop the medium extended air defense system meads , which is slated to replace patriot missiles in the next decade, the venture said on tuesday.
4			electronics	device	manufacturing	technology	nokia	semiconductor	silicon	intel	security	industry			semiconductor sales booming in 2004 worldwide semiconductor sales will reach $ 226bn in 2004, a 27.4 per cent increase from 2003, according to the latest prediction from gartner.
4			business	java	china	technology	evolution	innovation	patent	money			it 's too soon for kodak to smile and say cheese opinion: despite kodak 's initial victory in its java patent dispute with sun, the company will be hard pressed to prove it deserves a $ 1 billion settlement.
4			electronics	radio	ringing	cellular	technology	wireless	telecommunication	phone			'ringback' tones may be next big thing ring tones are so yesterday. if wireless companies have their way, the next multibillion dollar surprise in the cellular business will be ringback tones.
2			baseball	statistics	running	athletics	sport	race	track	athlete	iaaf	tennis			class of 2004 announced usa track field on monday announced the inductees for the class of 2004 for the national track field hall of fame. the inductees are modern athletes jackie joyner kersee, michael johnson, joan benoit samuelson
4			manufacturing	trend	technology	aging	growth	innovation	change	silicon	industry			eyeing downturn, chip makers trim equipment buying the semiconductor industry is showing the first signs of slowing growth, trimming purchases of raw materials and production equipment as demand slows, industry executives and analysts said on tuesday.
3			politics	president	congress	trade	business	marketing	greed	commerce	money			bush picks kellogg ceo for commerce post president bush, left, announces that he has chosen carlos gutierrez, chief executive officer of the kellogg co., right, to be secretary of commerce, monday, nov. 29, 2004, in the roosevelt room of the white house.
3			ge	business	ceo	china	management	company	finance	corporation	hr			ge takes back seat at back office new delhi, nov. 8: general electric capital international services gecis , the global business process operations of general electric, has offloaded a 60 per cent stake for about $ 500 million to two private
4			revenue	data	technology	oracle	performance	strategy	finance	analytics	research	industry			oracle quarterly income rises 16 percent oracle corp. on tuesday reported a 16 percent rise in quarterly profit fueled by steady demand for its flagship database software, but executives warned that customers were still cautious about spending on technology.
3			investor	investment	investing	company	bank	finance	bankruptcy	money	banking			update 2 investment firm lazard files for $ 850 mln ipo private investment bank lazard ltd filed with us regulators on friday to raise as much as $ 850 million in an initial public offering
3			share	investor	investing	shareholder	stock	market	finance	capital	competition	security			australian stocks fall, led by axa asia, prime infrastructure australian stocks fell, led by axa asia pacific holdings ltd., after axa sa, its parent, withdrew aa $ 3.4 billion $ 2.5 billion offer for the shares of the company it doesn 't already own.
3			business	ceo	investor	company	greed	growth	profit	competition	money			nortel: nowhere to go but up it certainly sounds like bad news when a company fires seven executives for financial malfeasance, lays off 3,500 employees and advises investors that it expects sluggish market growth for the year.
4			computer	chip	intel	technology	performance	apple	silicon	speed	linux			3.8ghz intel cap ends an era intel is capping its processor speeds at 3.8ghz in a move some have interpreted as the final humiliating climbdown of a difficult year.
4			computer	linux	hardware	software	unix	intel	silicon	computing	windows			linux ready for prime time, intel says despite all the linux hype, the open source movement has yet to make a huge splash in the desktop market. that may be about to change, thanks to chipmaking giant intel corp.
4			device	network	connectivity	ethernet	broadband	nokia	technology	wireless	networking			broadcom wi fi chips increase range new wi fi chips increase range of wireless networks by 50 percent, according to the company.
1			politics	nigeria	election	violence	democracy	war	rebellion	conflict	terrorism	rebel			nigerian rebels to widen conflict, target agip nigerian rebels fighting government troops in the southern port harcourt area are poised to launch an uprising across the entire oil producing delta region to force political reforms or gain sovereignty, a rebel leader said on sunday.
4			application	java	collaboration	software	project	development	linux			jboss adds workflow engine to middleware stack open source company jboss has added a workflow engine to its roster as it continues building out its middleware platform around the jboss application server.
3			product	statistics	business	trade	trend	sale	marketing	rs	earnings			limited brands operating earnings rise retailer limited brands inc. on thursday posted higher quarterly earnings before special items as clearance sales at its express apparel stores and cost cutting boosted results.
1			politics	america	election	history	democracy	iraq	money	politician			web sites spoof bush, kerry with parodies if you're not ready to feverishly debate iraq or the deficit in this bitterly divisive election year, you can always surf the web, where politics is frequently nothing but a big joke.
2			coaching	cycling	sport	football	rowing	swimming	competition	racing			rowing: cracknell takes year out to seek new challenges james cracknell confirmed yesterday that he will be taking a year out from his rowing career, a day before his fellow gold medallist from the olympic fours at this year 's olympics, matthew
4			recovery	software	privacy	microsoft	technology	storage	strategy	networking	security	linux			microsoft backs up disk based backup plans with 20 partners already lined up, analysts speculate that the software giant will focus on the market's low end at least initially.
1			election	politics	democracy	india	poll	corruption	bjp	maharashtra			counting of votes begins in maharashtra election election officials began counting votes in maharashtra on saturday in a poll that is crucial to the political fortunes of the ruling congress party and the opposition hindu nationalists.
3			business	technology	cisco	profit	networking	competition	money	security	industry			cisco profits are higher, but investors want more cisco systems, the largest maker of internet networking equipment, reported tuesday that its first quarter profit rose 29 percent, squarely in line with wall street forecasts.
3			science	business	photo	marketing	technology	photography	industry			agfa gevaert, photo pioneer, to sell film and lab business agfa gevaert, one of the oldest names in the photography business, said on thursday that it was selling its consumer film and photo labs business to the team running it to focus on its more profitable medical imaging and ...
3			statistics	business	ceo	investor	finance	bloomberg	money	email			update 1 kroll appoints freakley as chief executive kroll inc., an investigation and risk consulting company owned by marsh mclennan cos. inc. mmc.n: quote, profile, research , has appointed simon freakley as chief executive officer and president.
4			statistics	privacy	technology	testing	penetration	research	security			infocus: metasploit framework, part 2 newly updated. this article provides insight into the metasploit framework, a very useful tool for the penetration tester. part two of three.
4			application	linux	hardware	software	technology	microsoft	ibm	vs	windows			with new os, microsoft seeks couch potatoes eyes com september 15, 2004, 5:40 pm pt. this fourth priority 's main focus has been improving or obtaining crm and erp software for the past year and a half.
4			hacking	privacy	technology	broadband	internet	telecommunication	pcs			presidential candidates differ in it questionnaire u.s. president george bush and democratic challenger john kerry both advocate universal access to broadband and stronger cybersecurity but the two candidates disagree in their approaches in answers given in a tech policy questionnaire released by the computing technology industry association comptia .
4			processor	electronics	chip	intel	technology	performance	fx	silicon			amd offers gourmet chip although the fx 55 runs at 2.6 gigahertz, amd claims its efficiency makes it a rival of the 4 ghz pentium processor that intel dropped from development last week.
4			acquisition	software	privacy	microsoft	technology	company	strategy	security			software giant buys giant software microsoft today announced that it will buy giant company software, a developer of anti spyware and internet security offerings. the redmond, washington, firm will use technology from the acquisition
4			organization	manufacturing	technology	information	innovation	ibm	ai	industry			itaa sees limited it job growth in '04 the number of u.s. it jobs increased by just 2 percent between the first quarter of 2003 and the first quarter of 2004, and demand for it workers is expected to slow during the rest of the year, according to a survey released wednesday by the information technology association of america itaa .
1			politics	election	war	strategy	terrorism	afghanistan			18,000 troops begin winter offensive in afghanistan against ... the 18,000 us troops in afghanistan have begun a new offensive to hunt taliban and al qaida militants through the country 's harsh winter, aiming to sap their strength ahead of planned spring elections, the american military said saturday.
4			mobile	electronics	battery	computer	device	music	wireless	technology	audio			review: new media players too small the new breed of portable media players is finally here, but the devices are too small to comfortably watch movies on and too bulky to compete with my mp3 music player.
1			politics	news	america	election	television	democracy	france	american			for chirac and others, a close eye on us vote so he would be flipping channels late into tuesday evening and again very early wednesday morning to monitor coverage of the american presidential election on the wide, flat screen television
4			electronics	computer	music	car	technology	innovation	apple	money			the pods just keep on coming steve jobs is feeling rather vindicated these days. the ipod is three years old, says the apple ceo. when we started this, nobody knew what it was, or they didn 't believe it
4			mobile	network	mobility	telecom	technology	wireless	broadband	telecommunication	bt			mmo2, lucent to launch 3g mobile network in summer 05 uk wireless operator mmo2 oom uk:oom said it will launch europe 's first super fast third generation 3g mobile broadband data network in the summer of 2005 at mmo2 's subsidiary, manx telecom on the uk 's isle of man.
4			ibm	computer	technology	machine	networking	nasa	memory	computing	linux			didn't take long: ibm regains supercomputing crown ibm's nyse: ibm blue gene l, which is being installed at the lawrence livermore national laboratory, recaptured the supercomputer speed record that silicon graphics' nyse: sgi columbia system at nasa held for barely a week.
1			election	politics	democracy	peace	afghanistan	freedom			freed un electoral workers in afghanistan look forward to resuming ... three united nations election workers freed yesterday nearly a month after being abducted in afghanistan today thanked the afghan people for the support shown during their ordeal and said they were looking forward to getting back to
4			industry	electronics	computer	manufacturing	technology	apple	semiconductor	silicon	security	linux			samsung expects to see 05 chip growth halved annual global semiconductor sales growth will probably fall by half in 2005 and memory chip sales could collapse as a supply glut saps prices, world leading memory chip maker samsung electronics said on monday.
2			baseball	history	yankee	sport	football	softball	money			baseball: cubs and red sox, in lock step, stagger toward their ... they are not sad sacks, in point of fact, the boston red sox and the chicago cubs, or are they, inevitably? in a loony, heartbreaking coincidence, they each collapsed just short of the world series a year
4			sci	wikipedia	hacking	technology	tech	copyright	patent	linux			tech powers seek antipiracy accord a consortium of technology companies hopes to create a common antipiracy language, ending the babel of copy proofing technologies that has rendered much digital content and hardware incompatible.
2			coaching	indiana	baseball	basketball	athletics	sport	ohio	recruiting	football	coach			iu names hoeppner football coach miami of ohio football coach terry hoeppner will be named the next football coach at indiana university, sources confirmed early today.
4			wired	network	ethernet	technology	broadband	wireless	networking	intel	linux			intel to join in a project to extend wireless use intel is teaming up with telecommunications pioneer craig mccaw to develop new wireless technology for internet access.
4			technology	marketing	advertising	patent	competition	email			ask jeeves third quarter profit up, but stock falls ask jeeves inc. posted a higher third quarter profit as web search advertising continued to fuel revenue growth.
4			revenue	network	technology	telecommunication	finance	competition	industry			nortel sees lower 3rd quarter revenue nortel networks corp. quote, profile, research expects to report lower 2004 third quarter revenues compared to the second quarter, north america 's largest maker of telecom equipment
2			baseball	television	chicago	espn	sport	football	player	money	racism			cubs broadcaster steve stone steps down longtime chicago cubs analyst steve stone announced thursday he was leaving wgn tv, less than one month after coming under fire for on air comments he made criticizing the team.
4			pc	computer	linux	hardware	microsoft	technology	pcs	security	windows			businesses keep q3 pc growth on track pc shipments have started to ease off, as expected, but the worldwide pc market remained fairly strong in the third quarter, according to research from idc and gartner released monday.
4			support	software	technology	integration	solution	help	development	tool	industry			peoplesoft introduces support by subscription new technical support service lets businesses outsource tuning, patching and monitoring of their peoplesoft systems.
4			manufacturing	technology	patent	vs	design	industry			ibm, intel to open eserver blade designs in an effort to seed the market for future designs, the companies plan to provide the specifications for the bladecenter switching framework, the blade adapter framework and the design of the blade itself.
4			computer	network	ethernet	privacy	technology	broadband	ip	internet	networking			intel issues dire warning about internet 's future intel has outlined its vision of the internet of the future, one in which millions of computer servers would analyse and direct network traffic to make the web safer and more efficient.
4			statistics	computer	manufacturing	privacy	technology	terrorism	patent	corporation	security			computer sciences sells dyncorp units computer sciences corp. is selling parts of reston based dyncorp it acquired last year, saying the units, which provide security to foreign leaders and train international police, do not fit with its information technology focus.
3			business	manufacturing	india	collaboration	asia	china	technology	company	innovation	industry			red hat opens office in china red hat on thursday announced the opening of its first office in china, in the capital beijing. the company said it will be working with industry partners such as hp, ibm, intel and oracle, as well as with
4			electronics	computer	weaponry	hacking	device	technology	weapon	gun	security			handheld computers aid convention security submachine gun, check. semiautomatic pistol, check. personal digital assistant, check. in addition to their usual weaponry, some officers responsible for securing federal buildings at the republican convention are armed with devices like handheld computers.
3			income	productivity	statistics	business	profit	ibm	accounting	money	employment			ibm third quarter net flat after charge international business machines corp. ibm.n: quote, profile, research on monday posted a flat quarterly net profit, weighed down by the partial settlement of an employee pension lawsuit
2			beijing	game	olympic	china	tourism	olympics	sport	ioc	athlete			rogge confident in beijing games international olympic committee president jacques rogge expressed confidence monday in beijing 's decision to scale back olympic construction, saying plans for a frugal games wouldn 't interfere with holding the 2008 summer games.
3			trading	business	trade	market	stock	trader	competition	money			thin trading keeps renewed optimism in slight check optimism that corporate earnings reports may come in better than expected gave us shares a fillip yesterday. but trade was thin as some markets including the bond market were closed for the columbus day holiday.
2			coaching	australia	statistics	disability	doping	athletics	sport	athlete	performance			british give shrink an olympian job british athletics chiefs have named sports psychologist david collins as the new performance director with the job of producing medal winners at the 2008 beijing olympics.
4			computer	privacy	technology	broadband	internet	telecommunication	phone			internet 911 calls receive lower priority emergency calls made using new internet telephone services ring in through a nonemergency line and often aren't answered immediately, according to an official who runs ramsey county's largest 911 emergency call center...
3			statistics	business	ceo	sale	marketing	company	money	earnings	industry			sara lee earnings jump 53 percent in 1q sara lee corp. 's earnings climbed 53 percent in the first fiscal quarter, boosted by a delayed payout from the sale of its european tobacco business, the packaged foods and apparel company announced tuesday.
4			electronics	battery	computer	technology	car	machinery	invention	machine	robot	toy			the good old days my favorite gadget isn't to be found in the collection featured on the cover. bruce upbin, who put these vignettes together, wanted something newfangled, and the singer model 201 sewing machine i got from a second hand shop didn't qualify. but it's quite a marvel of mechanical ingenuity and as deserving of a testimonial as those cell phones and ipod docking stations see p. 72 .
1			election	politics	democracy	zimbabwe	parliament	corruption	electoral	afghanistan	politician			zimbabwe opposition poll boycott zimbabwe's main opposition party say they will not take part in elections unless major reforms are made.
4			computer	hacking	software	privacy	technology	licensing	copyright	pricing	patent	ethics			do software users need indemnification? if purchasing software were as straightforward as buying a car, users would not have to think twice about the risk of intellectual property lawsuits.
2			baseball	history	chicago	sport	music	race	football	brett			packers have their way on favre day battering rams packers have their way on favre day green bay it was a sentimental and hopeful interlude at lambeau field, a monday night spent in 28 degree chill for 70,385 fans to cherish brett favre 's glorious past and wonder just how far he might lead
3			revenue	sale	technology	profit	hp	productivity	money	industry			hp profit tops lowered forecast hewlett packard co. on tuesday said quarterly profit topped its own lowered expectations as the computer and printer maker saw record revenues in every business and every region.
1			election	politics	controversy	democracy	poll	iran	iraq	uncertainty	terrorism			u.s. officials differ on iraqi elections top u.s. officials differed friday over key details of planned iraqi elections in january, including the unresolved issue of whether all iraqis will be able to vote and who will protect them from their country's worsening violence...
4			electronics	battery	computer	technology	car	storage	linux			new palm handheld features more memory, no wi fi the t5 is a slim and shiny business device that looks like a stretched out t3 3.1 x 4.8 x 0.6 hwd, 5.1 oz , minus the slider design.
2			baseball	hockey	nascar	sport	football	monster	wrestling			american football: candlestick park renamed monster park candlestick park, home of the san francisco 49ers national football league team, was renamed monster park today in a us $ 6 million $ 9.
4			product	computer	device	pcs	technology	semiconductor	ibm	gateway	silicon	windows			micro center to sell gateway products pc maker gateway inc. announced on sunday that its recent line of laptop computers, desktop computers, and monitors will be available to customers at micro center.
4			mobile	network	mobility	connectivity	technology	networking			mobilitys end game its like the browser wars all over again: two vendors are battling to win the hearts, minds, and debit cards of users and developers. the browser wars were really platform wars, based on the assumption that the browser would be the nexus through which users would access data inside and outside their companys walls. the battle hymn is sounding once more, only this time its a ring tone. ill get to the connection between the browser wars and the enterprise mobility race at the end.
2			baseball	hockey	nhl	sport	football	player	stats	canada			players attack bettman nhl commissioner gary bettman has come in for fierce criticism following a meeting of locked out players. the nhl players assocation leaders briefed 74 players on tuesday about the team owners lockout which
4			computer	linux	technology	power	machine	ibm	ai	computing	industry			ibm claims most powerful supercomputer crown ibm has claimed that its blue gene l supercomputer has edged out rival nec 's earth simulator to become the world 's most powerful supercomputer.
2			coaching	baseball	statistics	field	sport	football	stats	talent			fields treasures job after missing all of the carolina panthers' 2004 super bowl season with hodgkin's disease, linebacker mark fields appreciates every second he spends on the field.
1			politics	election	democrat	gov	alabama	candidate	governor	republican			ten commandments judge may run for gov. ousted alabama supreme court chief justice roy moore said friday he is considering running for governor in 2006.
3			business	ceo	india	management	microsoft	technology	company	ibm	email			peoplesoft sees the departure of another exec within two weeks of the firing of chief executive officer craig conway, business applications supplier peoplesoft has seen the departure of another top executive, ram gupta, senior vice president of products and technology.
3			acquisition	shareholder	option	stock	company	oil	corporation	competition	merger			stocks open flat, oil up, nextel eyed u.s. stocks opened little changed on wednesday, dampened by another rise in oil prices, but a deal between wireless carriers sprint corp. and nextel communications inc. worth about $ 35 billion boosted wall street hopes for more mergers.
4			network	europe	privacy	technology	broadband	internet	telecommunication	speed			fcc says us getting its broadband act together us communications regulators insisted on thursday that the united states was making progress in rolling out high speed internet service, despite falling further behind other countries.
2			baseball	hockey	australia	basketball	sport	football	cricket	tennis			hockey: australia win first men 's gold australia won the olympic men 's hockey title for the first time in history on friday, beating defending champions the netherlands 2 1 with a golden goal.
2			boxing	sport	music	tough	football	rock			exclusive boxer quotes: what they re saying in nyc lots of buzz in the air with so many of boxing 's major players on the scene. here 's what we re hearing: kali meehan: when i say the name rock rahman to people, they look at me, oh, rock 's tough.
4			statistics	network	trend	sale	technology	marketing	industry			radioshack profits as wireless sales jump radioshack corp. on tuesday posted a 22 percent rise in its third quarter profit due to strong wireless sales and cost control, and reaffirmed its goal to grow 2005 earnings by as much 21 percent.
3			income	statistics	revenue	profit	finance	money	earnings			igt posts lower quarterly profit, record yearly income slot machine maker international game technology said tuesday that fourth quarter profit declined 50 percent from the same period a year earlier as a result of the early redemption
2			medal	israel	game	olympics	athletics	sport	greece	athlete	munich			israeli dedicates first gold to munich victims israel 's first olympic gold medallist has dedicated his victory to his 11 countrymen killed in the munich massacre of 1972, vowing he would visit their memorial to show them his medal.
2			baseball	television	nbc	espn	sport	nfl	football	finance	tv	money			$ 10b nfl tv deal the national football league became $ us8 billion $ 10.57b richer today after signing a six year extension to its tv contract with american channels fox and cbs.
4			collaboration	privacy	technology	company	growth	innovation	patent			sourcelabs gets venture funding there is clearly a lot of pent up momentum, says sourcelabs cornelius willis. companies want to get off of proprietary technology, but have been hesitant because of the lack of support.
3			job	america	life	business	technology	cancer	money			the swagger is back i'm back, declared apple computer's steve jobs on thursday morning in his first public appearance before reporters since cancer surgery in late july.
4			windows	computer	pc	device	hardware	microsoft	pcs	linux			microsoft releases windows xp tablet pc edition 2005 microsoft corp. has announced the windows xp tablet pc edition 2005 operating system, the successor to windows xp tablet pc edition introduced in november 2002.
1			politics	election	israel	war	democracy	palestinian	corruption	power	terrorism	leadership			standing firm, arafat seen to counter his critics palestinian leader yasser arafat appears to have faced down the biggest challenge to his leadership in years without giving ground on demands
3			business	technology	marketing	growth	bankruptcy	money			briefly: maxtor loses its cfo again roundup plus: profits, revenue climb at rambus...apple itunes sales quicken...nortel pushes back flextronics deal.
4			device	network	technology	microsoft	wireless	nokia	finland	networking	phone			nokia 9500 communicator receives wi fi certification new york, november 1 prnewswire firstcall nokia today announced the nokia 9500 communicator has been granted the ieee 802 11b and wpa wireless protected access certifications by the wi fi alliance.
3			business	harvard	finance	pr	money			harvard's pr problem the board of harvard management corp., which oversees the billions at the world's richest university, met yesterday on the 13th floor of the federal reserve tower in boston with a new chairman sitting at the head of the table for the first time in 15 years. next week, annual returns for the $ 19.3 billion endowment are due, and they will ...
2			medal	doping	olympics	basketball	sport	football	competition	gymnastics			hamm gets to keep gold medal the last battle of the athens summer olympics is over. the dispute over who won the men 's all around gymnastics gold medal has been resolved, at least officially.
1			election	politics	australia	democracy	race	howard			howard may sweep to victory on wave of apathy it should have been a relaxing stroll in the sunshine for john howard, a chance to press the flesh of friendly voters in bennelong, his sydney seat.
3			statistics	business	movie	production	company	finance	money	industry			dreamworks soars on 1st day shrek sized hopes lift shares up 38 shares of dreamworks animation skg inc. jumped 38 percent on the first day of trading yesterday as investors anticipated shrek sized profits from the computer animation film studio.
2			politics	baseball	history	basketball	sport	football	maryland	wrestling			maryland football: terps stun fifth ranked florida state as the boston red sox buried decades of futility and anguish this week, the maryland football program has slain its own mighty dragon.
2			baseball	college	espn	basketball	sport	football	saturday	usc			usc, oklahoma wary of weekend 1 2 punch going in, this looks like a big weekend for the nation 's best two teams. the question is, will it look that way by saturday night?
3			thursday	business	china	investing	economics	company	greed	finance	competition	money			wall street looks set for a mixed start wall street looked set for a mixed start on thursday as oil prices remained near two week highs and investors braced for a clutch of economic data and earnings from high profile firms like goldman sachs and nike .
4			network	software	privacy	technology	encryption	analytics	seo	security			symantec to acquire stake stake focuses on digital security consulting services and products to assess and manage risks in enterprise environments. the company 's smartrisk services cover software applications, critical
1			election	politics	democrat	voting	clinton	kerry	debate	republican			kerry tours fla. asking for early votes florida voters get to cast their ballots for president beginning monday, and democrat john kerry planned to spend all day asking for their votes.
4			science	nano	nature	discovery	biotechnology	evolution	technology	energy	innovation			nanotech will tap nature's potential, investor says venture capitalist says a revolution is at hand, despite a setback like nanosys' canceled ipo.
4			industry	recycling	computer	safety	manufacturing	technology	manufacturer	security	printing			lexmark recalls 39,400 us printers printer manufacturer lexmark is recalling 39,400 laser printers following fears over potential electric shocks. the printers could potentially short circuit and present a danger of injury to users although there have been no reports of any incidents.
2			baseball	olympics	athletics	sport	race	athlete	swimming	phelps	competition			phelps dominates 200 im for fourth gold american michael phelps won his fourth gold medal of the olympics in the 200 meter individual medley thursday night, leading the entire race. phelps finished in an olympic record time of 1 minute, 57.14 seconds, lowering his own mark of 1:58.52 set in the semifinals one night earlier...
4			barrett	intelligence	technology	energy	innovation	hp	analytics	intel	industry			barrett still has some fight in him orlando, fla. intel 's chief executive craig barrett may be set to retire soon, but he 's going out fighting. speaking to more than 6,500 technology executives at an industry conference sponsored by market
2			politics	game	gaming	sport	entertainment	arena	gambling	industry			viacom panel to look at video game arena given that its chairman owns a large stake of a video game company, media giant viacom inc. has appointed a three person committee to evaluate dealings in the video game arena and protect against potential conflicts of interest.
4			engineering	biotechnology	technology	evolution	automation	robot	robotic			dancing to that robotic engineering beat the work of prof. naomi ehrich leonard at princeton university shatters barriers, interweaving control theory, fluid mechanics, robotics, and biology.
4			privacy	technology	company	internet	google	money			google ipo shares surge in market debut shares of google inc. goog surged nearly 22 percent in their market debut thursday, the culmination of a unique and bumpy initial stock offering for the 6 year old dot com dreamed up in a college dorm room.
1			politics	president	history	violence	sport	football	strategy	terrorism			video game exploits death of past president in light of concerns about video game violence, the release of a controversial new game isnt helping the issue. very different from the games that are usually released each week, jfk reloaded was released monday.
1			politics	election	democracy	evolution	religion	god	ethics			in net politics, it's god vs dog votes, bits bytes meetup founder puts pugs against repubs
4			computer	privacy	technology	internet	networking	email	security	linux			iscsi gets some respect having received a renewed boost from those who see it moving out of niche markets, iscsi internet scsi may finally be getting some much needed respect.
4			australia	electricity	network	technology	broadband	internet	telecommunication			telstra australia welcomes 1 million broadband customers written by net 4 nowt telstra achieves broadband milestone telstra today announced that more than one million broadband customers had been connected to its network across australia.
3			trading	trend	company	market	stock	growth	finance	money	industry			stocks rise; nasdaq, s p at 3 month highs stocks rose sharply on friday in heavy trading as software company peoplesoft inc. and chip related stocks boosted the nasdaq and standard poor's 500 indexes to their highest closes in about three months.
4			virus	computer	hacking	software	privacy	technology	worm	security	linux			computer worm 'sniffs out passwords the first computer worm to eavesdrop on network traffic after it infects a computer has been discovered by security experts. the sdbot.
4			electronics	computer	graphic	manufacturing	technology	performance	patent	color	industry			ati technologies 4th qtr profit doubles as sales rise ati technologies inc., the world 's no. 2 maker of computer graphics chips, said fourth quarter profit more than doubled on surging demand for components used in digital televisions and mobile phones with color screens.
4			galaxy	graphic	device	mobility	technology	samsung	intel	linux			samsung doubles memory density according to a samsung release, the device is the most advanced graphics double data rate synchronous dram available for graphics card makers, as well as game console manufacturers.
2			usa	boxing	baseball	olympics	espn	jazz	basketball	sport	nba			dream team beaten by argentina 89 81 athens, greece aug. 27, 2004 the us men 's basketball team will go home from the olympics without a gold medal for the first time since it began using nba players after the americans were beaten soundly by argentina 89 81 in the semifinals friday.
3			job	business	ceo	mr	management	aviation	flying	money			us air to cut some management jobs bankrupt us airways group. inc. said on monday it would eliminate hundreds of management and nonunion jobs and impose wage and other cuts to save more than $ 45 million annually as it tries to overhaul its business and survive.
4			computer	school	learning	technology	child	information	ai	education			dell believes education is best way to fight spyware the computer maker and a nonprofit organization have launched a project to teach people about spyware and how to avoid it. by thomas claburn.
4			computer	war	wireless	technology	internet	warfare	communication	terrorism	security			us to build wireless network for future warfare the pentagon, which invented the precursor to the internet 40 years ago, has laid the first connections for a secure, wireless information network that proponents say will fundamentally transform warfare, a us newspaper reported.
4			mobile	business	network	wireless	technology	telecommunication	patent	carrier	competition	phone			calling verizon and cingular 1 and 1a is ok when cingular completes its purchase of at wireless, it'll leapfrog verizon wireless to become the nation's no. 1 mobile phone company by the most common measures subscribers and sales.
4			application	detail	hardware	software	patent	linux			treo 650 voice dialing by voicesignal palmone is now offering a voice dialing application for the treo 650, based on voicesignal 's voice recognition system. the application, which requires approximately
4			mobility	intel	technology	evolution	performance	speed	linux			intel shift over need for speed intel has dropped plans for 4ghz version of its flagship pentium 4 chip, making a shift in approach.
3			job	business	technology	company	innovation	hr	education	industry			ask a premier 100 it leader: dan agronow dan agronow, vice president of technology at the weather channel interactive inc., answers readers' questions about new job opportunities and skills development.
4			ethernet	technology	cisco	networking	ibm	security	linux			cisco buys p cube for $ 200m. international internet networking giant cisco systems, inc. agreed monday to acquire herzliya based p cube, inc. for approximately $ 200 million in cash and options.
2			baseball	history	magic	movie	basketball	sport	football	usc			almost! inspired beavers throw scare in usc before falling 28 20 truly magical moments in college football history come only every so often, and oregon state didn 't experience one saturday night at reser stadium.
4			battery	computer	privacy	technology	google	money	phone			google finds its way onto cellphones google has come to cellphones the cheap ones, not just the fancy color screen models with web access.
4			electronics	computer	networking	technology	power	energy	hp	computing	linux			amd improves opteron 's power computers built with advanced micro devices opteron processor soon will be able to take advantage of the same power management technology the company has already built into its laptop and desktop microchips.
4			electronics	television	privacy	technology	marketing	advertising	innovation	tv			cell phone tv is coming europeans are a step closer to having television on their mobile phones: two groups of companies said they would push forward with consumer trials and establish a standard for the technology.
4			mobile	network	wireless	technology	broadband	telecommunication	networking	carrier	sprint			sprint targets businesses with wireless management services sprint is launching a set of services designed to help businesses get a better grip on the array of wireless devices and applications that enterprises are rolling out with increased frequency.
4			mobile	game	gaming	technology	smartphone	wireless			game on for wireless data although set to remain a niche market, mobile gaming will continue its rise as a generator of wireless data usage and revenue, new research has claimed.
4			statistics	data	privacy	technology	storage	database	information			fastt100 offers cost effective, reliable storage for consolidation ... while a great deal of the data residing within organisations today is not accessed regularly, the ect act as well as basic business strategy maintains that this seldom accessed data is business critical.
2			baseball	sport	nfl	football	fantasy			the nfl is in a league of its own you need to be involved in a fantasy football league? why? the real stuff provides enough drama without making things up.
2			homecoming	sport	football	hope	pride			playing it smart at madison park, coach dennis wilson's mp pride chant isn't the only phrase that's sticking like peanut butter. there's a new slogan that's catching on at the school.
4			politics	america	computer	technology	internet	money	email			postal service trying to stay competitive from teaming up with a rock band to selling restaurant gift cards online, it isn't ben franklin's post office any more. the u.s. postal service is battling to keep its place in electronic america by going on the internet.
4			computer	technology	speed	hp	intel	computing	linux			celeron 335d, the disguised willamette celerons form the basis of intel 's entry level platform which includes integrated value motherboards as well. the celeron 335d is the fastest until the celeron 340d 2.93ghz becomes mainstream of the
4			hacking	linux	software	privacy	technology	vulnerability	security	windows			microsoft talks security, seriously products announced this week to streamline software patch delivery are just part of microsoft 's overall efforts to tighten system security, scott charney told attendees of the it forum in copenhagen this week.
4			manufacturing	production	china	technology	economics	growth	innovation	money	industry			us economy: orders show factories boosting growth orders for durable goods including computers and communications equipment rose last month by the most since march, evidence that us manufacturing is gaining momentum less than two months before the presidential election.
4			computer	hacking	business	software	technology	finance	networking	money			jackbe's technology cuts to the quick several years ago, two mexican brothers took out credit card loans to start jackbe corp., providing software that helps companies perform business over the web more efficiently and securely.
1			election	america	politics	democracy	china	race	washington	fraud	money			election overseers want big win administrators are hoping that the victor in this year's presidential election will win by a wide margin. a close race, they fear, will result in more charges of voter fraud and demands for recounts. kim zetter reports from washington.
4			electronics	computer	manufacturing	storage	technology	semiconductor	patent	silicon	imaging	industry			national semiconductor to sell unit national semiconductor corp. said monday it agreed to sell its imaging business, which makes chips used in small cameras and cell phones, to camera giant eastman kodak co., as it focuses on its main business of making analog chips.
1			election	politics	protest	democracy	parliament	censorship	afghanistan	terrorism	security			parliament slip up the british government was reported to be considering tough new measures yesterday, including banning demonstrations near parliament, following the most flagrant breach of parliamentary security in living memory.
1			politics	america	election	rating	democracy	bush	money			scorecard on the president: a mixed bag president bush 's performance evaluation is underway now, and his scores will be determined by the voters who are weighing whether he has met the goals he set for himself four years ago.
4			electronics	battery	electricity	technology	charging	energy			oxyride battery to be sold in the u.s. a battery developed by matsushita electric industrial that delivers 1.5 times the power of a regular alkaline battery is going on sale in the united states and europe in april 2005.
2			coaching	baseball	kansas	graduation	basketball	sport	recruiting	football			k state guard willingham won 't be back point guard dez willingham won 't be back for his sophomore season at kansas state, coach jim wooldridge said monday. willingham, who started 11 games last season, was not around for the start of classes last wednesday.
3			insurance	business	ceo	management	shareholder	company	compensation	corporation	money	ethics			update 3 two marsh mclennan executives step down two marsh mclennan cos. mmc.n: quote, profile, research executives linked to an insurance market bid rigging investigation stepped down from their positions
4			ibm	business	data	technology	company	cisco	networking	patent	industry			cisco systems earnings rise 29 percent cisco systems inc. csco , the biggest maker of equipment that directs data over the internet, on tuesday said quarterly earnings rose 29 percent on stronger demand for
4			cable	network	privacy	broadband	wireless	technology	communication	telecommunication			verizon wireless won 't oppose nextel swap verizon wireless said on tuesday it would not oppose a plan that would give nextel communications inc. nxtl.o: quote, profile, research valuable new wireless airwaves, sending nextel 's shares up more than 3 percent.
4			network	connectivity	ethernet	broadband	technology	communication	networking	link			linksys inks verizon voip deal, intros products cisco systems inc 's linksys home networking division yesterday said it has made a deal with verizon communications to have linksys kit used in verizon 's voicewing voice over ip service.
4			computer	chip	hardware	intel	technology	memory	silicon	linux			intel looks to get back on track after its recent delays and missteps, chip maker sets its sights on a dual core future.
4			supply	manufacturing	production	demand	technology	marketing	pharmaceuticals	availability	logistics	industry			splenda is splendid the world's sole manufacturer of sucralose reports that demand far outstrips supply.
1			politics	election	violence	negotiation	talk	iran	terrorism	tactic	weapon	surprise			ira shutdown hinges on talks as prime minister tony blair and irish taoiseach bertie ahern go into the second day of peace talks with the political parties, paramilitary weapons were central to chances of success.
2			coaching	controversy	boxing	espn	basketball	sport	football	player	nba			nba smackdown the nba suspended four players indefinitely yesterday for their involvement in one of the worst fights in professional sports history friday, in which players stormed into the stands and exchanged blows with fans.
3			politics	business	tourism	sale	marketing	shopping	strategy	advertising	money			investors hope for strong retail reports will wall street wrap up another year end rally in time for the holidays? a key job creation report and the strength of the weekend's shopping kickoff will determine the rally's fate in the week ahead.
2			coaching	baseball	statistics	retirement	espn	sport	recruiting	football	coach			wannstedt steps down as dolphins coach dave wannstedt resigned tuesday as head coach of the miami dolphins after the team sunk to an nfl worst 1 8 record. defensive coordinator jim bates will take over as interim coach for the remainder of the season.
4			web	technology	marketing	website	advertising	content			macromedia bids for more ebay users ebay sellers have a new content management tool to help them post storefronts faster, thanks to a newly customized macromedia toolset.
4			job	work	technology	migration	ft	industry			verizon expands fttp sites, to hire up to 5,000 to accelerate ... verizon announced fttp deployment to homes and businesses in delaware, maryland, massachusetts, new york, pennsylvania and virginia bringing to nine the total number of states where work is under way.
3			politics	computer	business	ceo	oracle	strategy	uncertainty	bankruptcy	money			does new peoplesoft ceo signal a buyout? is peoplesoft 's founder and long time chief executive back at the helm to accept oracle 's takeover bid, or to dig in for a long term battle?
1			politics	money	lukas			lukas, paulson gamble with azeri however else he leans in the upcoming election, we already can be sure of one thing about d. wayne lukas. he must be. he has taken his classic lady, azeri, one of the
4			technology	power	performance	optimization	speed	pricing	intel	linux			sun panther chip doubles clock speed san jose, microsystems inc. officials disclosed tuesday that the ultrasparc iv panther chip will offer twice the performance of the ultrasparc iv.
4			network	collaboration	software	technology	system	networking	security	linux			open source moves to network management a california based start up says the open source business model makes sense for network monitoring, a services intensive area.
4			google	technology	number			skulls mobile trojan learns bluetooth the skulls trojan horse we warned you about last month didnt do much since users had to install it themselves thats why its called a trojan .
2			game	sport	golf	football	strategy	competition	racing			outrun 2 stays in neutral outrun 2 looks great, plays great but ultimately offers too short a challenge.
4			currency	electronics	computer	technology	card	paper	money	plastic			debit cards give plastic edge over paper 2003 was the first time plastic and other electronic payment methods beat out paper, according to a survey released yesterday by the federal reserve.
4			industry	computer	pc	linux	trend	technology	hp	pcs	windows			idc raises 2004 pc outlook, trims 2005 forecast market research firm idc has raised its 2004 forecast for global personal computer sales growth to 14.2 percent from 13.5 percent, driven by high commercial demand, it said on monday.
4			electronics	lcd	china	technology	japan	silicon			hitachi, matsushita, toshiba to jointly make large lcd panels japanese hi tech giants hitachi, matsushita and toshiba said they have agreed to jointly produce large liquid crystal display lcd panels for flat screen televisions with one billion dollars in fresh investment.
4			flash	device	chip	usb	technology	storage	card	memory			sandisk doubles memory card capacities new cards provide more memory for cameras, cell phones and other consumer devices.
4			network	ethernet	wireless	technology	internet	networking	linux			ethernet creator evangelizes on new networking revolution bob metcalfe inventor, entrepreneur, pundit, and venture capitalist is just back from europe and jet lagged.
1			election	politics	coalition	democracy	iran	iraq	afghanistan	terrorism	party			iraq parties join forces to avert defeat in the months before the invasion of iraq, the united states groomed exiled opposition groups as the nucleus of a future government to replace saddam hussein. now with elections approaching, the parties still enjoy little support among ordinary iraqis who view them as corrupt puppets of washington.
1			election	politics	result	romania	polling	bulgaria	russia	candidate			basescu leads romania presidential runoff reformist opposition candidate traian basescu was winning romania's presidential runoff in a tight contest, according to partial official results released monday.
4			ibm	manufacturing	technology	storage	system	manufacturer	patent			ibm unpacks new storage gear new york ibm has introduced two new storage products that the company said provides customers with better performance at a lower cost.
4			america	potato	china	biotechnology	technology	innovation	industry			u.s. land of potatoes aims to be high tech hotbed jeffrey moeser and his company are aiming to change the future of home entertainment.
2			politics	baseball	violence	gaming	basketball	sport	football	drug	wrestling			hip hop culture contributes to nba 's bad rap not everything that ails the nba is solved by the rest of the season suspension of the indiana pacers ron artest. it would be irresponsible to suggest anybody should have foreseen a brawl coming.
4			statistics	data	trend	technology	patent	ibm	research	industry			amd big gainer in 3rd quarter microchip sales idc advanced micro devices inc. amd.n: quote, profile, research captured nearly 10 percent of computer microchip market revenue in the third quarter, the highest level
4			radio	music	technology	broadband	internet	telecom	telecommunication	industry			kazaa to dial up a respectable living kazaa, the internet site which attracted the fury of the music industry by allowing users to download tunes for free, has ventured into the telecoms sector.
2			baseball	statistics	rams	soccer	volleyball	sport	basketball	athletics	football	coach			marshfield rams way to final the last time the marshfield girls' soccer team traveled to the division 1 state final, in 2000, it earned its ticket by defeating newton north in the emass final. the last time they won a state title, in 1994, the rams beat newton north on penalty kicks.
4			electronics	computer	music	technology	car	religion	advertising	drug	money			computer users face new scourge chuck harris remembers when the internet was fun and he'd spend hours reading his favorite news sites, checking the church calendar, browsing the shops. then, a few weeks ago, he lost control of his computer. it turned into a giant electronic billboard.
4			privacy	technology	patent	blackberry	silicon	marijuana			wireless patent suit still murky research in motion rimm , maker of the popular blackberry wireless e mail device, got mixed news in court tuesday and a worst case scenario that would stop blackberry sales in the usa.
3			job	business	manufacturing	collaboration	company	workplace	networking	ibm	hr			ibm cranks up client software push big blue fills out its workplace initiative with bundles tailored for medium size businesses and for specific industries.
4			game	gaming	chip	hardware	technology	intel	playstation	sony			playstation 3 chip on track sony revealed new details monday on the chip that will power the next version of its playstation video game machine and said development is on track to deliver products based on the chip next year.
4			virus	computer	hacking	privacy	technology	security			hold the phone: hackers starting to infect our cells several web sites this month began offering software promising ring tones and screen savers for certain cellphones. but those who downloaded the software found that it turned
2			baseball	shark	volleyball	basketball	sport	jazz	golf	football	tennis			block party: kirilenko swats shots as jazz run past la their starting point guard sat injured behind the bench, dressed in a nifty sport coat. their backup point guard was nowhere to be seen, recovering instead from arthroscopic knee surgery.
4			electronics	philip	manufacturing	chip	technology	semiconductor	silicon	intel	industry			philips warns on chip sales europe 's top consumer electronics group philips cut the forecast for its closely watched chip unit on friday and predicted a significant slowdown for the semiconductor industry next year.
4			million	technology	option	innovation	bankruptcy	competition	money	silicon	industry			contract chip makers spared intel 's woes, for now singapore taipei, september 6: the world 's top contract chip makers are not yet feeling the slowdown in demand that led intel corp to cut its third quarter forecasts, but analysts say the relief may be just temporary.
1			politics	election	jihad	democracy	violence	war	religion	terrorism	weapon	torture			peru rebels 'to give up weapons' the man who led a bloody occupation of a police station in peru says his followers will surrender on monday.
2			coaching	baseball	basketball	sport	defense	football	washington	maryland	baltimore			maryland wins exhibition travis garrison scores 20 points, and maryland overcomes a lackluster first half to beat bryant college 100 85 in an exhibition game.
2			boxing	baseball	game	olympics	volleyball	basketball	sport	athletics	football			baton passed to beijing as curtain comes down on athens the curtains came down on the athens olympics under a full moon sunday after the sports extravaganza returned to the country of its birth and revival as the biggest in history.
4			computer	chip	hardware	intel	technology	performance	networking	memory	silicon	linux			multicore designs might force intel off its bus as intel moves in step with the rest of the chip industry toward the multicore design era, it is preparing to overhaul the memory bus architecture that has served it well for so many years, according to company executives and analysts.
4			mobile	business	microsoft	technology	nokia	phone	industry			nokia grows phone market share in better than expected quarterly ... nokia has announced its third quarter results, beating expectations and growing market share, but showing a decline in revenues from mobile phones after a price cuts pushed through in the previous quarter.
2			baseball	statistics	game	television	espn	sport	nfl	football	madden			'nfl 2k5' edges out 'madden nf' the virtual football championship matchup this year pits madden nfl 2005 against espn nfl 2k5 from sega's espn videogames division. both e rated titles excel at delivering the national football league experience to your living room through a combination of excellent controls, online gameplay and improved defensive features.
1			election	politics	bribery	corruption	scandal	russia	fraud	terrorism	money			kremlin choice wins in chechnya election the russian government's candidate to lead warring chechnya easily won a presidential election held in the wake of last week's terrorist destruction of two airliners, election officials said monday. the opposition charged voting was tainted by fraud...
4			virus	hacking	software	privacy	technology	encryption	security	linux			mcafee beefs up virusscan security updated antivirus software for businesses adds intrusion prevention features.
4			electronics	computer	chip	hardware	intel	technology	semiconductor	patent	silicon			amd, ibm extend chip development deal chipmaker will pay big blue nearly $ 300 million, but move should help in competition with intel.
1			politics	grey	mr	business			sorrell: i ll make grey more profitable sir martin sorrell said today that ed meyer, the 77 year old chairman of grey global, was ready to accept his advice on how to make the company he has just sold much more profitable.
3			expansion	store	trend	price	sale	market	retailer	growth	retail			wal mart same store sales up 2.4 percent wal mart stores inc. , the world's largest retailer, on thursday said sales at stores open at least a year rose 2.4 percent in september, slightly higher than its preliminary report but still toward the low end of its forecast range.
2			coaching	baseball	basketball	sport	football	money			buckeyes screwed over by postseason ban members of the new ohio state basketball staff have worked on fixing their current team for nearly six months. from the outside, it hasn 't seemed that long, but it probably felt like a year or more to the
2			coaching	espn	basketball	retirement	sport	recruiting	football	dr	coach			steve spurrier set to take south carolina coaching job one legendary coach will replace another at south carolina next season. according to published reports, former university of florida and washington redskins coach steve spurrier will take over the as head
4			wired	network	ethernet	technology	broadband	nokia	wireless	telecommunication	networking			kazaa offers unlimited free internet phone calls wired wireless continues its reign as the top it priority among it managers due to widespread ip telephony deployment and other network infrastructure upgrades.
1			politics	competition	drew	football			the end is here for once great bledsoe the end came, for all intents and purposes, at 11:20 last night. it was at that moment, in another losing effort against the patriots, that drew bledsoe was yanked from the game in favor of rookie j.p. losman, who is still recovering from a broken leg. bills coach mike mularkey's decision to risk his still healing no. 1 pick ...
4			failure	privacy	technology	storage	vulnerability	encryption	port	security	reliability			port security may be aided by electronic container seals the homeland security department could access data stored in the electronic container seal, but failure rates must be below 5. by larry greenemeier.
4			computer	business	privacy	telecom	technology	telecommunication	competition	money	canada			nortel turns a tiny corner the canadian telecom equipment maker has issued its first post accounting scandal financial update. so far, so good ...
4			testing	test	google	technology			google tests short message service google on thursday, october 5, announced a new test service. people will need only mobile phones or handheld devices and they should tap google 's web search via text messages, or short message service.
1			politics	election	terror	violence	democracy	voting	afghanistan	terrorism	security	fear			karzai: vote without fear afghan president hamid karzai has told his supporters to vote without fear at a rally in a kabul stadium the taliban once used for beheadings.
2			politics	baseball	history	hockey	sport	football	russia	skating	canada			sport's future in world of trouble there is no mystique to it anymore, because after all, the russians have become commoners in today's national hockey league, and finns, czechs, slovaks, and swedes also have been entrenched in the original 30 long enough to turn the ongoing world cup of hockey into a protracted trailer for the nhl season.
4			virus	hacking	trojan	software	worm	technology	security	linux			skulls trojan targets symbian smartphones a new trojan on the internet attacks the nokia 7610 smartphone and possibly other phones running symbian series 60 software. we have located several freeware and shareware sites offering a program, called
3			business	manufacturing	company	education	corporation	employment	employer	industry			companies expand services for working mothers general mills is among a host of companies that have expanded services for working mothers beyond just maternity leave and flexible hours, according to working mother magazine, which released its 19th annual list tuesday of the 100 best companies for working mothers.
4			business	network	privacy	technology	telecommunication	networking	ibm	email			airespace wins ibm partnership for wifi service airespace, a silicon valley telecom services start up, won a partnership with international business machines corp. that will help airespace grab a piece of the growing market for wifi services, the two companies told reuters on wednesday.
4			technology	hp	utility	efficiency	computing	linux			hp rejiggers utility computing line hewlett packard next year will take a fresh approach to its utility computing initiative with a product designed to reduce the cost of running corporate computing systems.
4			electronics	computer	device	hardware	software	technology	tech	equipment	gear			digital gear: gadgets, networks go mobile a high capacity cigar, keys to the internet, disc repair tools, bluetooth add on kit, and more.
4			cable	ethernet	telecom	technology	copper	communication	telecommunication	patent			phone line alchemy: copper into fiber verizon and the other bell companies are offering a service to replace copper wire technology with high speed fiber optic lines in an effort to hold on to customers.
3			income	business	revenue	china	sale	loss	profit	money	earnings			nu skin warns on profit, shares drop nu skin enterprises inc. on monday warned of earnings and revenue below analysts' estimates due to higher expenses in asia, sending shares of the personal care and nutrition products maker plunging 27 percent.
3			search	business	trend	technology	google	growth	innovation	research	competition			search industry welcomes google ipo, sees growth google inc. goog.o: quote, profile, research competitors large and small welcomed the web 's most popular search engine into their ranks as a publicly traded company on thursday, saying the search industry ...
4			flash	usb	technology	storage	apple	linux			sandisk ups capacity on flash memory cards com september 30, 2004, 11:11 am pt. sandisk announced thursday increased capacities for several different flash memory cards. the sunnyvale, calif.
4			chemicals	biotechnology	technology	marketing	pharmaceuticals	pricing	drug	healthcare			perrigo to buy agis, a maker of generic prescription drugs the perrigo company, the world 's largest maker of store branded over the counter drugs, plans to announce today that it has reached an agreement to buy agis industries, a developer and
4			breakthrough	nano	progress	hardware	discovery	technology	evolution	innovation	complexity	silicon			breakthrough promises hotter, tougher, faster chips powerful processors that run hot but need no cooling and devices capable of withstanding extreme environments may be the result of new research reported today in nature, the science journal.
1			election	politics	beijing	democracy	china	parliament	corruption	governance			china party chief rules out full democracy chinese communist party chief hu jintao called for parliament to take a stronger watchdog role on the eve of a key leadership meeting but ruled out western style democracy
3			statistics	revenue	data	sale	finance	fraud	money	industry			pitney bowes quarterly profit rises office document management company pitney bowes inc. on monday said its third quarter profit and revenue rose driven by strength in its core postage meter business.
2			coaching	retirement	basketball	football	coach			word of weis spreads quickly when willingham was let go a week and a half ago, the word spread quickly across notre dame 's campus. now the news that a new coach is in place is all over campus too.
4			privacy	technology	broadband	internet	telecommunication	networking	industry			new numbering system planned for internet calls cheap telephone calls made using broadband internet connections came a step closer yesterday when ofcom, the industry regulator, laid out its plans to help the take up of the new technology.
2			coaching	baseball	history	espn	basketball	sport	recruiting	football	coach			holtz introduced as east carolina 's football coach east carolina introduced former south carolina assistant skip holtz as its head football coach on friday, welcoming him as the man to lead the program into a new era.
3			worker	manufacturing	production	company	manufacturer	factory	productivity	industry			factories speed ahead, consumers spend the outlook for u.s. manufacturing improved in november as factories hired more workers in response to a jump in new orders, a national survey published on wednesday showed.
4			motorola	mobility	hardware	technology	apple	patent	intel	linux			freescale to launch smaller, faster g4 processor tony smith of the register uk has published a look at freescale 's upcoming smaller, faster g4 processor. freescale is the name of motorola 's spun off
2			mobile	baseball	network	espn	sport	technology	football	stats			espn dials a cell deal listen up sports fans, espn 's about to bring its news, stats, scores, and video to cell phones. the disney owned cable tv powerhouse has inked a deal with sprint to launch the first espn branded cell phone.
3			price	marketing	market	finance	pricing	competition	money	industry			market miscellany buy kingfisher 307p , the international diy retailer. last week the group, which owns the b q chain in the uk and castorama on france, reported a better than expected 18 per cent rise in interim pre tax profits.
3			inflation	company	market	stock	growth	finance	oil	money	industry			stocks rally, end above 10,000 stocks rose sharply yesterday, extending their rally for a second session as investors expressed relief over plummeting oil prices following a government report that showed an increase in crude inventories. the dow jones industrial average had its second straight triple digit gain, pushing back above the 10,000 mark.
3			brand	product	business	trend	china	sale	marketing	fashion	industry			pacific sunwear 3q profit up 30 percent pacific sunwear of california inc. on monday reported third quarter profit rose 30 percent as sales increased at its pacsun and demo apparel chains.
3			business	trend	sale	cosmetics	marketing	growth	health	avon	industry			avon third quarter profit rises avon products inc. avp.n: quote, profile, research on friday posted higher quarterly earnings as business in latin america and europe helped offset weakness in the united states for the direct seller of cosmetics.
3			business	revenue	stock	growth	finance	profit	rs	money			kmart posts profit; cash pile grows kmart holding corp. kmrt.o on monday reported its third consecutive quarterly profit despite slumping sales as it cut jobs and reduced advertising and discounts, boosting its cash pile to 2.6 billion.
3			investor	shareholder	oracle	company	finance	bankruptcy	corporation	competition	money	email			oracle wins peoplesoft shareholder vote oracle chalked up a key victory friday in its battle to acquire peoplesoft, with investors agreeing to sell the suitor 60 percent of peoplesoft 's outstanding shares.
4			microsoft	technology	advertising	innovation	patent	office	email			microsoft wins smart tags case a jury decides the office technology doesn't impose on another software maker's patent.
4			electronics	battery	computer	technology	power	apple	money	color			first look: apple's slim new imac g5 beautiful display and plenty of power, but what's up with the nonadjustable base?
4			manufacturing	trend	technology	aging	growth	innovation	silicon	industry			omnivision's no flash in the pan the specialty chip maker predicts a lean transition quarter, but it plans a rebound in 2005.
4			industry	linux	unix	software	technology	migration	ibm	windows			delay linux migration, advises experts businesses should delay switching to linux until it managers can give a better business case for adoption, says research. and although linux is still seeing double figure growth, following support by ibm, hp
4			computer	chip	technology	performance	memory	silicon	intel	computing	linux			intel scraps faster version of pentium 4 the world 's largest chip maker will shift research spending to a 3.8 ghz pentium chip that will have twice the memory of the current version.
4			radio	mobility	talk	technology	marketing	communication	push	media			nextel, verizon set aside differences nextel agreed not to oppose verizon wireless use of the term push to talk when marketing a competing walkie talkie service.
1			election	politics	protest	democracy	censorship	russia	ukraine	terrorism			ukraine court delays results in vote dispute the unexpected ruling shifted momentum in the capital toward the official loser, viktor a. yushchenko, and the thousands of demonstrators in independence square.
4			mobile	device	mobility	technology	nokia	silicon	computing	linux			amd 's 2005 mobile push off to early start gericom and packard bell nec plan to use the mobile sempron 3000 chip in new notebooks before the end of the year, but amd 's new processor looks unlikely to overturn intel 's solid advantage in the notebook market.
1			politics	money	fear	bankruptcy			disney 's eisner: ovitz irritated other top staff walt disney co. chief executive michael eisner on tuesday said michael ovitz 's troubles were rooted in a sense of elitism, pointing to a corporate retreat at which
3			trading	business	trade	sale	management	london	market	competition	retail			marks and spencer unveils major management shake up british retailer marks and spencer announced a major management shake up as part of efforts to revive its fortunes, saying trading has become tougher ahead of the crucial christmas period.
3			inflation	business	investing	economics	stock	finance	oil	money			stocks rise; siebel boosts tech shares u.s. stocks rose on monday as oil prices eased a little and friday's start of quarter buying spree continued into the new week.
2			baseball	hockey	espn	basketball	athletics	sport	boston	recruiting	football			bu to induct four into hall hockey star david sacco, a two time first team all american and a finalist for the 1993 hobey baker award, leads the list of four former boston university athletes who will be inducted into the school's hall of fame oct. 9.
4			computer	game	im	gaming	software	technology	ai	windows			for an inventor, im opens a window to a world of games a california software developer turns instant message windows into a platform for video games.
2			mlb	baseball	television	nbc	espn	sport	football	entertainment	tv			major league approves baseball channel for tv major league baseball has approved the creation of a national cable television channel devoted to america's favorite pastime, but regular season games may be confined to the dugouts for the network's first year, a top league official said on friday.
3			business	acquisition	management	marketing	strategy	corporation	hr	security	merger			no changes from merger in view yet two days after a pair of the country 's oldest, largest retail companies announced they would join forces, managers at the bay area 's sears and kmart outlets were guarded in their
4			electronics	manufacturing	technology	image	sensor	patent	camera	photography	imaging	industry			ibm, kodak team up to make image sensors for cameras new york, september 16 new ratings international business machines corporation and eastman kodak company ek have agreed to jointly develop and manufacture image sensors for mass market consumer products, such as digital still cameras and
2			baseball	money	football			the jets extra attention to tackling is paying off jets linebacker eric barton was sweating profusely as he trudged off the practice field friday. do not confuse a bye week with an off week for the jets, who get back
1			politics	diplomacy	diplomat	war	negotiation	china	espionage	strategy	terrorism	tactic			paying china for pressuring pyongyang the use of pressure tactics is one of the ancient principles of diplomacy. not many nations practice it as effectively as the united states, the lone superpower.
2			politics	doping	race	sport	football	drug	money	racing			first pics dc tests for red bull having denied rumours for the past week that the scot would run for them, red bull finally came clean first thing on wednesday morning.
4			fast	trend	technology	broadband	internet	growth	speed	industry			u.s. broadband growth slows analyst u.s. telephone and cable companies saw the growth of high speed internet services slow in the second quarter to the lowest rate in a year, an industry research firm said on tuesday.
4			mobile	electronics	sony	computer	device	technology	nokia	innovation	linux			palmone to unveil new handheld organizer handheld computer maker palmone inc. plans to unveil monday a new memory packed personal digital assistant that can double as a portable usb flash drive.
4			cable	television	network	privacy	technology	communication	telecommunication	networking	carrier	competition			carriers see key rulings soon the major u.s. regional carriers want to leapfrog cable operators with advanced video services over ip internet protocol , and expected upcoming u.s. federal communications commission fcc rulings may help pave the way for those roll outs.
2			coaching	history	statistics	espn	sport	football	scoring	competition	montana			different routes, same result as teams gird for title game it no longer matters that montana 's drive to the ncaa division i aa football championship game has featured six straight homefield victories all
4			computer	manufacturing	technology	performance	ibm	silicon	computing	industry			ibm triples transistor performance with germanium ibm has successfully demonstrated a new technique for improving transistor performance that will help the company build smaller, more powerful chips in the next decade, company researchers said monday.
2			coaching	baseball	espn	soccer	athletics	sport	basketball	nfl	football			american football: patriots extend nfl winning streak to 20 games foxboro, united states : the new england patriotshave have extended their national football league winning streak to 20 games with a 30 20 victory over the seattle seahawks.
1			politics	america	election	history	washington	strategy	debate	money			vice presidential debate takes on new importance vice president dick cheney will square off with his democratic rival john edwards in a televised debate tuesday that suddenly takes on importance for the republicans after george w. bush's tepid showing last week.
2			doping	olympics	athletics	sport	football	russia	competition	gymnastics			protesting fans stop gym final angry fans stopped the final of the men 's gymnastics high bar for 10 minutes as they booed judges for a poor score that destroyed russian alexei nemov 's chance of a 13th olympic medal.
2			medal	history	game	olympic	olympics	athletics	sport	football	greece			olympic games hit stride with medals free for all norway, germany, france, britain romania, new zealand and australia all looted the gold medal chest in the athens olympic rowing basin on saturday, as greece counted the cost of the games in national pride and treasure.
4			application	software	technology	evolution	automation	optimization	analytics	ai			apm gets smart with proactivenet's latest intelligent software is the holy grail of application development especially in the apm application performance management arena, where system administrators are perpetually on the lookout for more efficient ways to sift through mountains of metrics and alert data.
4			hacking	privacy	technology	broadband	internet	communication	telecommunication	phone			vonage talks of 911 advancements vonage, an internet phone service provider, and emergency telecom specialist intrado say together they ve conducted successful trials of an advanced means of making emergency phone calls using the internet.
4			network	privacy	technology	broadband	wireless	communication	telecommunication	networking			senate panel weighs in on wireless directory the senate commerce committee voted yesterday to require cell phone companies to get the approval of individual customers before listing their wireless phone numbers in public directories.
4			electronics	computer	hacking	pc	hardware	technology	sharp	pcs	design			sharp puts its pc in the living room sharp will make its first play for the living room pc space later this year with a machine that looks less like a computer and more like a consumer electronics product.
1			politics	election	history	democracy	corruption	terrorism	money			mexico city mayor delivers fourth address mexico city mayor andres manuel lopez obrador launched a spirited defense of his administration and dismissed looming scandals as political vendettas friday during what was likely to be his last state of the city address. the mayor vowed he was not going to negotiate my principles.
2			politics	ferrari	race	sport	football	motorsport	money	racing			f1 boss sues in slur row the formula one boss wants damages and an apology after sir jackie suggested on the bbc that he had broken promises made to sports minister richard caborn to save the british grand prix.
4			history	ethernet	technology	cisco	telecommunication	networking	security	reliability			cisco turns 20 com december 10, 2004, 4:00 am pt. when cisco systems unveiled its latest and greatest network router in may, it trumpeted the event as a watershed.
2			coaching	baseball	clemson	espn	basketball	sport	acc	recruiting	football	coach			upsets shake up acc losses by florida state and miami leave virginia tech and virginia in position to control their own destiny as they chase conference football title.
1			election	politics	computer	democracy	political	strategy	money	politician			'political machine' game brings politics to pc political couch potatoes who can't get enough of the impending presidential election will find endless fun with the political machine. this new pc game from ubisoft pits you as a string pulling presidential puppet master, aka the campaign manager.
4			windows	game	graphic	hardware	technology	microsoft	tool	security	linux			xamlon looks to beat microsoft to the punch start up xamlon releases user interface tools that give early access to microsoft's forthcoming graphics in windows.
1			election	politics	campaign	voting	polling	poll	football	campaigning	money			campaign season lasting into december is saturday the end of a football season or election day? between speculation about polls and appeals to voters, it 's difficult to tell.
4			device	manufacturing	chip	intel	technology	testing	semiconductor	silicon	linux			intel testing rosedale wimax chip intel has started testing its wimax chip, dubbed rosedale. the chip manufacturer is shipping test versions of the chip to equipment manufacturers and is involved in trials with carriers.
3			industry	insurance	product	business	manufacturing	sale	profit	finance	retail	healthcare			home depot profit rises on services, pros home improvement retailing leader home depot inc. on tuesday reported a 15 percent rise in third quarter profit, topping estimates, aided by sales in its installed and professional businesses.
4			hardware	technology	dvd	patent	video	dvds	hd	industry			hd dvd promotion group formed the hd dvd promotion group will facilitate exchanges of information among hardware companies, device manufacturers and content firms, and organize joint promotion of hd dvd to support early product launches and market expansion.
1			election	politics	minister	pm	portugal	democracy	censorship	corruption	resignation			portugal pm, cabinet submit resignations portugal's prime minister said on saturday he and his cabinet had submitted their resignations, a move that came a day after a snap election was called.
4			mobile	windows	application	device	wireless	nokia	technology	linux			vodafone launches wi fi windows mobile vpa iii vodafone today announced a windows mobile based device dubbed the vodafone personal assistant iii, or vpa iii, with superior connectivity via w lan hotspots or gprs data.
4			computer	privacy	technology	storage	internet	blog	networking	email	linux			icq updates its web based e mail service offers 2gb of storage, wireless access, and video e mail for a fee.
3			taxation	revenue	business	tax	corporate	finance	bankruptcy	corporation	money			president oks overhaul of corporate tax law president bush yesterday signed into law the most sweeping changes to the corporate tax code in nearly two decades. the bill creates roughly $ 140 billion in tax cuts for businesses and
4			acquisition	technology	integration	standard	architecture	seo	availability	security			actional, westbridge merge for web services web services management vendor actional and westbridge technology, which sold security infrastructure for web services, are merging to focus on what company officials call soa service oriented architecture enablement.
1			election	politics	mozambique	democracy	voting	poll	angola	corruption			mozambique voters head for polls the people of mozambique, one of the world's poorest countries, are voting in presidential and parliamentary elections.
4			product	europe	technology	spain	innovation	orange	industry			orange launches talk now orange announced the commercial availability of talk now, europes first advanced push to talk service. over the last nine months, orange has engaged in customer trials across europe to develop and refine
1			election	indonesia	president	history	politics	democracy	iran	terrorism	afghanistan			indonesian former general sworn in as president former general susilo bambang yudhoyono took office as indonesia's first directly elected leader on wednesday after sweeping to power by vowing faster job growth, a war on corruption and tough punishment for terrorists. a solemn looking yudhoyono was sworn in at parliament in front of the very legislators many expect will challenge the big popular mandate he won in indonesia's historic democratic presidential ballot last month.
3			politics	business	ceo	management	transparency	privacy	money			sarin asserts control in shake up of vodafone management team arun sarin, the chief executive of vodafone, moved to grab more day to day control of the world 's biggest mobile phone company yesterday by announcing a management shake up which
4			science	electricity	technology	power	energy	innovation	research	education	physics			student 's projects win $ 100,000 in siemens westinghouse ... aaron goldin, a senior san dieguito high school academy in encinitas, ca, won the $ 100,000 grand prize scholarship in the individual category for inventing the gyro gen, a gyroscope that converts ocean wave energy into electricity.
4			computer	business	network	connectivity	technology	communication	telecommunication	networking	email			sbc readies 50,000 node ip phone system at ford sbc communicationswill design, implement and manage an ip internet protocol telephony system for more than 50,000 employees at ford motor's world headquarters and other facilities, the carrier said tuesday.
4			electronics	network	wireless	technology	communication	sensor	networking			what 's in the box? radio tags know that, and more bm plans to announce today that it will invest $ 250 million over the next five years and employ 1,000 people in a new business unit to support products and services related to sensor networks.
2			politics	baseball	history	yankee	television	sport	football	time	rivalry			red sox vs. yankees: bitter enemies clash with series on line stick a tape in the vcr and save it for posterity. clip the newspapers. buy the frame for the ticket stub. baseball history beckons. boston red sox vs. new york yankees. the american league championship series that opens tuesday night in yankee stadium pits teams that have been bickering for 100 years.
2			baseball	basketball	sport	football			stuck in the middle the last time we saw the guys in the horned helmets, they were standing numbly in nawlins while their star spangled rivals carried adam vinatieri off the superdome floor. the patriots have earned another set of championship rings since then and strung together a 21 game winning streak. and the st. louis rams have gone on a jolting carnival ride that still ...
2			boxing	statistics	olympics	basketball	sport	scoring	score	competition	gymnastics			scoring dispute won 't hurt sport when paul hamm won the olympic gold medal for olympic all around gymnastics, nbc analyst tim daggett proclaimed it the greatest sports moment he d ever witnessed.
3			statistics	government	business	manufacturing	service	finance	employment	industry			services sector index slips in september growth in the vast u.s. services sector slowed in september, with a significant decrease in prices paid but a solid employment component, according to an industry survey published on tuesday.
3			coal	business	lumber	growth	profit	logging	georgia	industry			weyerhaeuser 3rd quarter earnings rise weyerhaeuser co. 's third quarter profit rose on higher prices for lumber and a large gain from the sale of timberlands in georgia, the company said on friday.
4			trend	technology	company	growth	patent	google			google rises in market debut shares of google inc. goog.o rose 15 percent to 98 in the first minutes of their nasdaq stock market debut on thursday after the year's most anticipated initial public offering priced far below initial estimates.
3			efficiency	sale	growth	profit	consumer	competition	money			profit rises 27 at whole foods by bloomberg news. whole foods market inc., the largest natural foods grocer in the united states, said yesterday that fourth quarter profit rose 27 percent as sales increased.
3			acquisition	nothing	shareholder	company	profit	corporation	merger			us: no acquisitions on horizon at coke speaking to analysts and investors yesterday the ceo of soft drinks giant the coca cola company said there were no immediate plans for any major acquisitions.
4			computer	chip	intel	technology	semiconductor	performance	patent	silicon			texas instruments posts higher 3q profits third quarter profits at texas instruments inc. grew by $ 116 million from a year ago due to rising demand for its chips used in high end mobile phones and digital light processing systems for big screen televisions.
3			income	revenue	growth	profit	finance	loss	risk	money	earnings			earnings alert: at t posts $ 7.1 billion loss plus: lucent's 1st profitable year since issues sunny net income inches higher, despite legal bill.
4			ibm	statistics	linux	data	software	technology	storage	patent	industry			idc: storage resource management software sales soar emc led the overall storage software market in the second quarter, with a 32.5 revenue share, up 3.4 percentage points over the same quarter of 2003, according to idc. veritas held on to its second place position in the market.
3			revenue	sale	loss	profit	risk	competition	money			coca cola warns on profit, shares fall coca cola co. , amid signs that is it losing market share to arch rival pepsi, on wednesday warned that profit would lag wall street expectations for the rest of the year because of weakness in key markets and said there was no quick fix for its problems.
4			giant	privacy	microsoft	technology	company	security			microsoft takes giant step against spyware microsoft has beefed up its security portfolio by purchasing anti spyware specialist giant company software. a test version of a spyware protection, detection and removal tool based on giant 's
4			computer	linux	hardware	technology	networking	switch	security	server			hewlett packard adds high speed switch to its blade servers hewlett packard is looking to jump into the lead in the growing server blade market at least temporarily with its announcement wednesday that it will integrate brocade communications systems
4			graphic	chip	intel	technology	apple	hp	patent	silicon	linux			nvidia, intel sign agreement intel has followed up its patent cross licensing agreements with graphics processor maker ati technologies with a similar one with rival nvidia.
4			business	privacy	technology	encryption	email	security			mcafee launches managed mail security service mcafee introduces a multi function managed e mail service for small and mid sized businesses.
3			rating	share	trend	price	company	stock	growth	finance	money			bskyb subscribers beats forecasts bskyb sees its share price rise after it reports better than expected new subscriber numbers.
4			ibm	computer	manufacturing	technology	performance	patent	silicon	computing			ibm triples transistor performance with germanium ibm researchers today said they have successfully demonstrated a new technique for improving transistor performance that will help the company build smaller, more powerful chips in the next decade.
4			electronics	battery	computer	manufacturing	chip	hardware	technology	patent	industry			radio shack exec joins amd board david edmondson, president and coo of the retailer, has been elected to the board of the chipmaker.
2			coaching	baseball	history	sport	defense	football			patchwork secondary was in prime position it is logical, if you coach offensive football for a living, to look at the patriots secondary as presently constituted and see opportunity.
1			politics	election	controversy	protest	democracy	censorship	terrorism	freedom			trial of saudis proposing democracy postponed amid protest a saudi judge postponed the trial of three advocates seeking democratic overhauls yesterday after their supporters, in a rare show of public dissent, demonstrated for access and then protested loudly once allowed into court.
4			linux	unix	software	technology	japan	reliability	pricing	distribution	industry			idc says linux market will top $ 35 billion by 2008 the overall market revenue for linux desktops, servers and packaged software will exceed us $ 35 billion by 2008, research published today has claimed.
3			revenue	price	figure	sale	marketing	growth	profit	earnings			us: pepsico q3 figures on the rise pepsico has posted a rise in q3 revenue and operating profit. the drinks and snack company today 30 september reported earnings for the three months to 4 september of us $ 1.
2			boxing	baseball	hockey	espn	basketball	sport	nba	canada	toronto			raptors edge benetton treviso chris bosh scored 23 points and hauled down nine rebounds to lead the toronto raptors to an 86 83 nba pre season victory over italian powerhouse benetton treviso on wednesday.
1			election	politics	israel	democracy	corruption	terrorism	money			prosettlement party to quit sharon government over pullout a prosettlement party said yesterday that it plans to quit israeli prime minister ariel sharon's coalition government over his plan to pull out of the gaza strip and part of the west bank, further eroding his hold on power.
2			baseball	team	sport	rule	winning	football			but seriously folks being at home isn't what you think in the nfl. heading into the weekend, 10 teams remain undefeated at home, but we're only talking two or three games. let the season play out, but don't be surprised if that figure is less than what it was a year ago four unbeatens at home .
2			pittsburgh	history	hockey	baseball	soccer	sport	car	football	softball			steelers need wins to match patriots heinz field doesn't look very hospitable now that november has yielded to december, leaving the midsection of the playing field barren of grass and as rough and tumble as a north side alleyway.
2			baseball	basketball	athletics	sport	football	quarterback	offense			cougars may be 1 3, but they aren 't hurting from lack of exposure pardon me if this is disjointed, but i ve just returned from a hugging party and ... well ... i ma little wound up!!! 1. quarterback john beck 's throwing motion is as effortless and aesthetically pleasing as manny ramirez 's swing.
4			computer	business	hardware	software	storage	economics	technology	networking	money			can emc find growth beyond hardware? it has outgrown mere storage. now it wants to manage every part of the corporate data flow. has any computer company had a more dramatic reversal of fortune in the past three years than emc corp.
4			computer	technology	marketing	internet	email	im			instant messaging is growing up, going to work im dnwfm, wfu? br if you're an avid instant messenger, you probably know what i mean: instant messaging doesn't work for me, does it work for you? yet i appear to be on the way to becoming a minority, a fuddy dud resisting the text chat party. instant messaging, or im, is catching on with...
4			electronics	computer	device	chip	technology	semiconductor	silicon	intel	industry			ibm, amd speed chips, strain wafers researchers at ibm and advanced micro devices inc. have improved a chip making technology called strained silicon, boosting semiconductor performance at a time when such gains are increasingly hard to come by, the companies said on sunday.
4			india	connectivity	technology	broadband	ip	internet	google			india unveils policy to help make nation 'internet superpower' india announced the creation of a national internet service hub to connect all service providers and boost web traffic in the country of one billion people.
4			hacking	software	privacy	technology	encryption	patent	security	linux			universities struggling with ssl busting spyware experts call marketscore software a privacy threat.
4			computer	business	software	microsoft	technology	oracle	security	linux			the soft underbelly of software deals it 's been a heck of a week for the software industry. first there was oracle 's dec. 13 long sought after deal to acquire rival peoplesoft psft for $ 10.3 billion.
3			income	business	revenue	sale	marketing	tax	finance	profit	money			profit at talbots up 4.8 for 2nd quarter talbots, the clothing retailer, said yesterday that second quarter profit rose 4.8 percent as sales increased and the company benefited from the resolution of an income tax issue.
4			human	privacy	technology	internet	communication	consumer	money	ethics			customer service: the hunt for a human in the internet age, making telephone contact with a human for customer service is a daunting task. some companies no longer disclose phone numbers. but some consumers have found ways around the blockade.
3			trade	business	china	japan	growth	confidence	competition	money	industry			japan 's business confidence slips the bank of japan said wednesday the confidence of the nation 's largest manufacturers has fallen for the first time in more than two years.
4			analytics	business	java	collaboration	sale	technology	development	patent	linux			jboss takes on business process management the company monday announced it has hired tom baeyens, the founder and lead developer of jbpm, an open source workflow engine. as with its other products, jboss will sell services and support for jbpm which
4			electronics	computer	electricity	printer	manufacturing	laser	technology			lexmark, dell and ibm printers can pose shock hazard about 39,400 laser printers made by lexmark international inc. and sold by lexmark, ibm corp. and dell inc. can pose an electrical shock hazard, the u.s. consumer product safety commission cpsc warned tuesday.
2			coaching	baseball	history	miami	sport	football	berlin			qbs randall, berlin came into own virginia tech's bryan randall and miami's brock berlin finally have emerged from their predecessors' shadows.
3			computer	acquisition	ceo	technology	microsoft	company	strategy	corporation	merger			microsoft eyes larger acquisitions microsoft 's financial chief said this week that the software giant is more likely to make big acquisitions than it has been in the past.
4			electronics	computer	television	intel	technology	semiconductor	tv	silicon	linux			intel switches off tv chip in another change of plan, semiconductor giant intel has cancelled a project to develop a chip for projection tvs, saying it plans to focus its resources in other areas.
2			competition	sport	speed	football			paul hamm, in keeping medal, misses opportunity the moment when paul hamm hit his high bar routine was one of the most electrifying sports moments ive ever seen. i cant recall seeing something that i immediately felt was so outstanding
4			technology	marketing	profit	patent	education	industry			leapfrog warns on 3q, year profit view leapfrog enterprises inc., a developer of technology based educational products, on monday lowered third quarter and full year profit expectations, citing difficult market conditions.
4			battery	mobility	technology	telecommunication	growth	patent	money	phone	industry			motorola expects strong sales in 2nd half motorola inc. , the second largest mobile phone maker, said on tuesday it expects to sustain strong sales growth in the second half of 2004 on new handsets, sparking a 4.7 percent jump in its shares.
4			industry	taiwan	manufacturing	china	hardware	technology	japan	semiconductor	silicon	linux			amd to migrate all cpu production to 90nm soi process in 2005 advanced micro devices amd is expected to migrate all of its cpu production to 90nm silicon on insulator soi processes in early 2005, according to sources at taiwan motherboard makers, citing amds latest roadmap.
1			politics	controversy	war	corruption	scandal	bias	terrorism	journalism			cbs names panel to probe bush guard story cbs news appointed former u.s. attorney general dick thornburgh and former associated press chief executive louis boccardi to investigate what went wrong with its story on president bush's service in the national guard...
4			dell	computer	manufacturing	software	technology	pricing	hp	silicon	linux			component prices play key role in dell earnings r dell rode a wave of falling computer component prices to higher profits during its third quarter. the round rock, texas, pc maker on thursday posted double digit third quarter revenue and profit increases
4			computer	television	technology	internet	advertising	content	tv			product review: msn's webtv grows up during the dot com boom, people who didn't want to miss out on the web and e mail craze but didn't want to buy a real computer could get webtv, which delivered the internet through the warm, friendly glow of their tv sets.
2			baseball	statistics	school	volleyball	athletics	sport	soccer	football	tennis			girls' top 20 following is the globe top 20 in emass for girls' soccer. no. team record last 1. belmont 14 0 1 1 2. oliver ames 13 1 0 2 3. lynnfield 15 0 0 3 4. norwell 15 0 0 5 5. andover 14 1 0 4 6. bishop feehan 11 1 1 6 7. old rochester 14 1 1 7 8. marshfield 10 1 4 9 9. wellesley 9 0 5 8 10. weymouth 12 1 2 10 11. rockland ...
4			ibm	manufacturing	technology	microsoft	apple	patent	email	industry			ibm product to challenge data storage leader emc ibm on friday will take aim at the heart of data storage equipment leader emc corp.'s market with a product that will allow emc buyers to switch to ibm.
4			electronics	computer	television	sport	technology	football	tech	strategy			just keep clicking from digital video cameras on the sidelines to sony playstation 2s in the locker room, technology is changing the way coaches and players prepare for games.
4			computer	hacking	terrorist	privacy	technology	terrorism	money	security			the call is cheap. the wiretap is extra. at first glance, it might seem like the simple extension of a standard tool in the fight against the bad guys. but in fact, wiretapping internet phones to monitor criminals and terrorists is
3			business	network	finance	bankruptcy	distribution	money	email	security			nortel again delays earnings restatements nortel networks has again delayed posting its long awaited restated financial results, moving its target release date to mid november.
1			politics	america	democracy	bush	washington			you say you wanna revolution do you hate the government? do you want to smash the corporate slave state? are you an anarchist, punk, eco freak with a bad haircut and attitude? is your idea of a fun hobby sitting in your basement practicing your bomb making skills? do you listen to rage against the machine all the time and have your walls lined with posters of che guevara? do you actually want to do something to bring about the revolution instead of getting stoned and rambling about the zapatistas? well here's something easy and powerful you can do to help bring the walls down: vote for bush.
2			baseball	yankee	sport	race	football	money			race is on again spin it any way you want. convince yourself the yankees are in the midst of a colossal collapse and on the verge of being shut out of the postseason.
3			statistics	business	revenue	sale	technology	company	research	money	industry			samsung electric quarterly profit up samsung electronics co. ltd. 's quote, profile, research quarterly profit jumped 46 percent from a year ago on strong memory chip earnings, but fell
1			politics	britain	violence	democracy	power	terrorism			paisley: it 's now or never the democratic unionist party leader, ian paisley, emerged from downing street talks today and said that republicans had a now or never chance to disarm and do a deal with him on power sharing.
2			baseball	history	statistics	hockey	soccer	sport	football	canada			canadian women 's hockey team edges us 2 1 to win four nations cup the canadian women 's hockey team drew inspiration from its gold medal performance at the olympics to beat the us 2 1 and win the four nations cup on sunday.
2			coaching	baseball	hockey	wisconsin	basketball	sport	goaltender	football	scoring			ciocco's two goals give unh tie josh ciocco scored two goals to lead the no. 8 ranked university of new hampshire men's hockey team to a 4 4 tie with the no. 3 university of michigan last night in ann arbor , mich.
3			statistics	business	trend	company	stock	finance	drug	research	money	industry			before the bell merck rises 1.52 pct, 61,000 shares traded shares of drugmaker merck co. inc. mrk.n: quote, profile, research traded 1.52 percent higher on volume of more than 61,000 shares in pre market dealings on friday, a day after
2			coaching	baseball	basketball	athletics	sport	football			burying their demons they have not come here to trumpet their arrival to the atlantic coast conference. no, that will come next year when boston college officially becomes the acc's 12th member. instead, the eagles have arrived at groves stadium for today's nonconference game on espn2 against wake forest, an acc opponent next season, with a more urgent matter on ...
3			farmer	insurance	business	sale	growth	retail	bankruptcy	farm			franks nursery crafts files for chapter 11 franks nursery inc., a lawn and garden specialty chain that grew out of a depression era produce market in detroit, filed for bankruptcy wednesday for a second time and said it would close all 169 of its stores.
4			politics	business	telecom	technology	communication	telecommunication	innovation	networking	industry			turning the corner sasken communications, which provides embedded software to the telecom industry, has seen its fortunes change for the better the last year.
1			politics	violence	democracy	war	chaos	anarchy	iraq	conflict	afghanistan	terrorism			blair denies iraq post war chaos warning british prime minister tony blair has denied reports that his foreign minister, jack straw, had warned him a year before the us led invasion of iraq that a war could push the country into chaos.
1			politics	election	controversy	protest	protester	activist	terrorism	demonstration			gop protesters refused use of central park a federal judge ruled monday that two protest groups cannot use new york city's central park as a site for a demonstration days before the republican national convention.
4			electronics	device	technology	innovation	apple	patent	samsung	seo	intel			samsung unveils 2 gigabyte chip samsung electronics announced three breakthroughs in key technologies that promise greater data storage and faster processing for computers and mobile devices such as mp3 audio players.
4			revolution	manufacturing	technology	automation	robot	robotic			robotic revolution the use of robots around the home to mow lawns, vacuum floors, pull guard duty and perform other chores is likely to increase sevenfold by 2007, says a new un survey, which credits dropping prices for the robot boom.
1			election	america	politics	history	democracy	strategy	money	victory			in this climate, victory 's no picnic, either the long and bitter presidential campaign will it is widely and devoutly hoped be over in nine days. one man will win, and the voters will be rewarded with either george w. bush 's ownership
4			privacy	technology	broadband	education	telecommunication	innovation	money	phone			vonage talks of 911 advancements in rhode island, will there be an answer to a major problem for the internet phone industry?
1			election	indonesia	politics	democracy	polling	poll	corruption	religion	jakarta			poll predicts landslide defeat for megawati indonesia 's president megawati looks set for a crushing defeat at next monday 's presidential election run off, according to an opinion poll published in jakarta today.
4			electronics	network	connectivity	ethernet	wireless	technology	networking	switch	linux			lucent partners with riverstone lucent hopes riverstone's ethernet switches and routers will help it round out its product lineup.
4			network	telecom	nokia	siemens	technology	telecommunication	industry			siemens, bbc announce $ 3.35 billion deal industrial group siemens ag said friday it has signed a $ 3.35 billion contract to deliver technology services around the world to the british broadcasting corp.
2			coaching	baseball	history	chief	atlanta	basketball	sport	football			chiefs first win was crucial dick vermeil walked around the visitors locker room at m bank stadium as monday night gave way to tuesday morning, offering pats on the back, congratulatory handshakes and hugs to his kansas city chiefs players.
2			baseball	soccer	sport	football	stadium	seattle	washington	money			approval for new stadium in washington hits a snag maybe the idea of financing a new stadium here for the relocated montreal expos seemed easy last month when the city received the news that major league baseball would send the team to the nation 's capital.
4			computer	chip	hardware	intel	technology	performance	apple	hp	silicon	linux			intel unveils plans for multitasking chip chip maker intel corp. has announced plans to improve its flagship products in ways that could redefine the role of a microprocessor in a computer and help the company stay ahead of its competitors.
4			cyber	computer	hacking	privacy	technology	vulnerability	encryption	terrorism	security			tougher cyber security measures urged a group representing technology industry executives yesterday called on the bush administration to step up efforts to protect the nation's computer and internet infrastructure, and it proposed that the top official in charge be given a higher profile.
1			politics	election	democracy	china	voting	kabul	iran	afghanistan			crisis over, afghanistan heads for vote count with a threatened boycott its historic presidential election firmly relegated to the background, afghanistan took first steps on tuesday to begin counting votes.
2			mlb	baseball	nascar	espn	basketball	sport	football	economics	money			baseball: economics and the playoffs description: npr 's robert siegel talks with our regular sports commentator stefan fatsis of the wall street journal about major league baseball.
4			ibm	business	technology	ip	networking	patent	email			ibm lands voice, data deal worth nearly $ 1 billion the voip deal is the type of technology outsourcing and service agreement that has become an increasingly large and profitable part of ibm 's overall business and the sort of development that
2			dream	baseball	basketball	sport	football	coach			neither a dream nor a 'team this is my dream for future so called american dream teams, no matter if they swing a golf club or cross over on the dribble. not only that, they sit in coach.
4			electronics	device	technology	nokia	semiconductor	samsung	silicon	intel			samsung creates ultra small chip samsung electronics has succeeded in developing an 8 gigabit flash memory chip, breaking another world record in semiconductors, the company announced yesterday.
2			coaching	injury	retirement	sport	recruiting	football	player	change			healthy iverson vows changes this season allen iverson declared monday that he is 100 percent and promised to be a better leader and teammate.
2			baseball	yankee	retirement	sport	football	money			yankees gm knows his next mission told his job is safe for now, cashman will seek answers to team 's pitching collapse. by mike fitzpatrick. new york brian cashman 's job is safe at least for now.
3			business	privacy	investing	company	stock	growth	profit	money	earnings			briefly: web services security outfits merge roundup plus: groups push on for tv on cell holders cut ipo shares...transmeta starts new chip, warns on earnings.
4			computer	network	privacy	technology	networking	money			wireless data gamble kent thexton took a gamble when he crossed the atlantic to become co ceo of seven. but the notion of the cell phone as gateway to the internet isn't the easy sell it was on the other side of the pond.
3			trend	china	sale	car	marketing	growth	profit	competition	money			same story at circuit city circuit city nyse: cc , like its rival best buy nyse: bby , preannounces its sales numbers every quarter. today, where circuit city 's second quarter was concerned
4			mobile	electronics	device	technology	smartphone	nokia	innovation	linux			idc sees continuing decline in pda market for the third straight quarter, shipments of handheld devices fell as some prominent vendors decided to pull back from the market, according to research firm idc.
2			coaching	baseball	espn	basketball	sport	boston	detroit	playoff	nba	knicks			knicks embarrassed in opener at the garden boston smacked its hosts around and pinned a defeat on the knicks, who absorbed their most lopsided home opening loss.
1			politics	america	election	democrat	democracy	kerry	washington	republican	money			this support for kerry came at a bad time last thursday 's presidential debate was still in progress when the e mails started trickling in from citizens around the country.
2			politics	money	sport	football			vikings mccombs openly lobbying for move or maybe he ll cash ... his team has a 5 1 record, his franchise quarterback is having an mvp type season and his fan base is energized by the prospect of a super bowl run.
4			computer	manufacturing	technology	performance	machine	innovation	ibm	silicon			ibm triples transistor performance with germanium ibm has successfully demonstrated a new technique for improving transistor performance that will help the company build smaller, more powerful chips in the next decade, company researchers said yesterday.
1			politics	election	computer	democracy	voting	privacy	technology	fraud	security			voting methods under close watch if you think the country is divided and rancorous about the presidential contest, try polling a few experts about the accuracy and security of electronic voting.
1			politics	president	democracy	gate	tax	money	security			gates in silicon valley bill gates made three public appearances during a trip to california late last week. some of the more interesting moments, as captured in the media coverage: san francisco chronicle: gates took questions
3			business	europe	london	finance	risk	competition	money	banking			omx has no interest in buying london stock exchange omx the european stock market group made up of the stockholm, helsinki and baltic stock exchanges does not intend to get into in a bidding war with deutsche boerse for the london stock exchange, omx 's president designate said in a
4			business	collaboration	technology	project	microsoft	ibm	ai	linux			ibm buys montreal firm 's project management expertise ibm corp. tuesday announced plans to acquire software vendor systemcorp alg for an undisclosed amount. systemcorp of montreal makes project portfolio management software aimed at helping companies better manage their it projects.
3			investor	investment	investing	financial	economics	finance	money	banking			more management changes at credit suisse credit suisse first boston, the securities unit of the credit suisse group of zurich, replaced adebayo o. ogunlesi as head of investment banking with its president, brian d. finn, eight weeks after brady w. dougan was named chief executive.
4			electronics	nano	electricity	genetics	biotechnology	technology	energy	algae	cancer			nanotechnology may change energy industry bismarck, n.d. jack uldrich says his stain resistant pants are just the beginning for a technology that could someday be used to create cell phones so small they can be sewn into clothes and enhance electrical transmission through power lines.
4			computer	coffee	technology	internet	networking	google	cafe			it all started with a good cup of coffee ten years ago last wednesday, cafe cyberia, billed as the world's first internet cafe, opened in the west end of london.
4			processor	computer	linux	microsoft	technology	hp	networking	intel	computing	windows			gateway pc keeps it cool gateway on friday unveiled a pc designed to stay cool even when handling applications that use a lot of power. the 700gr computer features intel 's balanced technology extended, or btx, architecture, in which
4			computer	privacy	technology	internet	networking	email			commentary: virtual numbers changing all the basic technology is called voice over ip and it is referred to as voip. free! sign up here to receive our sitewatcher e newsletter!
4			windows	software	privacy	technology	vulnerability	microsoft	strategy	security	linux			microsoft slowly rolling on service pack 2 updates microsoft is starting to ramp up distribution of its massive security update for the windows xp operating system. but analysts say they still expect the company to move at a relatively slow pace to avoid widespread glitches.
4			industry	network	ethernet	technology	standard	ip	networking	linux			10 gigabit ethernet hits the enterprise vendors hewlett packard, alcatel and s2io each announced 10 gigabit ethernet products monday that are aimed squarely at enterprise data centers.
4			ibm	computer	technology	innovation	networking	patent	computing	linux			blue gene supercomputer joins ibm 's eserver family its not just the wonderful iseries that comes out of ibm rochester. the clever folks at the minnesota hotbed of technical innovation are also responsible for the bluegene l supercomputer
4			device	mobility	connectivity	technology	migration	gateway	networking	pcs	windows			gateway expands pc configuration options gateway plans to overhaul its consumer pc lineup thursday with new configurable models that will be sold exclusively through the company's web site and call centers.
1			election	politics	controversy	history	democracy	corruption	fraud	terrorism	afghanistan			opposition alleges afghan election fraud afghanistan's historic presidential election turned sour saturday when all 15 candidates opposing u.s. backed interim president hamid karzai withdrew in the middle of voting, charging the government and the united nations with fraud and incompetence. in the end, faulty ink not taliban bombs and bullets threatened three years of painstaking progress toward democracy...
2			coaching	sport	football	religion	coach	brad	god			mort: coach keeps nfl door open, leery of full time dave wannstedt withdrew his name thursday from the search for a new coach at the university of pittsburgh, he told espn 's chris mortensen.
2			boxing	cycling	game	olympics	volleyball	athletics	sport	competition	event			ioc considering possible addition of five sports to 2012 olympics the international olympic committee has notified the governing bodies of golf, rugby, squash, karate and roller sports that they will be studied further as part of a review of the games competition schedule.
1			election	politics	democracy	voting	poll	corruption	russia	ukraine	fraud			ukraine appears set for new poll it looks likely that ukraine will hold a new election as it awaits a supreme court verdict on electoral fraud.
4			sony	technology	ip	copyright	patent	research	physics			technology ; sony and samsung to cross license patents sony and samsung started negotiations on the cross licensing deal in december 2003. the agreement is broad, covering 94 percent of sony 's 13,000 us registered patents, and a similar percentage of samsung 's 11,000 us registered patents.
4			nano	biotechnology	technology	invention	innovation	patent			tiny ideas coming of age nanotechnology is confronting the u.s. with a familiar problem assessing claims of innovation that do not match up neatly with the way patent examiners are trained to categorize them.
3			manufacturing	technology	growth	profit	innovation	productivity	competition	money	industry			snap on ratchets down expectations the hand tool manufacturer beats estimates, but internal growth can't match competition.
4			mobile	network	technology	broadband	internet	communication	telecommunication	networking	email			bellsouth, sbc communications to purchase atlanta bellsouth and san antonio based sbc communications are joining forces in an effort to lead the way in internet based phone directories.
4			coal	electricity	technology	power	energy	oil	efficiency	industry			merrill lynch returns to energy trading news research , despite a checkered history in the energy sector, is jumping back in with its acquisition of the energy trading business of entergy koch.
4			privacy	broadband	marketing	internet	technology	advertising	consumer	email			sbc links e mail, voice messages, faxes new service lets consumers access an all in one mailbox from anywhere with a phone or the internet.
4			security	computer	linux	technology	storage	hp	ibm	computing	server			storage, servers brings down hp results hewlett packard blindsided analysts with news that its third and fourth quarter earnings would badly miss estimates primarily because of problems in its server and storage division.
1			election	politics	putin	democracy	political	corruption	russia	ukraine	politician			orange revolution after many years under the rule of the corrupted government there is a new hope for ukraine: the new presidential elections. among 28 candidates the 2 primary are the opposition candidate victor yushchenko reformer which served as the prime minister in the past and was allegedly poisoned 1 month before the first tour of the elections and the government's candidate victor yanukovich twice convicted in the past of rape and organized robbery, currently serving as the prime minister, having strong ties with mafia clans and holding in iron fist authorities across ukraine .
3			price	sale	marketing	company	growth	profit	competition	earnings	industry			unilever cuts annual profit forecast as sales falter unilever, the maker of lipton tea and magnum ice cream bars, said third quarter earnings will fall and cut its annual profit forecast after sales of the company 's main brands unexpectedly declined for a second quarter.
4			dos	computer	linux	hardware	technology	pcs	reliability	security	server			nec blade server bundles linux nec solutions america is shipping a version of its blade server bundled with a fault tolerant version of linux.
4			windows	product	electronics	technology	innovation	patent	design	industry			hot gadget preview at ces 2005 awards best in consumer electronics displayed at ces innovation awards.
2			coaching	retirement	basketball	porter	sport	recruiting	coach			porter deserved top coach honors last season forget about hubie brown, jerry sloan and larry brown terry porter should have been last season 's coach of the year if only for getting the most out of the least.
4			electronics	computer	electricity	television	privacy	technology	advertising	tv			public tv zapper hot product a keychain device that enables people to turn off tvs just about anywhere is flying off the shelves, its inventor says.
2			olympics	athletics	sport	swimmer	athlete	paralympics	swimming	paralympic			swimmer issues crowd plea alexandros taxildaros is hoping to have a large home crowd behind him when he begins his paralympic campaign next week. one of 12 swimmers who will be representing the host nation, he certainly
1			politics	election	diplomacy	violence	democracy	war	peace	corruption	power	terrorism			world squabbles over un security council seats the united nations quest to reform the security council has turned into a public brawl between aspiring powers seeking a permanent seat at the top table and a larger number of jealous neighbours seeking to keep them out.
3			politics	business	trade	marketing	supermarket	competition	retail	logistics	merger			likely retail 'third force to chew over there s a sense of deja vu about the metcash takeover offer for western australia based foodland associated, because if andrew reitzer and his management team can pull it off it may finally create a competitive national third force in retailing to take
4			computer	business	nothing	technology	tech	ibm	money	security	fear			commentary: is outsourcing on the outs? the announcement sent ripples of anxiety through the tech world. on sept. 15, j.p. morgan chase co. said that it was terminating a seven year, 5 billion technology outsourcing deal with ibm. for many, it's an article of faith that corporations will gradually hand off ever more of their technology operations to big service providers such as ibm, accenture , and electronic data systems . yet here was the nation's second largest bank taking its tech back because it was strategically too important to be left to an outsider...
2			baseball	mike	mr	sport	football			mcdonough shocked he's not coming back his emotions alternating between his trademark humor and broken voiced sadness, veteran broadcaster sean mcdonough confirmed yesterday that nesn informed him last friday that he will not be part of the red sox broadcast team in 2005.
4			mobile	cable	network	technology	company	seattle	telecommunication			comcast taps microsoft for seattle set tops the software titan's cable software will be offered to more than 500,000 customers in the company's hometown.
4			science	electronics	radio	computer	battery	device	biotechnology	privacy	technology	drug			tiny radio tracking devices to stop bogus drugs impotence drug viagra may soon carry radio chip tracking devices under an american food and drug administration fda initiative to prevent theft and counterfeiting.
2			baseball	running	athletics	sport	race	football	swimming	money			world record in sights of 100 meter field we re going to have a party, maurice greene said saturday, looking forward to sunday 's final in the olympic men 's 100 meter dash.
4			hacking	linux	software	privacy	technology	encryption	finance	security	industry			symantec to buy veritas for 13.5 billion security software maker symantec corp. has agreed to buy veritas software corp. for 13.5 billion, expanding into the backup and recovery software market, the companies said on thursday.
3			australia	statistics	business	technology	marketing	finance	pricing	money	security	industry			update 1 ingram micro to buy tech pacific for $ 493 mln ingram micro inc. im.n: quote, profile, research , the world 's largest computer products distributor, on monday said it would acquire australia based tech pacific for $ 493 million in cash, including debt.
1			politics	america	inflation	election	rating	democracy	economics	greed	money			us consumer confidence dips again us consumer confidence hits a seven month low ahead of next week's presidential election.
1			politics	britain	war	democracy	peace	iraq	terrorism			i don 't deserve to die: briton 's plea to blair britain yesterday ruled out negotiating with the abductors of a briton in iraq, despite a desperate plea for help from the hostage.
1			election	politics	israel	democracy	iran	iraq	religion	terrorism	media			israel's peres urges likud hardliners to back coalition labour party chief shimon peres appealed to hard liners in prime minister ariel sharon's likud on friday to drop their opposition to forging a unity coalition seen as vital to keeping israel's gaza withdrawal on track.
4			network	connectivity	collaboration	technology	networking	security			new network consortium cites power of shared systems a group of 28 it, defense and integration companies formed a new consortium to develop technology standards and guidelines that will aid collaboration among military, intelligence, homeland security and law enforcement agencies.
4			politics	computer	technology	power	people	corporation	money	leadership			power people it 's not hard to imagine corporate executives treating terry penney 's ideas with skepticism. penney, an engineering manager at the us government 's national
4			mobile	network	privacy	technology	broadband	internet	wireless	telecommunication	networking			wireless to drive internet growth, tech leaders say wireless services will lead the next growth phase of the internet as venture capitalists who helped fund the early boom open their wallets again, industry leaders said monday.
4			mobile	device	mobility	technology	nokia	networking	intel	computing	linux			intel debuts centrino pentium m 765 with 2mb cache intel pentium m processors, along with intel 855 chipset family and the intel pro wireless network connection family, are key components of intel centrino mobile technology intel 's best technology for mobile computing.
3			business	technology	marketing	strategy	competition	google			msn beta search engine somewhat launched msn beta search engine somewhat launched it's finally happened, msn has launched their new beta test of the autonomous msn search their own search engine. no longer is msn dependent upon looksmart or inktomi and other partners wasn't direct hit one of them in the past? to produce search results ...
2			baseball	homecoming	espn	basketball	mr	sport	boston	football			umass walking on air after win the bus ride to the airport in warwick, r.i., was a raucous one for the university of massachusetts men's basketball team yesterday afternoon. over and over, the team watched the highlight from thursday night when rashaun freeman hit the go ahead basket against connecticut and then leapt into the crowd with 4.3 seconds left on the clock.
4			dell	computer	linux	networking	technology	power	hp	silicon	server			dell looking for bigger blade share just as some analysts believe the market for blade servers is about to heat up, dell quote, chart moved forward with its most significant modular server, unveiling the poweredge 1855 for powerful computing at a lower cost.
2			history	doping	china	athletics	sport	race	football	athlete	swimming	competition			u.s. lose 400 relay a sloppy handoff contributes to the united states losing to britain by a hundredth of a second saturday in the 400 meter relay. the u.s. men and women sweep the 1,600 relay.
3			investing	company	stock	ft	finance	corporation	competition	money	capital	industry			3m posts higher profit, misses estimates 3m co. on monday said third quarter earnings rose 17 percent due in part to the weak dollar, but the diversified manufacturer's results came in below wall street's estimates for the first time in at least seven quarters.
4			network	ethernet	wireless	technology	broadband	routing	cisco	telecommunication	networking			cisco to open r center in japan to hone broadband products produced to meet japan 's demand for broadband services will be robust enough to handle any other market in the world, said mike volpi of cisco 's routing technology group.
4			computer	gaming	potato	biotechnology	technology	innovation	industry			land of potatoes aims to be high tech hotbed jeffrey moeser and his company are aiming to change the future of home entertainment.
2			england	culture	europe	soccer	sport	germany	football			soccer fans out of control in europe and much more common at soccer games in europe
2			baseball	history	statistics	retirement	sport	nfl	football			faulk rejoins pats after mother 's death having returned to the new england patriots on tuesday after a three week absence, running back kevin faulk acknowledged the obvious.
4			graphic	collaboration	software	microsoft	technology	architecture	patent	windows			microsoft, dassault systemes in strategic alliance microsoft corp., the world's largest software maker, and france's dassault systemes have forged a global, 5 year strategic alliance to deliver dassault's 3d software to firms using the microsoft software platform.
4			virus	computer	hacking	business	privacy	technology	encryption	vulnerability	security			q1 labs enhances security monitoring system the security threats against business technology systems continue to multiply. not only do malicious worms and viruses such as blaster and bagle continue to wreak havoc, but security pros
2			fifa	sport	football			fifa to take action against france, italy, netherlands for not ... the international football federation says it will pursue disciplinary action against france, italy and the netherlands for not handing down tough penalties against players who use drugs.
3			computer	business	issue	technology	growth	money	email			ipos kick into gear with busy calendar it is back to business for u.s. initial public offerings and time to see if the market for new issues can pull out of its end of summer slump.
4			mobile	device	technology	nokia	smartphone	finland	phone	industry			review: nokia 9300 communicator nokia today officially announced the nokia 9300, a smartphone that had been rumored to exist since cebit. the 9300 is part of the same family as its bigger brother, the 9500, and is designed for mobile professionals
3			politics	job	business	cut	growth	texas	money			belo 's cutbacks will hit the heart of texas: providence journal ... media company belo corp. said yesterday that it will cut 250 jobs, mostly at its dallas newspaper and tv station. a company spokesman said cuts will be made across belo 's operations,, though
3			business	sport	russell	competition	money	banking			russell 's a good sport judging by yesterday 's trading action in shares of sporting goods and apparel company russell nyse: rml the shares were about flat on volume not terribly different than its recent
4			security	computer	hardware	combat	defense	logistics	computing	linux			linux clusters gear up for simulated combat linux network scores two military related deals for linux clusters.
3			business	trend	sale	growth	restaurant	competition	money	food			red lobster posts higher same store sales darden restaurants inc. dri.n: quote, profile, research on thursday said october same store sales at its red lobster restaurants rose for the first time since february on the success
3			brand	branding	business	sport	technology	marketing	advertising			at , at wireless end dispute, change brand pact at wireless and at corp. have resolved a dispute over branding and reached a new agreement ahead of cingular wireless planned purchase of at wireless, the three companies said monday.
2			baseball	basketball	sport	heat	money			o'neal wants more shaquille o'neal feels the heat needs to acquire a killer instinct after just edging out the celtics, 106 104, on sunday evening.
3			business	revenue	sale	growth	profit	finance	money	industry			raytheon sees quarterly profit raytheon co. reported yesterday it swung to a profit in the third quarter and that revenue surged 13 percent, benefiting from rising military spending and more orders for its business jets.
4			application	aviation	technology	patent	industry			t mobile flashes flarion trial wireless carrier t mobile international ag today confirmed it is carrying out trials of flarion technologies flash ofdm equipment in european air space.
1			election	politics	democracy	iran	corruption	iraq	terrorism	afghanistan			afghans say trouble inevitable but won't stop vote afghan president hamid karzai vowed on thursday that a historic presidential election would go ahead in two days' time and reflect the people's wishes despite inevitable attempts by taliban fighters to derail the vote.
4			developer	india	java	software	technology	evolution	patent	linux			offshoring company looks to make programmers obsolete in legacy conversion an indian company claims its software automatically converts legacy applications written in old languages such as cobol and pascal to modern languages such as c and java.
3			job	news	business	privacy	technology	company	networking	career	money			news: career database 'wide open' to hijacking an on line database containing the career and contact details of over 22 million business people can be edited by anyone.
1			election	politics	democracy	voting	privacy	technology	corruption	transparency	fraud			activists find more e vote flaws more weaknesses appear in the diebold electronic voting system that activists say could be used to rig the november election. the company says auditing procedures would catch any vote fraud. by kim zetter.
3			insurance	life	business	million	greed	bankruptcy	money			marsh mac 's deepening morass nobody was expecting good news to come out of marsh mclennan mmc when it announced third quarter earnings on nov. 9. after all, the world 's largest insurance broker has lost its chief executive and
4			network	mobility	ethernet	technology	nokia	wireless	siemens	telecommunication	networking			siemens sets up 1gbit s wireless link siemens has claimed a world first for its transmission of data at a rate of 1gbit s over a wireless link. to achieve this rate, which is 20 times faster than today 's 50mbit s wireless lans, researchers at
4			product	business	china	software	technology	marketing	microsoft	strategy	windows			microsoft unveils simplified version of windowsxp in asia world 's leading software developer microsoft has announced that it will promote its cheaper and simplified version of windowsxp in russia and soon launch a series of marketing
4			chip	intel	investing	technology	stock	japan	energy	silicon	industry			tokyo stocks climb to 2 week closing high tokyo stocks climbed to a two week closing high on friday after tokyo electron ltd. and other chip related stocks got a boost from a bullish revenue outlook by global industry leader intel corp.
2			politics	athens	baseball	game	olympics	city	sport	greece	football			ode to ancient games, nudity and all the olympics may have returned to the land of their birth, but even as these games wind down, the stadiums in athens remain eerily empty.
1			politics	america	election	putin	democracy	conservative	russia	terrorism	change			whispers of regime change as a number of public opinion polls show a sustained, if not growing, lead that president george w bush enjoys over his democratic party opponent john kerry, the neo conservatives have started
1			politics	america	election	democrat	democracy	finance	georgia	money			hold bank accountable there was a refreshing glimpse of bipartisanship this week, and it was not the sight of a democrat from georgia preparing to address the republican national convention in manhattan.
4			virus	computer	hacking	surveillance	privacy	technology	terrorism	security			study finds spyware, viruses everywhere by carilyn shropshire, pittsburgh post gazette scripps howard news service. natalia rudiak of carrick could not figure out why her trusted laptop was acting sluggish and sometimes unresponsive.
1			truth	politics	controversy	mr	romney	debate			edwards, cheney set to meet in only debate vice president dick cheney faces a master litigator when he debates sen. john edwards, a backhanded compliment offered tuesday by the white house as it defended against criticism that the republicans have not acknowledged errors in waging war in iraq...
4			movie	technology	tv	money	phone	number			briefly: linkedin links a million roundup plus: aol gives exclusive sneak peek for fall tv...copernic debuts desktop search tool...charter signs 3 phone deals.
1			politics	election	inflation	controversy	economics	bush	debate	money			congress sends bush tax cut bill, victory legislation extending three popular middle class tax cuts for the rest of the decade sailed through congress by lopsided votes in both the house and senate, giving president bush a major legislative victory on his signature economic issue, tax relief. many democrats complained during debate thursday that the majority republicans who control congress should have offset the lost revenue to keep the nation's soaring deficits from getting worse...
2			coaching	baseball	history	hockey	basketball	sport	veteran	football	canada			kelley joins hockey 's best in hall of fame jim kelley wondered how some south buffalo kid with unpretentious dreams of covering hockey for his hometown paper could ever have anything in common with such legends as ray bourque, paul coffey and larry murphy.
4			manufacturing	technology	automation	robot	efficiency	industry			domestic robot usage to surge the use of robots around the home to mow lawns, vacuum floors, pull guard duty, and perform other chores is set to surge sevenfold by 2007, said a new un survey, which credited dropping prices for the robot boom.
4			network	connectivity	ethernet	wireless	standard	telecommunication	networking			t mobile announces wi fi roaming agreement short for wireless fidelity and is meant to be used generically when referring of any type of 802.11 network, whether 802.11b, 802.
3			politics	success	history	life	business	advertising	money	education			bethesda magazine aims to market 'the good life' the success of a start up magazine rests on many factors, not the least of which is a catchy name.
3			revenue	ceo	sale	company	performance	growth	finance	profit	earnings			daimlerchrysler operating profit rises daimlerchrysler 's quote, profile, research third quarter operating profit rose 7 percent, just below analyst expectations, as
1			election	politics	democracy	race	corruption	confidence	fraud	terrorism	money			australian pm seen kicking off election on shaky ground prime minister john howard has kicked off his bid for a fourth term in office on shaky ground, forced to call elections sooner than he would have liked by a robust attack on his credibility from the opposition, editorialists said.
4			computer	data	usb	storage	technology	encryption	memory	computing			apple supplier toshiba builds 80 gb perpendicular drive perpendicular recording places bits of data end to end, instead of using the traditional method of storing them flat on the disk surface.
3			investing	technology	economics	company	stock	finance	patent	money	industry			dow down on oil prices; nasdaq rises stocks were mixed wednesday as a lower reading on manufacturing activity and rising oil prices chilled an early spate of bargain hunting, sending blue chips lower. technology shares made a modest advance despite brokerage downgrades of two semiconductor companies...
4			connected	network	connectivity	privacy	storage	technology	communication	networking	security			brief: iron mountain snaps up backup software vendor iron mountain plans to acquire connected corp. to enhance its online backup and recovery portfolio.
1			election	politics	history	cabinet	transition	succession	power	strategy	leadership			blair's exit strategy sparks succession fever british prime minister tony blair was back at work saturday after successful heart surgery but his vow to hold on to power for five more years has sparked fevered speculation about who might succeed him and when.
3			revenue	sale	technology	profit	hp	productivity	industry			hp beats lowered forecast hewlett packard said tuesday that quarterly profit topped its own lowered expectations as the computer and printer maker saw record revenues in every business and every region.
1			politics	election	protest	democracy	protester	washington	terrorism			rnc protesters using text messages to plan for protesters navigating manhattan during the republican national convention, text message broadcasting services like this, sent to their cell phones, provided an up to the minute guide to the action on the streets.
1			politics	election	war	democracy	violence	peace	russia	conflict	afghanistan	terrorism			chechens to elect new leader in shadow of violence chechens elect a new president sunday, but few expect peace to follow from a kremlin sponsored contest overshadowed by fighting and twin plane crashes some have linked to rebels in the region.
4			computer	grid	collaboration	technology	ibm	computing	linux			ibm embraces grid converts ibm has signed on five corporate customers and the environmental protection agency to its ongoing grid computing initiative, big blue said friday.
3			success	business	entrepreneur	opportunity	growth	innovation	leadership			i want my small biz tv! it's safe to say that entrepreneurially inclined americans have never had more help and encouragement in pursuing their dreams: web sites, newsletters, chat rooms, and blogs supply a constant feed of information. government and private agencies offer counsel, workshops, and networking. scores of advice books targeted at entrepreneurs are published each year.
4			computer	technology	company	tech	stock	finance	time	money	industry			stocks turn up as apple lifts technology u.s. stocks rose on monday as a higher price target for shares of apple computer inc. generated enthusiasm for technology stocks and investors waved off worry about a decline in the dollar.
1			politics	nickel	change	reverse	money			u.s. mint unveils new designs for nickel there's change in store for thomas jefferson on the nickel that is. he's getting his first makeover since being put on the coin in 1938.
3			business	investing	technology	profit	finance	bankruptcy	money			novell turns a q3 profit novell inc. is reporting a big turnaround in its financial picture. the networking company is reporting a third quarter profit of $ 23.
2			coaching	baseball	basketball	volleyball	sport	football	softball	competition			late charge lifts wellesley seedings don't matter. at least that's what wellesley field hockey coach chris molonea tried to convey to her players as they faced fourth seeded somerset yesterday in division 1 south tournament action.
2			overtime	baseball	hockey	soccer	basketball	sport	football	skating	canada			sports in brief: locked out nhl players look for work nhl players began scattering across the globe thursday in search of work on day 1 of the lockout, with no negotiations scheduled between union and management.
4			computer	statistics	biotechnology	technology	patent	healthcare			unisys wins dod health system contract the defense department awarded a $ 31 million contract for implementation and training services to unisys corp. the contract pertains to dod 's electronic medical records system, called the composite health care system chcs ii.
4			computer	device	chip	technology	performance	semiconductor	memory	silicon	intel			amd, ibm improve processor performance companies will use strained silicon to boost transistor speed.
4			computer	business	technology	innovation	ibm	money	security			can mike lawrie make siebel better? no sweat, says the new ceo, who's imported from ibm. he also knows this will be the challenge of a lifetime.
4			science	diabetes	technology	research	cancer			study: mobile phone use increases brain tumor risk ten or more years of mobile phone use can dramatically increase the risk of developing a benign tumor on the auditory nerve, according to a study conducted by the institute of environmental medicine at karolinska institutet in stockholm.
4			electronics	computer	intel	technology	power	energy	innovation	research	silicon	linux			intel prepares for the next 20 years intel is drawing the curtain on some of its future research projects to continue making transistors smaller, faster, and less power hungry out as far as 2020.
1			election	politics	computer	democracy	voting	technology	internet	voter			politicians see e voting as a remote prospect forget the hi tech predictions it will be years, if ever, before electors can use the internet to vote, many policymakers believe.
4			ibm	computer	technology	apple	hp	patent	intel	computing	linux			hp discontinues itanium workstation sales the long and sordid story of intel 's flagship 64 bit cpu, itanium, took another twist today, and from an unexpected source. citing poor sales demand, hewlett packard will discontinue sales and development of its own itanium 2 based workstation line.
2			coaching	baseball	graduation	basketball	sport	football	coach	maryland	wrestling			mitch decides to stay ryan mitch, a backup quarterback who had missed two practices and a team meeting, returned tuesday and pledged to remain with the maryland program the next four years.
4			network	privacy	technology	company	telecommunication	networking	security	industry			nortel delays third quarter earnings announcement nortel networks corp. announced wednesday oct. 27 that it will postpone releasing its third quarter 2004 earnings until december, as the network infrastructure company continues to work
4			flash	web	technology	marketing	email			macromedia giving away flex the move is part of an effort by macromedia to expand the use of its flash format into a broad foundation for delivering web services and media.
4			chip	intel	technology	fusion	memory	silicon	speed	linux			intel confirms dual core plans more details on yonah, the company's dual core notebook chip, will be released this week.
2			baseball	miami	basketball	sport	football	freedom	money			feeling right at home in the acc it hasn 't taken miami and virginia tech long to start reaping the benefits of membership in the conference. blacksburg it 's hard to overlook the irony.
4			virus	computer	hacking	technology	security			danger of image borne viruses looms hackers are close to finding a way to spread harmful computer viruses just by getting people to open an e mail message or visiting an infected web site, computer security experts warned yesterday.
4			mobile	device	wireless	smartphone	microsoft	technology	nokia	networking	phone			nokia embraces sd memory cards users accustomed to removing the memory card from one of their consumer electronic devices and plugging it into another will soon be able to do the same with mobile phones from nokia corp.
2			america	vegas	baseball	computer	game	gaming	sport	football	gambling	money			taking their game to the next level professional video game players are converging on san francisco for a world championship event, and while none of their faces have yet wound up on a wheaties box, some make tens of thousands of dollars a year in winnings.
4			politics	hacking	technology	tech	strategy	networking	security			technology key to rnc's protective net the republican national convention kicks off on monday in the big apple and while politics is the main focus, technology will play an important role in securing the event.
3			business	telecommunication	loss	finance	bankruptcy	competition	money	industry			mci reports $ 3.4 billion loss mci inc. on thursday reported a $ 3.4 billion third quarter loss as it wrote down the value of its assets due to a withering price war for long distance telephone service.
1			politics	election	putin	violence	democracy	corruption	russia	ukraine	terrorism	politician			to which viktor the spoils? this weekend ukraine votes for its first new president in 10 years. the accusations, scare tactics and media bias surrounding the contest between current prime minister viktor yanukovych and former pm and
1			election	politics	democratic	congress	democrat	democracy	republican	leadership			reid poised to be senate democratic leader senate democrats are changing management, their ranks reduced to a 74 year low and their longtime leader defeated for re election back home.
1			election	politics	war	race	information	terrorism	money	fear			between fear and hope howard or latham? it depends on what kind of election it turns out to be, says alistair mant. john howard will probably win an s type election and mark latham an a type election.
2			coaching	baseball	patriot	soccer	sport	boston	football	weather			patriots win in all conditions the patriots can be healthy or hurting. the field can be drenched or dry. the opponent might have a stingy defense or a high scoring offense. new england just keeps winning.
3			gaming	sale	technology	marketing	company	stock	advertising			electronic arts breaking out the company's stock is not as popular as madden nfl 2005, with its top sales numbers. yet.
4			developer	application	linux	java	software	technology	microsoft	windows			open source software goes to work businesses don't have to dump windows to test drive free or low price applications whose use may improve the bottom line.
4			computer	hardware	software	technology	hp	pcs	intel	computing	linux			study: hp is world 's top chip buyer zdnet 's survey of it professionals in october kept upgrading hardware at number two on the businesses radar throughout the year.
4			device	manufacturing	trend	storage	technology	semiconductor	performance	patent	silicon	industry			global chip sales growth moderates in july global sales of semiconductors rose 1 percent in july as consumer uncertainty and swelling inventories restrained the industry 's pace of growth, the us semiconductor industry association reported on thursday.
3			business	marketing	bullying	greed	advertising	competition	money	ethics	fear			bally's bully tactics backfire an enormous number of consumer complaints shows investors why this company is hurting.
3			ceo	china	management	software	technology	company	strategy	finance	bankruptcy			manugistics fires its president manugistics group inc. disclosed monday that it fired its president, as the maker of business software tries to reverse slipping sales, rising costs and a falling stock price.
1			election	politics	putin	democracy	corruption	russia	ukraine	terrorism			yushchenko seeks confidence vote opposition leader viktor yushchenko pursues a vote in parliament, as the crisis in ukraine continues.
3			politics	business	tax	greed	finance	bankruptcy	corporation	money			corporate tax cuts delayed a day in senate a sweeping corporate tax bill that would dole out nearly $ 140 billion in business breaks over the next decade was unexpectedly delayed in the senate on sunday over its failure
4			virus	hacking	privacy	technology	encryption	security	linux			mcafee enhances spyware protection antivirus company offers improved anti spyware app to users for a fee.
2			baseball	basketball	soccer	sport	football	japan			japanese baseball strike nears professional baseball in japan has truly come of age: the nation is bracing for its first ever players strike. athletes are angry about a proposed merger between two clubs, the
4			computer	linux	performance	system	machine	ibm	availability	computing	server			ibm adds 64 way pseries, iseries ibm last week completed its lineup of servers based on its power5 chips by adding high end pseries and iseries models that can support up to 64 processors, double the previous threshold for cpus.
3			statistics	agriculture	business	revenue	price	industry			southern co. reports small jump in third quarter profit despite ... energy provider southern company reports a four percent jump in third quarter earnings. a report out today indicates slightly higher revenues despite mild weather in the company 's region and
4			manufacturing	technology	nokia	semiconductor	performance	patent	silicon	security	industry			infineon posts 4q profit decline; sees chip market downturn ahead london, november 9 the german semiconductor company, infineon technologies , has projected a downturn in the semiconductor industry next year, after reporting a 10 y y decline in its profits for the fourth fiscal quarter.
3			revenue	data	sale	privacy	storage	technology	finance	money	industry			seagate raises revenue forecast seagate technology stx.n: quote, profile, research , the top us maker of hard drives used to store data in computers, on tuesday forecast quarterly revenue above wall street estimates on strong demand for storage for larger business
1			politics	america	history	war	democracy	iraq	washington	strategy	terrorism	propaganda			cheney mixes stinging rhetoric with retail politics in vice president cheney's final push before next tuesday's election, talk of nuclear annihilation and escalating war rhetoric have blended with balloon drops, confetti cannons and the other trappings of modern campaigning with such ferocity that it is sometimes tough to tell just who the enemy is.
4			ceo	technology	company	tech	growth	innovation	research	industry			i.b.m.'s 3rd quarter profit beats analysts' predictions i.b.m. delivered a solid quarterly performance that pointed to modest if uneven improvement in the corporate technology sector.
2			baseball	doping	athletics	race	sport	football	athlete	iaaf	cycling			track chiefs scold local fans over jeers the governing body of world athletics friday condemned the behavior of local fans who delayed the start of the men's 200 meters final with deafening boos and whistles.
4			computer	linux	server	technology	networking	email	security	reliability			hot servers not so cool for data center managers low end server technology is racing ahead of the ability of many data centers to keep the increasingly dense and fast systems cool, a problem that's stopping some it managers from using the new machines.
3			bt	television	business	investment	company	telecommunication	finance	competition	money	industry			bt 's net profit rises 14 percent bt group plc, britain 's largest phone company, reported a 14 percent increase in second quarter net profit on thursday, as growth in mobile telecommunications, broadband and it services outweighed more declines in its traditional residential telecoms
2			usa	america	baseball	espn	basketball	soccer	sport	golf	football	tennis			champs will take their show on the road the us women's soccer team will begin its 10 game olympic gold medal celebration tour sept. 25 at frontier field against ireland.
4			industry	network	ethernet	technology	networking	email	security	server			sun networking foray begins this month server and software company prepares new foray into market for dot com infrastructure.
4			computer	hacking	privacy	technology	communication	terrorism	networking	security			few electronic disruptions hit republican convention the electronic disruptions threatened during the republican national convention were minimal at most, the convention's infotech head said friday. max everett, the convention's director of information technology, said he took the threats seriously and responded by increasing the site's capacity and security.
4			statistics	data	technology	information	innovation	research	money	email	education			cio survey: it spending cools slightly in september some 250 cios surveyed last month by cio magazine said they expect their it budgets to grow by 7.4 during the next year, down slightly from the 8.9 spending increase respondents predicted in august.
3			advice	business	client	management	technology	consulting	company	strategy	money			charles river, the outsourced expert charles river dishes out advice to clients. it looks like the company is also taking its own advice.
3			business	bank	finance	money	banking	merger			bank confirms merger talks maine firm seen seeking partner to aid ... banknorth group of maine confirmed yesterday that it was in merger talks with td bank financial group of canada, a move that would end banknorth 's short reign as new england 's largest independent bank.
4			computer	privacy	technology	internet	networking	google	email	linux			review: local pc search not perfect if you want to find a needle of information in the seemingly endless haystack that is the web, just punch a few words into your favorite internet search engine. but if you want to pull up a file from your pc's hard drive, good luck.
4			data	trend	technology	company	performance	ibm	research	computing	industry			ibm 's 3rd quarter profit beats analysts predictions i.bm, a barometer of trends in the computing business, delivered a solid quarterly performance yesterday that pointed to modest if uneven improvement in the corporate technology sector.
3			insurance	business	option	fraud	bankruptcy	competition	industry			interstate bakeries hires turnaround firm interstate bakeries corp. , maker of wonder bread and hostess twinkies, on monday said it hired a turnaround firm and delayed filing its annual report with the u.s. securities and exchange commission.
4			graphic	mobility	detail	technology	color	windows			middle east emerges as prime growth market for graphic solutions ati technologies inc. has announced that pci express pcie enabled graphics cards are set to account for 25 of the global graphics card market by year end.
4			computer	privacy	broadband	technology	internet	bandwidth	networking			aol creates its own browsing software as part of its reincarnation, america online inc. is creating its own software for browsing the web and playing movies and songs. it's a question of staying relevant in an increasingly broadband world.
1			politics	abortion	controversy	election	democrat	democracy	clinton	republican	money			house proposal puts less power in new spy post house democrats immediately criticized the long awaited bill, which they said would not enact the 9 11 panel's recommendations.
1			politics	election	result	democracy	china	voting	polling	candidate			hk democrats demand partial election recount hong kong's main pro democracy party demanded on monday a partial recount of the vote in the city's legislative elections, after officials had failed to announce a single result eight hours after polls closed.
3			ads	revenue	business	marketing	advertising	money			higher rankings the higher revenue per click on adsense higher rankings the higher revenue per click on adsense shaw, aka digitalpoint, has posed an interesting observation. he has seen a correlation between the natural rankings of a page for a keyword term and the earned revenue per click on the adsense ads for that page. he said, and its just ...
3			company	stock	telecommunication	loss	profit	finance	money	earnings			vodafone interim profits dip british mobile telephone giant vodafone reported a two percent fall in half year underlying profits as the group added 7.4 million new customers.
2			baseball	espn	basketball	sex	sport	football	tv			drop the towel and pick up the pen maybe even a little awed y the sexed up introduction to monday night football. really atings starved network abc using a sagging sports property
1			election	politics	democracy	california	money			colo. voting woes rise as election nears colorado could end up writing an ugly sequel to the florida election nightmare of four years ago.
4			application	mobility	detail	ethernet	technology	interface	patent			xignal releases xfi interface design for 10g xfp modules september 13, 2004 nashua, nh xignal technologies munich is releasing its intellectual property for a 10 gbit sec cmos xfi interface for signal conditioner ics in xfp transceiver modules.
1			politics	election	democracy	syria	iran	iraq	candidate	electoral	afghanistan			us led forces zero in on death triangle shopkeeper explains how to fill in voter registration forms to his customers in baghdad, november 23. iraq 's electoral commission on sunday set national elections for january 30, 2005.
4			privacy	wireless	technology	messaging	networking	email	phone			at t wireless unveils messaging only handheld the company says the device, dubbed the ogo, won't be bogged down by features that are hardly used.
1			politics	history	drug	money	fear			on wall street: dominic rushe: the slammer is no deterrent for the ... jeremy jaynes is about to make history. as the first spammer to be sent to the slammer, jaynes was described by prosecutors last week as a modern day snake oil salesman.
4			science	safety	device	technology	fraud	innovation	skepticism	patent	ethics	healthcare			flawed device places f.d.a. under scrutiny the f.d.a.'s oversight of a defibrillator may reveal shortcomings in its regulation of medical devices.
2			coaching	history	bc	espn	basketball	sport	football	quarterback	competition			bc has mountain to climb a year ago, boston college coach tom o'brien described his team's 35 25 victory at rutgers as the greatest gut check i've ever been around, after the eagles rallied from a 22 13 halftime deficit to earn their all important sixth win of the season, making them bowl eligible.
3			partner	business	collaboration	strategy	partnership	partnering	competition			partner: the guide to cost effective business explore powerful options available to mid sized companies
4			network	ethernet	technology	standard	nokia	wireless	networking	patent			qualcomm chips in siemens 3g phones new deal between the two companies is another sign of the wireless industry's focus on the w cdma standard.
4			electronics	sony	computer	privacy	technology	video	industry			sony chases rivals in image chip race sony corp., the world leader in video equipment, finds itself in the unusual position of playing catch up in the next battleground for technology used in cameras, video recorders and phones.
3			store	business	retailer	shopping	finance	hamish	retail	banking			house of fraser seals barclaycard deal department store group house of fraser was today poised for a 25 million boost from a partnership with barclaycard to run its store card scheme.
1			election	politics	beijing	taiwan	result	democracy	china	candidate			mainland mistresses mar elections in hong kong the pro beijing camp came out of the elections for the legislative council legco in hong kong last sunday much better than did the pro democracy camp.
1			politics	america	election	democrat	kerry	strategy	mccain	republican	money			nervous democrats link kerry's debate fortunes with their own anxious democrats in congress were counting on their presidential challenger john kerry to stage a comeback in his debate against president george w. bush, as they nervously prepare for a vote in november on their own future.
3			store	business	retirement	sale	management	marketing	bankruptcy	retail	merger			wal mart 's vice chairman retires london, december 7 wal mart stores announced yesterday that its vice chairman, thomas coughlin, would retire on january 24, 2005, after having served the company for 25 years.
4			windows	computer	hardware	technology	microsoft	patent	intel	security	linux			microsoft: no extra licenses needed for multicore chips customers that use the dual core processors that intel corp. and advanced micro devices inc. amd are expected to begin shipping next year will not need to buy extra licenses for microsoft corp.
2			baseball	game	gaming	betting	sport	technology	poker	gambling	casino	money			poker proves a hot hand for gaming industry card game's popularity is fanned by a combination of television, technology and, for some, the allure of big money.
4			computer	privacy	technology	microsoft	money	security	windows			will longhorn's loss be your gain? microsoft's decision to pare back features of the upcoming os is not bad news, some say.
1			politics	election	history	democrat	congress	business	washington	time	money			congress back to face unfinished business lawmakers returned to the capitol on saturday in a mad dash to finish up their legislative business for the year.
2			boxing	doping	judo	athletics	sport	athlete	iaaf	cycling			discus champion thrown out of games hungarian olympic discus champion robert fazekas will lose his gold medal and be expelled from the games after breaking doping rules, the international olympic committee ioc said tuesday.
4			science	biotechnology	technology	marketing	pharmaceuticals	drug	research	chemistry			netino banks on growth in bioinformatics outsourcing netino sarl sees a bright future for outsourcing in drug discovery: the 2 year old company just landed a 10 year contract to handle the bioinformatics activities of a major french pharmaceutical company.
4			mobile	cellular	technology	broadband	smartphone	internet	telecommunication	phone			softbank makes mobile complaint softbank, japan 's largest internet provider, has complained that its plan to offer a new mobile phone service could be thwarted by the government 's refusal to provide the necessary bandwidth.
4			application	business	collaboration	software	technology	marketing	development	networking	availability			brief: pushes on development, integration on demand crm software provider inc. is branching out to offer hosted application development technology and online marketplace services to supplement its own software services.
2			coaching	espn	basketball	sport	scoring	coach	detroit	nba	stats	pistons			nba wrap: returning trio help pistons end losing skid chauncey billups scored 21 points in his return to the line up as the host detroit pistons also welcomed back coach larry brown and ben wallace with a 93 85 triumph over the minnesota timberwolves wednesday.
3			company	stock	loss	finance	growth	profit	accounting	money			morgan stanley profit down, shares drop us investment bank morgan stanley on wednesday said quarterly profit dropped by a third on lower bond trading revenue, weak equities results and higher expenses, falling
4			battery	electronics	computer	wireless	technology	hybrid	phone	color			hybrid phones keep getting smarter the big deal with the treo 650 is its beautiful, sharp screen and a color liquid crystal display that offers four times the resolution as the treo 600's lcd.
3			acquisition	business	sale	marketing	logistics	strategy	globalization	merger			best buy improves its supply chain view retailer best buy turns to i2's chain management logistics software in the hopes of gaining more timely visibility into business operations on both the purchasing and logistics sides.
3			business	ceo	china	growth	finance	productivity	research	money	sap			sap cfo puts off margin target europe's biggest software maker sap could need a year more than anticipated to reach its profitability target as it spends on research, development and marketing, its chief financial officer said on thursday, sending its shares lower.
3			inflation	revenue	stock	growth	finance	profit	competition	money	earnings			kmart posts profit; cash hits $ 2.6 bln kmart holdings corp. on monday reported its third consecutive quarterly profit and boosted its cash pile to $ 2.6 billion as it cut spending on advertising and discounts, sending its stock up 14 percent.
4			electronics	recycling	engineering	manufacturing	material	technology	performance	energy	innovation			is applied materials losing momentum? despite a strong third quarter performance from applied materials nasdaq: amat , a weaker fourth quarter outlook has the chip equipment maker 's shares treading water today.
3			trend	sale	marketing	growth	profit	competition	money	earnings			yum profit up, raises view yum brands inc. on tuesday said quarterly earnings rose 13 percent and raised its profit forecast for the year as strong sales at its fast food chains helped offset a run up in commodity costs.
1			election	abortion	politics	democracy	race	canada			martin shuts down nomination battles to avoid repeat of bitter liberal fights ottawa cp an experiment in liberal party democracy that degenerated into vicious internal battles has now been cancelled, prime minister paul martin told his troops wednesday.
4			technology	siemens	nokia	patent	silicon			siemens signs on with flarion flarion technologies flash ofdm technology has received a vote of confidence from siemens, thanks to a new licensing deal forged between the two companies that calls for siemens to begin offering
3			share	investor	shareholder	company	stock	growth	corporation	canada	industry			algonquin power, microcell, telus: canadian equity preview the following is a list of companies whose shares may make gains or losses in the canadian market. this preview includes news that broke after markets closed tuesday.
3			trading	share	price	company	market	stock	corporation	security	industry			china motor, quanta, techtronic: asia ex japan equity preview the following stocks may rise or fall in asian markets, excluding japan, today. prices are as of the local market 's close. stock symbols are in parentheses after company names.
2			cycling	doping	athletics	race	sport	athlete	speed	racing			american sprinters show a mix of bluster and speed shawn crawford of the united states left the baseball cap at home and no longer needed the showy sunglasses he wore in saturday morning 's first heat.
4			network	privacy	technology	internet	ip	networking	email			f5 networks to introduce next gen traffic manager f5 networks will reveal its long touted next generation internet traffic management switch on tuesday, a device it says will help corporate customers get better performance from their networks.
4			application	network	java	software	technology	nokia	seo	sap	industry			sap, infineon unveil rfid management system german business software vendor sap ag and chip maker infineon technologies ag today launched a new software management system for connecting radio frequency identification hardware and software from multiple vendors.
3			life	business	shareholder	company	restructuring	finance	bankruptcy	money			yukos shareholders will vote on filing for bankruptcy setting the stage for what could be the final act in the yukos drama, shareholders in the company will gather next month to vote on whether it should declare bankruptcy, the company 's top official said on wednesday.
2			coaching	chicago	espn	basketball	sport	boston	scoring	celtics	nba	stats			celtics lose fourth straight the celtics come close again but ultimately lose 106 to 104 to the miami heat sunday night. paul pierce missed one of two free throws with five seconds left that would have tied it for boston, which lost its fourth straight.
4			linux	software	privacy	technology	evolution	microsoft	strategy	security	windows			longhorn comes up short microsoft finally gives us a date for the release of its longhorn operating system, but the failure to deliver on a highly touted feature raises questions about the company's future.
4			computer	game	gaming	software	technology	automation	simulation	windows			macromedia readies captivate for demos and simulations macromedia on monday is announcing captivate, formerly known as robodemo, for recording onscreen activity and building software demonstrations and interactive simulations.
4			battery	device	cell	cellular	technology	silicon			sony, ibm and toshiba reveal more cell chip plans the four companies developing the cell consumer electronics microprocessor have released first generation versions of a device not built on technology already in widespread use today.
3			business	coffee	starbucks	marketing	money			wish upon a starbucks shares of starbucks nasdaq: sbux slipped last night in after hours trading when the coffee champ reported same store sales that were more lackluster than usual.
4			computer	technology	performance	machine	ibm	speed	computing	industry			ibm supercomputer sets new speed record ibm, a while back, showcased its supercomputer, blue gene l, at top 500 supercomputer contest. at that time, the company was behind in performance by a japanese firms supercomputer that managed to take away the first place crown.
4			computer	mac	hardware	car	technology	power	money	computing	linux			system x drops back news: last november, virginia tech 's mac based system x was ranked as the third fastest computer on the planet. the rebuilt mac has since, squeezed out a few more teraflops, but it probably won
2			coaching	baseball	history	statistics	espn	basketball	athletics	sport	football	win			dls ties, remains winless de la salle high 's football team is still winless, but at least the spartans aren 't 0 3. de la salle held a 7 0 lead until the fourth quarter but couldn 't keep it and had to settle
1			politics	election	history	survival	war	democracy	power	strategy	terrorism	afghanistan			inside karzai's campaign to become afghanistan's first elected president, he has to placate warlords, pacify the taliban and survive
2			boxing	marathon	running	athletics	sport	race	athlete	swimming	cycling			korzeniowski retains men 's 50km walk gold poland 's robert korzeniowski retained his 50km walk title at the olympic games here on friday. the 36 year old, who swept both walk gold medals in the sydney olympics four years
2			cycling	race	sport	golf	winning	football	tennis	racing			schwartzel delights the home supporters with maiden victory if youre south african, young and very promising, with an eye on a long and successful career around the world, you would be delighted to win your maiden event in your home country as near as possible to where you were born, which is exactly what charl
4			electronics	comparison	music	car	technology	innovation	pricing	apple			with mini's rivals, more is sometimes less this month you will be able to choose from four competitors to apple's ipod mini, courtesy of dell, rio audio, virgin electronics and creative. how do they compare?
4			trend	technology	company	analytics	research	google			google profit up in 1st reported quarter web search leader google inc. goog.o: quote, profile, research , in its first earnings report as a publicly held company, on thursday posted a higher net profit as revenue more than doubled on strong web search advertising.
1			politics	america	election	congress	war	violence	democracy	peace	religion			wis. peace activists shy from nader a small but zealous group of antiwar activists in a pacifist commune called anathoth in this lakeside speck near the minnesota border say that four years ago, they gave presidential candidate ralph nader all five of their votes.
2			mlb	baseball	radio	television	espn	sport	football	broadcasting	tv	competition			xm satellite in $ 650 mln baseball deal xm satellite radio on wednesday said it signed a $ 650 million deal to broadcast major league baseball games for 11 years, countering a rival's moves to sign up high profile programing that will lure listeners to the new medium.
3			economics	company	growth	profit	finance	oil	competition	petroleum	industry			oil firms report big profit increases exxonmobil corp. and royal dutch shell group yesterday reported large increases in third quarter profits, part of an industry wide windfall caused by high oil prices and strong demand.
4			electronics	computer	itunes	music	technology	addiction	fashion			battle of form to capture what he says is the underserved urban market, damon dash of roc a fella records is launching a new line of mp3 players and other consumer gadgets.
1			politics	america	election	democracy	greed	finance	terrorism	money			wall street looks to voters the stock market went whisper quiet this week as republicans convened in madison square garden to renominate george w. bush for president.
1			politics	election	democracy	parliament	censorship	corruption	terrorism			on the record: jacobabad: i was under no pressure to sign the presidents dual office bill, said mohammadmian soomro, the acting president. mr soomro told online on sunday that he gave assent to the bill on his own since he was constitutionally authorised to do so.
1			election	politics	rating	australia	conservative	race	polling	poll	candidate			polls point to howard victory australians vote in less than 24 hours to choose a new government with most key pointers suggesting the incumbent conservative coalition of prime minister john howard will be returned.
1			politics	america	democracy	terrorism	money			bush denounces ads by outside groups president bush denounced tv ads by outside groups attacking both john kerry and himself on monday and called for a halt to all such political efforts. i think they're bad for the system, he said...
4			network	telecom	broadband	technology	communication	telecommunication	networking	patent	carrier			another wireless hookup sprint 's acquisition of nextel communications is fueling speculation of more deals to come in a telecommunications industry roiled by intense competition and rapid technological change.
4			ibm	computer	business	software	technology	apple	patent	email	industry			report: ibm selling personal computer unit international business machines corp. has reportedly put its personal computer business up for sale in a deal that could fetch as much as $ 2 billion and close an era for an industry pioneer which
4			wikipedia	computer	privacy	technology	internet	networking	google			yahoo pages to get touch up com september 27, 2004, 5:02 pm pt. there 's no doubt the internet will continue to make its mark in the world of business and technology.
2			coaching	boxing	basketball	sport	wrestling	boxer			coach still fighting mad at estrada it had been 24 hours since providence super heavyweight jason estrada not only lost a boxing match but also his dignity, and us boxing coach basheer abdullah still wasn't over it.
3			politics	business	fraud	drug	money			new dossier fans flames of collins stewart row with analyst the battle between collins stewart and its former employee james middleweek took yet another bizarre twist this weekend, as a new dossier containing refuted allegations of insider dealing against
1			politics	democracy	china	tibet	communist	party			china's panchen lama hails party the boy named by beijing as the 11th panchen lama praises the communist party in his first interview.
4			electronics	radio	computer	radar	frequency	wireless	technology			rfid gets a reality check baltimore radio frequency identification may be a hot topic among tech types these days, but proponents of the technology gathered here this week are keeping their exuberance in check.
4			mobile	wired	network	wireless	technology	innovation	networking			eye catching wireless technology for two days last week, companies from around the globe converged near san diego to showcase their best products and services using mobile and wireless technology.
4			mobile	battery	computer	technology	smartphone	wireless	networking	phone			at wireless unveils messaging only handheld at wireless on monday seemed to be trying to turn back the clock on cell phone design trends when it introduced the ogo, a messaging only handheld.
4			mobile	windows	technology	nokia	networking	phone	linux			panasonic unveils international 3g cell phone clamshell style wcdma phone packs a browser, e mail software, and two cameras.
4			windows	software	technology	standard	microsoft	system	security	linux			making it easier to manage heterogeneous desktop systems a vendor is pushing products designed to let admins manage whole infrastructures from a windows computer. by larry greenemeier. in a bid to help systems administrators extend their windows management tools
3			business	manufacturing	trend	sale	technology	marketing	company	patent	industry			honeywell 's 3q earnings up on sales growth aerospace and high tech manufacturer honeywell international inc. on wednesday reported an 8 percent increase in third quarter profits behind double digit growth in sales
1			election	politics	war	democracy	iran	iraq	terrorism	afghanistan			conference gives iraq democracy first test despite the steady clang of mortar shells outside and persistent violence in the country, many delegates at the opening on sunday of iraq's national conference held out hope that this first fragile taste of democracy would succeed.
4			rating	electronics	computer	device	manufacturing	price	technology	manufacturer	information	industry			semis book to bill falls amid lull for equipment amid a lull in the ic market, north american based manufacturers of semiconductor equipment posted a book to bill ratio of 1.00 in august, down from 1.04 in july, according to new figures
3			product	business	sale	technology	marketing	advertising	seo	selling			webex rolls out sales center to its hosted web conferencing service. the module will let a remote sales team pass notes behind the scenes, keep
1			politics	election	democracy	egypt	corruption	religion	terrorism	malaysia	pakistan	politician			malaysia's anwar loses bid to lift political ban malaysian rebel politician anwar ibrahim failed on wednesday in a final court bid to erase his criminal record and to immediately rejoin active politics, leaving a royal pardon as his only way back.
4			hacking	safety	software	privacy	technology	vulnerability	strategy	risk	security			ballmer beats security drum microsoft ceo steve ballmer believes the software industry will create more positive change in the next 10 years than it did in the previous 10 provided that security threats are effectively handled.
3			income	statistics	investing	company	stock	growth	finance	profit	money	earnings			caci shares climb on positive earnings shares of caci international inc. surged nearly 14 percent thursday after the company, which provided private interrogators at abu ghraib prison and elsewhere in iraq, reported a 56 percent jump in earnings.
3			business	ceo	technology	company	stock	ibm	accounting	industry			ibm stock is rising in pre market trading international business machines corp. stock rose in pre market trading tuesday, a day after the the company reported better than expected earnings for the third quarter.
4			cyber	hacking	privacy	technology	vulnerability	encryption	terrorism	security			tech ceos issue cyber security recommendations a group representing technology industry chief executives on tuesday warned that the bush administration has failed to follow through on its two year old strategy for protecting the nation 's
2			coaching	baseball	utah	scouting	basketball	soccer	sport	football	byu			utah expansion team selects under 17 coach ellinger utah 's major league soccer team hired former us under 17 coach john ellinger to coach the new team when it begins play next spring.
3			recycling	business	revenue	money	finance	profit	competition	efficiency	distribution			costco posts higher first quarter profit costco wholesale corp. , the largest u.s. warehouse club, posted a 21 percent increase in quarterly profit on thursday.
3			revenue	performance	finance	profit	transportation	competition	money	earnings			yellow roadway raises profit outlook yellow roadway corp. on tuesday raised its third quarter earnings outlook, citing a more disciplined pricing climate and better than expected operating efficiencies.
4			computer	gaming	microsoft	technology	oracle	competition	email	security			tensions rise as friday bid deadline nears amid a new war of words, calpers tendered 1.5 million shares thursday in support of oracle corp.'s $ 24 a share hostile takeover bid for peoplesoft inc.
2			olympic	olympics	athletics	sport	athlete	swimming			williams on fast track after streaking to silver not long after sunrise yesterday, lauryn williams woke up and had some breakfast. and, with that, the normalcy ended. before noon, she was at the olympic complex
3			business	company	loss	finance	bankruptcy	competition	money	email	industry			update: mci reports $ 3.4b loss but says it's back on track mci inc. reported a $ 3.4 billion third quarter loss on thursday, due mainly to a write off of the value of its assets, as the company's efforts to recover from its bankruptcy were hampered by stiff competition in the long distance telephone service market.
4			business	manufacturing	china	technology	growth	innovation	silicon	industry			chip maker smic boosts capacity and profits chip maker smic experienced healthy growth primarily due to our increase in capacity and increased demands of our customers for wafers, said company chairman richard chang.
3			politics	business	speculation	takeover	shareholder	greed	finance	competition	money			q a: stock exchange takeover with news that the london stock exchange lse has knocked back a 1.35bn offer from its german rival deutsche boerse, the ordinary shareholder may be wondering what lies ahead.
3			business	trend	privacy	technology	company	growth	analytics	industry			lucent sees first profitable year since 2000 lucent technologies quarterly earnings rose sharply, helped by improvement in its wireless networks business and lower costs, the company said wednesday.
4			device	network	ethernet	wireless	networking	intel			intel eyes tri mode wi fi upcoming chip set will support 802.11a, b, and g networks.
4			industry	application	business	technology	microsoft	enterprise	infrastructure	ibm	linux			peoplesoft ties knot with ibm the business applications maker will integrate its technology more closely with infrastructure software from big blue.
2			game	bid	olympic	olympics	city	athletics	sport	football	paris			paris favored to win 2012 olympics bid the five cities looking to host the 2012 summer games submitted bids to the international olympic committee on monday, entering the final stage of a long process in hopes of landing one of the biggest prizes in sports.
1			politics	integrity	accountability	corruption	ethics			a primer on office politics, good and bad one doesn't have to get past the first page of this book before corporate consultants and coaches rick brandon and marty seldman spell out one of the major problems many corporations face today: ''for most people, the words integrity and politics don't mix.
4			politics	news	business	network	technology	internet	rumours			wireless telecoms sector leads the way for the past year, ever since the at wireless management first put the then third largest us mobile phone group on the auction block, wall street has been abuzz with rumours and
4			virus	computer	hacking	software	worm	technology	email	security			teenage worm whiz gets it security job a young german man believed to be responsible for writing 70 per cent of all computer viruses received in the first half of this year has been given a job in it security.
2			baseball	expansion	city	soccer	sport	football	stadium	park	softball			new parks offer lessons seattle and denver have built baseball stadia that exemplify the vastly different results that come with new entertainment center construction.
4			ibm	application	business	collaboration	technology	microsoft	patent	corporation	linux			brief: ibm buys software vendor ibm said it plans to acquire software vendor systemcorp for an undisclosed sum. the montreal company makes project portfolio management software for helping companies manage it projects.
4			ibm	computer	technology	performance	patent	research	computing			ibm to commercialize blue gene supercomputer fresh from setting a record for performance among supercomputers just a few days ago, ibm today announced it is making a commercial version of its blue gene system available for businesses and scientific researchers.
4			security	safety	network	privacy	technology	encryption	vulnerability	networking	surveillance	reliability			cisco beefs up security through acquisitions cisco systems will pay $ 74 million for perfigo, a developer of packaged network access control products. perfigo 's product, cleanmachines, will bolster up cisco 's network security offerings for the small and mid size business market.
3			product	business	trend	sale	technology	marketing	company	website	competition			webex adds sales center for sales professionals webex communications is expanding its web conferencing service with an offering designed for sales professionals, the company plans to announce on monday.
2			coaching	team	scouting	basketball	sport	nfl	football	detroit	competition	lion			lions shoot blanks vs. pack the lions had a chance to make a statement and a stand in the nfc north division race sunday and in fairness to the coach their performance defied description.
3			income	statistics	revenue	business	growth	profit	finance	research	money			update 2 real estate carries intrawest back to profit ski resort developer intrawest corp. quote, profile, research idr.n: quote, profile, research jumped back into profit in the fourth quarter on greater contributions
4			electronics	battery	computer	device	usb	storage	charging			apple recalls powerbook batteries apple computer this week launched a voluntary worldwide 15 inch powerbook g4 battery exchange program to deal with 28,000 potentially faulty units.
4			statistics	computer	computing	privacy	technology	database	ibm	security			sybase partners with ibm sybase has just announced a partnership with ibm to market the former 's database on the latter 's hardware. if that doesn 't make you sit up and take notice then nothing will.
2			coaching	baseball	team	espn	basketball	sport	recruiting	football	coach			indiana, ole miss, byu dismiss coaches gerry dinardo, gary crowton and david cutcliffe all became unemployed coaches wednesday, upping the total coaching vacancies in division ia to 15.
4			ibm	computer	storage	technology	nec	patent	memory	silicon	computing			nec, toshiba claim mram breakthroughs nec and toshiba have made two advancements in developing a new type of memory that could eventually replace the standard memory used in mobile phones, mp3 players, and other portable electronic devices, the companies said wednesday.
4			electronics	computer	manufacturing	intel	technology	patent	silicon	education	industry			intel invests in five 'digital home' companies intel corp. has made new investments in five companies developing technologies that play into the chip maker's vision of a merged personal computer and consumer electronics industry, something intel calls the digital home.
3			inflation	price	economics	company	profit	finance	money	industry			nestle reports first half net profit nestle, the world 's biggest food and drink company, on wednesday posted a first half net profit of $ 2.28 billion, up 0.02 percent on the year earlier figure of $ 2.03 billion.
4			technology	ip	spectrum	telecommunication	patent	research	intel			intel, at in tie up for voice, data, wireless intel corp. intc.o: quote, profile, research and at corp. tn: quote, profile, research have signed a research and product development agreement covering internet telephone technology
3			acquisition	ceo	business	technology	company	strategy	analytics	industry			bearingpoint leader plans shake up analysts speculate that company is a possible target to be acquired and that big operational changes are in store for the 16,557 person technology consulting firm.
2			coaching	sport	football	duke	coach	fox	talent			in fox they trust: panthers lean on coach to turn around 1 7 start his team was 1 7 and his list of injured players seemed a mile long. carolina coach john fox changed nothing, sticking with his style of cutesy little clich des to pull the panthers through and prevent them from quitting on him.
4			ibm	application	software	technology	patent	computing	linux			jboss ships j2ee app server com september 20, 2004, 9:38 am pt. this fourth priority 's main focus has been improving or obtaining crm and erp software for the past year and a half.
4			network	privacy	telecom	technology	communication	fcc	telecommunication	patent	competition			fcc clears cingular acquisition of at t the federal communications commission gave its approval tuesday to cingular wireless llc's 41 billion acquisition of at wireless services inc., completing the federal regulatory blessing necessary for creation of the country's largest cellphone company.
1			politics	history	war	terrorism	battle	pakistan			najaf battle.. sistani wins big the dramatic return from abroad, call on his followers to head for najaf and the swift ending to a three week long fierce battle
4			computer	dell	chip	networking	intel	technology	hp	silicon	linux			dell ceo says considering amd chips for servers dell inc. , the no. 1 personal computer maker and the best customer of leading computer chip maker intel , is mulling using rival chips from amd , its chief executive said on thursday.
4			ibm	technology	patent	telecommunication	nasa	email	industry			ibm expands rfid offerings ibm nyse: ibm has unveiled a collection of new services designed to bring the benefits of radio frequency identification rfid systems to industrial firms and mid size businesses. the goal is to help smaller companies comply with mandates to adopt the technology by wal mart nyse: wmt , the department of defense and other organizations.
3			ceo	transparency	technology	shareholder	company	growth	profit			skillsoft learns the hard way a buyout of the online learning company looks like the best option for shareholders.
2			baseball	game	television	espn	sport	technology	tv	video	color			networks in a duel of technology some television networks are racing to develop eye catching score boxes. fox, for example, now has fire coming out of its baseball scores.
3			business	recovery	trend	revenue	sale	profit	bankruptcy	competition	recession	industry			office depot 3q profit declines office products retailer office depot inc. on wednesday reported a decline in third quarter profit due to softening in its european business, disruptions associated with the hurricanes in the southeastern united states, and lower than expected back to school sales.
4			technology	storage	networking	patent	availability	logistics	security	linux			hitachi launches next generation usp barcelona itweb, 8 september 2004 in a global launch, hitachi data systems hds has announced its new universal storage platform usp , tagmastore, which the company says features technologies previously not available in enterprise storage systems.
3			ceo	trend	sale	company	growth	profit	bankruptcy	competition	money	industry			nordstrom profit up but shares fall upscale department store chain nordstrom inc. said on thursday quarterly earnings rose 62 percent as it controlled inventory and reduced expenses, but the results fell short of wall street's expectations.
4			electricity	mobility	technology	broadband	internet	telecommunication	speed			us broadband users triple in less than three years the number of broadband users in the u.s. nearly tripled in the past two and a half years to more than 48 million subscribers, according to a report released thursday by the u.s. federal communications commission fcc .
4			computer	network	ethernet	technology	cisco	networking	ibm	switch	security			cisco to acquire it management firm the networking giant will pay $ 128 million in cash for netsolve, which manages information technology systems.
4			network	telecom	technology	siemens	infrastructure	telecommunication	patent			siemens awarded 2g 3g network extension in malaysia malaysia 's maxis communications bhd. maxis has selected siemens as one of its 2g and 3g umts infrastructure suppliers. under the terms of the three year framework contract, the siemens communications group
4			business	software	technology	marketing	microsoft	strategy	hr	windows			ms strategy pushes it to cross platform support microsoft corp. wrapped up its it forum in copenhagen this week by singing the praises of new management tools that are part of a long term vision for reducing it complexity. but behind its more vocal announcements there emerged another significant tune, one that suggested that the software maker will have to be more willing to play with platforms from other companies in order to deliver its new strategy.
1			politics	science	religion	god	fear			wineke: global warming is a moral issue for years, we ve been subjected to warnings that global warming might one day change the way we live our lives. that day, pretty much, is today.
4			computer	business	gaming	software	microsoft	technology	strategy	competition	email	industry			bitter takeover saga ends in $ 10.3 billion deal oracle corp. finally scooped up bitter rival peoplesoft inc. after 18 months of legal and verbal strife, ending a nasty feud with a $ 10.3 billion deal that promises to shake up the business software industry.
2			baseball	fan	sport	football	marketing	entertainment	washington	attendance	media			expos release ticket plan washington 's major league baseball franchise today began to unveil its plans to sell season tickets, ending two weeks of delays and marking the first tangible way for fans to connect with
2			mlb	baseball	game	espn	fan	sport	football	playoff			sportsview: best playoff stuff off field ah, october, a time when leaves start turning, the carpet in the metrodome gets a thorough vacuuming and dodgers fans usually don't even get a chance to leave games early.
1			politics	america	election	war	democracy	washington	freedom			behind enemy lines: advice from a partisan a republican on how to survive in a democratic town: this really is the greatest city in the world, but you are now behind enemy lines.
4			computer	network	technology	internet	networking	email	security	linux			intel sees web buckling, invests in new systems intel corp. intc.o: quote, profile, research on thursday outlined its vision of the internet of the future, one in which millions of computer servers would analyze and direct network
4			symbol	mobility	mark	technology	telecommunication	switch			symbol upgrades its wireless lan switch symbol technologies will take an important step in the evolution of the enterprise wireless lan on monday with the introduction of its ws 2000 wireless switch.
4			mobile	device	microsoft	technology	smartphone	wireless	nokia	phone			nokia overcomes sd card phobia
4			cyber	hacking	privacy	technology	tech	blog	security			personal tech: cybersecurity fast forward columnist rob pegoraro will be online to talk about the washington post's special cybersecurity report.
4			trend	technology	evolution	automation	growth	innovation	networking	industry			report: zigbee wireless set to swarm the wireless automation technology will see explosive growth over the next few years, a new study predicts.
3			investor	speculation	investing	technology	company	stock	market	strategy	finance	money			wind river's smooth sailing investors have unloaded on many software companies lately, such as red hat nasdaq: rhat news , siebel nasdaq: sebl news , novell nasdaq: novl news , and so on. however, with the markets perking up this week, investors are a little more sanguine about the sector at least for those stocks that exceed expectations.
1			politics	mr			nasa 's o keefe to resign; ex missile defense chief tops list of ... nasa administrator sean o keefe will resign this week, and the retired director of the pentagon 's missile defense agency tops a list of five men that president bush is considering
4			computer	linux	learning	technology	evolution	networking	email	education	class			powerschool university attendees at this year 's powerschool university ramped up their student information system skills with the new powerschool 4.0 and augmented their development activities through peer networking. aug 3
1			politics	election	intelligence	democracy	privacy	terrorism	money	ethics			house democrats decry gop intel bill some lawmakers are opposing a new intelligence bill prompted by the sept. 11, 2001, attacks, complaining that republicans refused to work with their democratic colleagues to craft a balanced bill that would represent both viewpoints...
4			electronics	computer	manufacturing	technology	semiconductor	innovation	patent	research	silicon	industry			applied materials 4th qtr profit rises to highest in four years applied materials inc., the world 's biggest maker of semiconductor production equipment, said fourth quarter profit rose to its highest level in four years on demand from chipmakers for new machines.
4			motorola	manufacturing	technology	nokia	patent	research	industry			motorola to develop foma mobile phone handset for docomo docomo previously procured foma handsets only from domestic manufacturers. the two companies motorola and docomo said they aim to market the new handset from next spring targeting business users.
4			computer	network	privacy	technology	internet	networking	email	security	linux			internet is caught in its own web it is the news that internet users do not want to hear: the worldwide web is in danger of collapsing around us. patrick gelsinger, the chief technology officer for computer chip maker intel, told a conference
2			baseball	school	athletics	sport	football	marketing	advertising	education	media			reading, writing and corporate sponsorships school districts are following the lead of the rapid escalation of commercialism at college and professional arenas and stadiums.
3			investment	investing	portfolio	performance	growth	strategy	finance	return	money			adv: investment letter performance leaders looking for independent stock research with results? portfolio b was up 187 in 2003. hager is setting the pace for performance again in 2004.
4			statistics	computer	data	technology	storage	database	information	networking			emc debuts data management software the hopkinton data storage company emc corp. will roll out a set of new products today, aimed at filling out the company's information lifecycle management strategy.
4			manager	computer	management	privacy	technology	tech	automation	productivity			managers misuse tech to control workers, study says managers with outdated notions about controlling workers are misusing technology to monitor and micromanage employees, according to a new report.
4			trend	sale	technology	marketing	advertising	industry			carphone lifted by buoyant sales strong sales of new mobile phone models boosts profits at carphone warehouse but the retailer's shares fall on concerns at a decline in profits from pre paid phones.
4			privacy	technology	telecommunication	ti	patent	silicon	security			ti declares qualcomm court victory texas instruments inc. said wednesday that a delaware court ruled a second time that the company did not materially breach an agreement with cell phone chipmaker qualcomm inc.
4			battery	computer	usb	technology	storage	networking	memory	security	linux			palmone unveils 256mb flash drive t5 pda palmone launched the tungsten t5, its first pda to ship with 256mb of memory and the first to operate as a usb flash drive, this morning, as anticipated.
4			industry	code	software	microsoft	technology	copyright	patent	competition	security	linux			progress is made in resolving antitrust issues the software industry enters 2005 with several antitrust issues behind it, a result of a handful of court decisions and out of court settlements this year.
4			industry	computer	pc	linux	technology	ibm	pcs	computing	windows			idc raises 2004 pc growth view, but trims 2005 shipments of personal computers this year will be higher than previously anticipated, boosted by demand from businesses, research firm idc said monday.
1			politics	news	election	democrat	corruption	terrorism	republican	trump	money			specter, opponents press senate leaders sen. arlen specter is working the phones and embarking on a media blitz in an attempt to cement his standing as future chairman of the senate judiciary committee in the face of demands from conservatives that he be passed over.
2			baseball	hockey	schedule	espn	basketball	athletics	sport	boston	golf	football			today's schedule pro basketball: exhibition: celtics vs. detroit at the fleetcenter, 6 p.m. college field hockey: harvard at bu, 3 p.m.; uconn at fairfield, 3 p.m.; gordon at framingham st., 3 p.m.; keene st. at endicott, 3:30 p.m.; colby at st. joseph's maine , 4 p.m.; brown at holy cross, 5 p.m.; unh at bc, 7 p.m.; regis at simmons, 7 p.m.
1			politics	democrat	congress	gov	budget	corruption	spending	tax	republican	money			california 's finance director resigns after 11 months a decision by the state 's tightfisted finance director to step down has fueled speculation inside the capitol about a possible shift on spending issues by gov.
4			statistics	business	network	trend	broadband	technology	telecommunication	industry			wireless networks business helps lucent lucent technologies inc. , among the world's largest makers of telecommunications equipment, on wednesday said quarterly earnings rose sharply, helped by improvement in its wireless networks business and lower costs.
4			network	connectivity	ethernet	technology	microsoft	cisco	networking	security	linux			call of the smb: cisco ties voip to microsoft crm cisco systems collaboration with microsoft to target the smb market is starting to bear fruit as the networking vendor monday launched a new application that integrates microsoft crm with its voip platform.
1			election	america	president	history	politics	race	bush	washington			why bush is teetering although polls say otherwise, george w. bush remains the underdog in this election. both demographics and history suggest the president 's lead is perilous.
4			australia	network	telecom	technology	internet	wireless	telecommunication	networking			optus, vodafone australia to share wireless network singtel optus ltd. and vodafone australia will share a high speed wireless phone network, matching a similar alliance between their main rivals.
4			mobile	electronics	radio	computer	technology	wireless	phone			new toys for wireless crowd as co stars of an elite, wireless oriented tech show they were improbable indeed: a weed whacker, a blender and a boombox. their decibel assault at this year 's 6th annual demomobile show in san diego was the
4			computer	network	ethernet	technology	internet	ip	networking			intel, hewlett packard work on giving internet a fundamental ... the decades old design of the internet is in need of a fundamental overhaul, and intel and hewlett packard believe they can make it more adaptable and intelligent.
2			statistics	england	television	match	result	espn	soccer	sport	football	fifa			update 1 tv executive barwick wins top job at english fa television executive brian barwick was given the top job in english football on thursday when he was appointed football association chief executive.
1			election	ukrainian	politics	result	democracy	voting	poll	russia	ukraine			summary: yanukovych leads ukraine election ukraine votes: near complete results from sunday 's presidential election show prime minister viktor yanukovych with 40 percent support and opposition leader viktor yushchenko with 39 percent.
4			electronics	computer	graphic	technology	image	patent	camera	imaging	industry			national semiconductor to sell imaging unit national semiconductor corp. said monday it agreed to sell its imaging business, which makes chips used in small cameras and cell phones, to camera giant eastman kodak co., as it focuses on its main business of making analog chips.
2			baseball	eagle	cleveland	retirement	basketball	athletics	sport	veteran	football			former eagles coach nick skorich dies nick skorich, an nfl head coach in cleveland and philadelphia and the offensive line coach on the eagles' 1960 championship team, has died at the age of 83.
4			computer	hacking	manufacturing	hardware	biotechnology	technology	patent	silicon	linux			self healing tech could boost ibm's yield designed to let processors adjust themselves dynamically in response to problems or systems demands without human intervention, the chip morphing technology could help ibm keep up with demand for good chips.
4			app	business	technology	apple	ios	apps			siebel looks to custom built apps to boost bottom line los angeles customer relationship management software maker siebel systems inc. is moving to reinvent itself in a bid to revive its flagging fortunes and drive new growth.
4			cyber	hacking	privacy	technology	vulnerability	strategy	terrorism	security			cyber security group pushes 12 point plan on white house a policy and advocacy group called on the bush administration tuesday to put more muscle behind cyber security, and urged the white house to act on a dozen proposals and recommendations to protect the country 's technology infrastructure.
4			battery	flash	computer	usb	privacy	technology	storage	memory	security			flash memory abounds in palmone 's tungsten t5 palmone inc. monday unveiled a new version of its tungsten class personal digital assistant that is designed to protect data even when the device 's battery dies.
4			electronics	cat	computer	genetics	technology	automation	patent			sir godfrey hounsfield, who helped develop the cat scanner, dies at 84 sir godfrey hounsfield was a british electrical engineer whose work in creating the cat scan won him a nobel prize.
4			computer	dell	manufacturing	biotechnology	technology	apple	ibm	silicon	industry			north carolina formally announces dell plant governor easley announced today that the computer maker is building a manufacturing facility somewhere in the triad cities, creating at least 15 hundred jobs and investing 100 m million dollars during the next five years.
4			mobile	network	mobility	connectivity	privacy	technology	wireless	networking	phone			at wireless unveils messaging only handheld the company says the device, dubbed the ogo, won't be bogged down by features that are hardly used.
2			baseball	tactic	sport	football	disaster	gambling	money			wrexham crisis moves into extra time wrexham today breathed a huge sigh of relief after being given a stay of execution by the high court but the coca cola league two club have been given just two weeks to sort out the crisis or face a winding up order.
4			india	connectivity	technology	broadband	internet	telecommunication			india can be among worlds top five by 2010 the success of indias broadband policy will depend on the government clearly articulating the strategic role it expects broadband to play in delivering socio economic gains to all stakeholders.
4			algorithms	computer	statistics	technology	math	mathematics	computing	physics			sun and the university of texas power up one of a kind ... the fastest type of computer. supercomputers are very expensive and are employed for specialized applications that require immense amounts of mathematical calculations.
2			racing	australia	cycling	doping	sport	race	event	rogers			olympics: aoc to appeal to cas for rogers to get olympic cycling ... sydney : the australian olympic committee said it has appealed to sport 's highest international arbitration body to open the way for australian cyclist michael rogers to claim a bronze medal from the athens games.
2			coaching	pittsburgh	baseball	basketball	sport	football	vs	win			win assures b r spot in the playoffs during pregame warmups for yesterday's matchup with taunton to decide the old colony league title, bridgewater raynham senior tony murdoch sprinted to the corner of the end zone and pulled down a pass with a teammate draped on his back.
3			insurance	business	investing	greed	fraud	finance	wealth	money			how to hire a financial planner you've got a money question, and the guy in the next cubicle hasn't a clue how to answer. you need trustworthy information. but where to start?
4			failure	hacking	computer	privacy	technology	internet	security	linux			the end of the www is upon us! intel is leading the charge against internet failure, claiming that with an ever increasing number of online users, we re running up on some architectural limitations .
3			travel	revenue	business	trade	tourism	vacation	profit	finance	transportation	money			american express 3rd quarter net rises 14 on travel american express co., the fourth largest us credit card issuer, said quarterly profit climbed 14 percent to a record as customers spent more on travel and carried larger loan balances.
3			store	price	sale	marketing	retailer	shopping	pricing	retail			web store scores with one item only sales takes an unusual approach in the crowded field of internet retailing. it sells just one item each weekday, starting at midnight local time in suburban dallas, where the company is based, until it sells out.
2			baseball	incentive	sport	football	gambling	pitcher	money			baseball contenders feasting on also rans one reason pennant races have heated up in both leagues is because the supposed spoilers are the ones getting spoiled. consider the tampa bay devil rays, who once were third in the american league east and flirting with .
4			computer	computing	mobility	connectivity	technology	storage	networking	location	intel	space			pentium m finds its place notebook chips will likely support location based services by 2006, intel says.
4			device	network	ethernet	wireless	technology	switching	telecommunication	networking	switch			3com partners with wireless switch start up 3com enters into the wireless switch market through a partnership with start up trapeze networks.
4			computer	game	software	privacy	technology	car	apps	ios	windows			should your next pc be a workstation? despite sub $ 1000 prices, the answer still depends on what apps you run.
4			electronics	computer	itunes	software	music	technology	listening	money			moving music off your pc? new gadgets abound as personal computers with broadband internet connections become an increasingly popular way for americans to acquire music, high tech companies are rushing to offer systems for getting music out of the pc and onto the stereo.
3			business	technology	company	performance	finance	bankruptcy	email	security	industry			siebel systems meets street view after loss last year, business software company siebel systems inc. turned to a profit in its third quarter , helped by smaller restructuring expenses.
2			politics	boxing	game	olympics	athletics	sport	london	football	competition			rogge raps olympic rivals the organisers of the london bid and its four rivals will be told this morning at a breakfast meeting here with the president of the international olympic committee to stop sniping at each other in the campaign to host the 2012 games.
2			coaching	baseball	safety	school	basketball	athletics	sport	recruiting	football	education			fans rushing onto the court or field will be costly to sec schools southeastern conference schools must prevent fans from rushing onto the basketball court and football field or face fines that could reach $ 50,000.
4			dell	manufacturing	connectivity	storage	technology	hp	networking	linux			dell hopes support hubs will improve service delivery dell is pushing ahead with plans to open it support hubs worldwide to improve its service delivery to buyers of its servers, storage devices and workstations.
4			security	computer	technology	storage	networking	memory	space	linux			emc takes storage router for a spin here 's the skinny: the emc storage router made its debut at storage network world here this week, but only in ballroom demonstrations see emc on virtualization: wait for us .
2			baseball	history	bear	chicago	basketball	sport	nfl	football	tv	offense			talking turkey: bears loss really offensive the bears broke out throwback uniforms from their 1946 championship season for a national television audience, but their offense remained stuck in the present.
4			mobile	telecom	technology	france	telecommunication	phone			bouygues and vivendi in mobile deal paris bouygues telecom and vivendi universal, both of france, began a new mobile phone service wednesday in an attempt to bolster their market share and increase revenue from young customers.
4			electronics	computer	chip	technology	circuit	networking	semiconductor	memory	silicon			drawing semiconductor circuits, one tiny line at a time a new chip making technology that uses a special kind of electron microscope to draw the circuits and will lead to better memory chips.
4			electronics	statistics	taiwan	computer	software	technology	performance	sampling	linux			nvidia sli performance preview with msi 's nforce4 sli motherboard the msi motherboard we tested is actually the very first working sample of the k8n neo4 platinum sli; in fact, as of right now there are only 4 working nforce4 sli samples at msi in taiwan, two of which happen to be in my hotel room.
4			computer	game	gaming	sport	technology	football	gamer	networking	computing			face off in gaming olympics computer gamers from around the planet are gathering in san francisco for the world cyber games.
1			election	politics	greed	fraud	finance	money	lobbying	ethics			campaign finance law sponsors sue fec two sponsors of the nation's campaign finance law sued the federal election commission on tuesday for failing to block the spending of unlimited donations in the presidential race, the second lawsuit the fec has faced over the issue this month.
4			computer	desktop	graphic	linux	hardware	power	performance	networking	windows			new imac tries to play it cool hot g5 chip requires some serious effort to avoid overheating in all in one desktop design.
1			election	politics	history	war	democracy	iran	iraq	terrorism	afghanistan			us exit poll gives karzai victory afghanistan 's election crisis seemed to be over yesterday when the main opposition challenger, yunus qanooni, withdrew his threat to boycott the result.
4			dell	computer	linux	hardware	software	microsoft	technology	hp	windows			dell back into blades, partners with microsoft for windows ... server maker dell inc is trying to steal some headlines away from sun microsystems inc, which is launching its solaris 10 unix operating system, by debuting its reentry into the server blade market, the poweredge 1855.
3			computer	business	ceo	microsoft	ibm	hr	money	email	industry			computer associates names ibm exec as ceo computer associates international inc. on tuesday named former ibm software sales head john swainson as president and chief executive, seven months after sanjay kumar stepped down amid an accounting scandal.
4			computer	technology	nokia	communication	telecommunication	phone			researchers develop 3 d phone technology it 's an idea that was popularized by princess leia 's plea for help in star wars: sending a 3 d hologram.
2			volleyball	basketball	sport	soccer	football	girl	tennis	woman			sportsview: soccer stars will be missed hers was the game that launched a thousand kicks, then tens of thousands, then millions, a rare blend of brains, beauty and hard nosed grace that redefined what it meant to play like a girl.
2			baseball	hockey	tufts	athletics	sport	golf	football	tennis			tufts' field hockey post is a good fit for mcdavitt autumn has been a busy time of year for fred and ellen mcdavitt, with all three daughters having played field hockey ever since an aunt provided the family with a sack of field hockey sticks more than 15 years ago.
2			baseball	hockey	basketball	sport	recruiting	football	motivation	playoff	money			kaman itching to play despite recent surgery as a perpetual losing franchise, the clippers have been known to find motivation in strange places, especially when they are far out of the playoff race.
4			network	technology	communication	telecommunication	finance	networking	competition	security	industry			nortel sees slower than market growth in q3 nortel networks corp. expects its revenue in the third quarter to fall below the previous quarter 's estimated number and for its full year 2004 revenue to grow slower than the overall communications equipment
2			usa	coaching	boxing	baseball	olympics	basketball	sport	nba	tennis			dream team out of gold race after loss to argentina the us men 's basketball team was beaten by argentina friday, denying it an olympic gold medal for the first time since 1992 when nba players started competing.
4			electronics	computer	china	rochester	technology	patent	camera	photography	industry			kodak, ibm to team up rochester, nyeastman kodak co. and international business machines corp. said yesterday they have agreed to develop and make image sensors for digital still cameras and camera phones.
4			technology	internet	communication	telecommunication	networking	spectrum	carrier	sprint	merger			technology challenges sprint nextel merger the proposed merger of sprint corp. and nextel communications inc. could face a shaky start as the companies work to run and eventually merge two wireless technologies without losing a ton of money or customers.
1			politics	money	race	bernie			bernie: i am not the guilty one in the ongoing silverstone dispute, bernie ecclestone says sir jackie stewart and the british racing drivers club is to blame for silverstone 's axing, not him.
2			politics	america	baseball	life	television	sport	football	tv	hollywood			mastering madden nfl isn 'ta snap it 's that time of year again, when normally affable, outgoing people abandon their families for hours at a time to stare enraptured at their tv screens.
4			job	technology	company	innovation	google	money			google goes on hiring spree article central google has started spending some of the $ 1.67 billion it made in last month 's initial public offering, recruiting a half dozen of the brightest minds from microsoft and other tech giants.
4			processor	manufacturing	technology	performance	vs	intel	linux			transmeta begins limited production of 90nm efficeon, lowers ... as the company lowered its guidance by about $ 2 million, transmeta corp. revealed today that limited production shipments of its tm8800 series efficeon processors began earlier this month.
2			coaching	baseball	injury	brady	sport	football			jags qb leftwich to miss two games even though byron leftwich's throwing arm is getting quite a workout, it probably won't help the jacksonville jaguars the next two weeks.
4			network	mobility	technology	telecom	internet	communication	telecommunication	networking			mantech to aid air force network mantech international corp. of fairfax won a $ 20.9 million contract from the air force to provide network and telecommunications services in europe and in turkey.
4			computer	linux	hardware	technology	networking	silicon	intel	computing	server			amd shows off fourway dual core cpu server chip firm amd said it is demonstrating a fourway opteron server using dual processor cores. 90 nanometre technology and silicon on insulator soi technology.
2			coaching	baseball	history	patriot	espn	sport	boston	nfl	football	rb			more history for the patriots; win streak at 20 the new england patriots extended their remarkable winning streak to 20 games on sunday and tied another nfl record in the process in their 30 20 win over the seattle seahawks at gillette stadium.
2			baseball	culture	racist	soccer	sport	race	football	mexico	racism			soccer racism taints spain's reputation spaniards used to say they lived in one of europe's most racially tolerant countries. soccer has shattered that myth. in madrid's santiago bernabeu stadium the yankee stadium of soccer spanish fans bellowed out monkey noises last week each time a black english player touched the ball in a match between england and spain.
2			boxing	game	olympic	olympics	athletics	sport	london	football	event			london submits 2012 olympic bid london sent off its bid to host the 2012 olympic games to the international olympic committee ioc today, calling it a winning formula towards snaring the world 's biggest sporting event.
4			technology	economics	company	tech	finance	innovation	oil	money	industry			oil prices seen weighing on wall street oil prices up toward $ 45 a barrel are likely to mar sentiment on wall street on wednesday, but solid earnings from software giant oracle looks set to support the technology sector.
3			trading	trend	investing	economics	market	stock	growth	finance	money			markets cap winning week with more gains all the major stock indexes were up friday as investors continue to react favorably to a drop in oil prices and better than expected economic index reports.
2			baseball	statistics	business	trend	sport	football	marketing	industry			sports authority getting in shape the sporting goods retailer trims its quarterly loss and maintains its outlook.
4			google	car	technology	evolution			happy birthday google happy birthday google google turns 6 years old today in a birthday celebration that has seen much change over the years. on september 7, 1998, google inc. opened its door in menlo park, california. the door came with a remote control, as it was attached to the garage of a friend ...
3			buying	revenue	sale	company	growth	profit	bankruptcy	money	earnings			federated department stores posts profit federated department stores inc. , parent of macy's and bloomingdale's, posted higher than expected quarterly earnings on wednesday and said it was encouraged by october sales, nudging its shares up.
3			revenue	sale	inventory	technology	loss	bankruptcy	consumer	retail	industry			circuit city loss below forecasts circuit city stores inc. reported a smaller quarterly loss friday as it kept a tight rein on expenses and demand increased for digital televisions, notebook computers and other popular products.
2			baseball	statistics	willis	sport	football	quarterback			patriots: four downs willis mcgahee hasn 't set the world on fire, as is the perception in some circles. he 's averaging just 3.7 yards per carry.
3			corp	business	ca	technology	company	ft	corporation	inc	industry			at to cut 7,400 more jobs, take $ 11.4 bln writedown at corp. said it will cut 7,400 more jobs this year and write down $ 11.4 billion of assets as the phone company retreats from the residential business it once dominated.
4			music	privacy	technology	internet	tech	copyright	industry			technology ; kazaa talked to record firms about music swaps ... technology news, sydney, kazaa, the world 's most popular internet file swapping system, told a court on thursday it was worried about users exchanging unauthorised files and held talks with record companies in the united states about the problem.
1			politics	america	election	violence	democracy	kerry	haiti			kerry causing unrest in haiti as a former longtime resident of the bellville area, i want to enlighten you on what sen. john kerry 's leadership can cause. i have been living in port au prince, haiti, for eight years with my family.
4			security	computer	hacking	privacy	hacker	encryption	technology	phone			phones catching hackers attention several web sites recently began offering software promising ringtones and screen savers for certain cell phones. but those who downloaded the software found that it turned
1			election	politics	democracy	voting	polling	poll			vote now to name bsa's antipiracy weasel poll the mother of all mustelid polls
4			device	network	ethernet	intel	technology	networking	silicon	linux			intel unveils tri mode centrino intel thursday unveiled tri mode centrino technology that will enable laptops to access wlans based on the 802.11a, b and g specifications.
1			election	news	politics	violence	democracy	parliament	corruption	religion	terrorism			verdict plunges ruling camp into turmoil aside from being shocked, members of the ruling party were at a loss for words following the constitutional court ruling that the party 's capital relocation plan was unconstitutional.
4			hacking	software	privacy	technology	fraud	seo	security			new tool identifies 'phishy' web sites a new software tool from wholesecurity inc. can spot fraudulent web sites used in online cons known as phishing scams, according to a statement from the company.
2			baseball	statistics	basketball	sport	football	texas			it 's north texas game picks it 's bill frisbie, michael pearle and clendon ross give you their picks, and the reasoning behind those picks, in saturday 's game between texas and north texas.
1			politics	election	result	democracy	voting	poll	russia	candidate	ukraine			ukraine election commission pores over last results ukraine's central election commission meets tuesday to sign off on the final paperwork from last month's presidential election, which could see winner viktor yushchenko's victory formally declared at last.
4			industry	ibm	manufacturing	technology	performance	blade	security	server			big blue beefs up bladecenter ibm is trying to capitalize on the growing blade server market. although it generates less revenue than other areas of the server market, the blade segment is increasing in volume and value to vendors, according to idc analyst jean bozman.
4			computer	hacking	linux	software	technology	vulnerability	attack	security	windows			glitches hit dell gear, microsoft software dell says that millions of notebook power adapters could put users at risk. also: office flaw could allow attacks.
2			boxing	baseball	syracuse	college	volleyball	basketball	sport	recruiting	football			syracuse football player stabbed during fight syracuse starting cornerback tanard jackson was released from the hospital monday after being stabbed in the chest during a fight outside the campus student center.
4			satellite	electronics	computer	television	technology	tv	antenna			satellite tv spreads its signals across the landscape in the last 10 years, pizza sized dishes have sprouted on homes all over the country. but how does satellite tv actually work?
3			ads	job	yahoo	business	company	seo	google			yahoo bolsters local search business listings yahoo has quietly expanded its local business listings and rolled out a service that gives businesses control over their listings in yahoo local through a new paid inclusion program.
4			business	network	privacy	technology	telecommunication	networking	email	security			telcove launches managed vpn telecommunications services provider telcove has launched a managed vpn to give its customers telecommuter and mobile employees secure, remote access to resources on their corporate networks from any location.
2			politics	hockey	nhl	sport	football	canada	toronto			nhl labour talks hit roadblock after sides reject each other 's ... the nhl season isn 't dead yet, but it is on its last legs. the cautious optimism accompanied by last week 's offer by the nhl players association was replaced by doom and gloom tuesday as both
3			computer	business	technology	evolution	marketing	greed	advertising	drug	money			brand names take a beating sure, there are more brands than ever. but their value is plummeting as consumer loyalty evaporates. who's to blame? a new breed of hyperinformed superconsumers. by james surowiecki from wired magazine.
4			computer	manufacturing	technology	performance	finance	innovation	patent	industry			chip maker posts profitable quarter higher prices and increased production gave micron technology inc. its second straight profitable quarter, but its fourth quarter results still fell short of wall street estimates.
1			election	politics	history	democracy	kabul	iran	terrorism	afghanistan			karzai sworn in as afghan president hamid karzai was sworn in as afghanistan's first democratically elected president at a ceremony in the capital kabul, witnesses said.
2			coaching	baseball	history	bc	espn	basketball	sport	boston	football			unhappy ending for bc vs. wake forest there was no escaping the sense of deja vu. for the second year in a row, boston college suffered its first loss of the season against the same atlantic coast conference opponent in almost the same way: on a long touchdown pass in the waning moments.
3			success	business	company	growth	uncertainty	profit	wealth	risk	competition	money			no jamboree for gymboree the company's latest earnings met analysts' estimates but uncertainty still lingers.
4			mobile	battery	computer	computing	device	mobility	technology	smartphone	phone			future portables go much faster all day, says intel beefier batteries and multicore chips aim to make intel's future mobiles more like desktops.
4			manufacturing	sale	technology	company	growth	innovation	semiconductor	productivity	industry			umc posts 160 surge in earnings taipei united microelectronics corp., the world 's second largest supplier of made to order semiconductors, said on wednesday that its third quarter profit rose 160 percent from a year earlier.
4			manufacturing	mobility	technology	innovation	networking	patent	security	linux			transmeta bets on longrun2 while intel and amd continue bringing low power mobile chips to market, transmeta is faced with the possibility of shifting its focus from operations and toward licensing its technologies.
1			politics	election	takeover	greed	fraud	strategy	money			takeover bid for sainsbury 's ailing supermarket chain sainsbury 's is the target of a 5bn takeover bid being prepared by an ex treasurer of the conservative party, it was reported yesterday.
2			politics	baseball	history	yankee	patriot	sport	boston	football			patriots still mean perfection nothing concerning the new england patriots can be dismissed as implausible, not with the team performing with the historic sweep that it is.
4			battery	device	mobility	technology	storage	security	linux			palmone packs the most standard storage into latest tungsten palmone will be adding a high end handheld to its tungsten line up that will fashion a sleeker longer look, while offering double the storage maximum of current devices.
1			politics	america	democracy	bush	freedom	money			bush's address to u.n. seeks cooperation president bush, trying to soften his image overseas as a heavy handed unilateralist, is using his annual address to the united nations to offer up a brighter vision of a planet with less hunger, disease and oppression. exactly six weeks before election day, bush is equally concerned about his audience at home...
4			computer	technology	machine	robot	ibm	computing	linux			ibm regains speed lead the latest machine for helping the energy department model nuclear explosions has become the world 's most powerful computer. an ibm corp.
1			election	politics	beijing	taiwan	democrat	democracy	china	voting	ireland			hk democrats vow to fight for universal suffrage by channel newsasia 's hong kong correspondent roland lim. hong kong : hong kong 's democrats have vowed to continue to push for beijing to grant universal suffrage to the territory, despite their disappointing showing in sunday 's local elections.
3			product	business	acquisition	technology	merger			westbridge merger is where the actional is actional corp. and westbridge technology inc. on monday announced the merger of the two companies, reflecting consolidation in the web services market, as vendors try to provide a broader product portfolio to a larger customer base.
2			baseball	statistics	hockey	computer	basketball	sport	football	chess	tennis			pandolfo gives rockets a lift when a tournament winds down to the final rounds, the teams with the best players usually hold the advantage. fortunately for reading, it had the best field hockey player in the game last night.
1			election	politics	minister	labour	government	cabinet	power	resignation	thatcher			new cabinet fails to squelch power struggle talk prime minister tony blair huddled with his cabinet after a reshuffle that reinforced his grip on the labour party, at least for the time being, ahead of an expected general election.
4			computer	business	privacy	technology	accounting	money	email	security			computer associates will account the it vendor agrees to pay more than $ 200 million to avoid criminal prosecution in an accounting scandal. also: peoplesoft strengthens ties with ibm hellip;. emusic gets a facelift hellip;. and more.
2			baseball	history	giant	basketball	sport	veteran	boy	football	men			giants men among boys the giants who endured the misery of the 2003 season still wince whenever last year is mentioned. they remember that they didn 't get their fourth win until the eighth game of that season.
4			electronics	computer	hacking	medicine	privacy	technology	biotechnology	drug	cancer	healthcare			fda says docs can chip patients the food and drug administration gives doctors the go ahead to implant radio frequency microchips in patients. when scanned, the chips will release patients' medical information to doctors, speeding care.
3			business	privacy	fraud	finance	accounting	money	banking			sec may be near settlement with aol time warner is close to settling a securities and exchange commission investigation into accounting at america online, a person close to the negotiations said yesterday.
1			election	politics	president	war	democracy	iran	terrorism	debate	pakistan			assembly to debate musharraf role pakistan 's national assembly is due to debate whether president pervez musharraf should serve both as president and armed forces chief.
4			electronics	device	technology	screen	patent	windows			pioneer to produce oled phone screens next year effort is part of industrywide movement to bring the brighter, energy efficient screens to the mass market.
4			computer	network	learning	technology	marketing	internet	networking			clueless about networking? click here site offer 30 off 'first step' guides
4			computer	privacy	technology	encryption	patent	security	linux			symantec to buy veritas for $ 13.5 billion computer security giant symantec corp. has agreed to buy the storage and backup program maker veritas software corp. for about $ 13.5 billion in stock in a deal that would create a massive software company that provides a wide range of programs to secure and protect networks and computers.
4			privacy	technology	communication	messaging	email			instant messaging goes graphical for most of the millions of people around the world who regularly use instant messaging, the communications tool has largely been a text only experience in which typed emoticons offer only minimal clues to someone 's state of mind.
4			industry	electronics	computer	manufacturing	technology	profit	patent	rs	competition	reliability			jabil posts profit on stronger demand contract electronics manufacturer jabil circuit inc. on tuesday posted a quarterly profit that more than doubled on stronger demand for computers, cellphones and other electronic products.
4			electronics	device	chip	usb	broadband	wireless	technology	networking			chipmaker fujitsu prepares wimax chip company preps single chip wimax compliant part for use in wireless broadband gear.
4			electronics	nintendo	game	gaming	technology	entertainment	innovation	toy	video			review: game boy add on video is limiting a pair of new add ons for nintendo co.'s game boy advance turn the handheld into something considerably more than a gaming machine a video phone and a video player. as long as you bear in mind that you're dealing with a toy, you might not be too bothered by the less than stellar quality.
4			computer	itunes	music	technology	copyright	apple	industry			apple shares close at 4 year high shares of apple computer inc. on thursday closed at a four year high as the iconic computer maker this week rolled out an ipod that displays photos and opened nine new itunes online music stores in europe.
3			business	greed	bankruptcy	money	fear			us airways chairman: liquidation possible us airways group inc. 's uair.o: quote, profile, research chairman said employees must agree to $ 800 million in new wage and benefit cuts within 30 days or the airline might be liquidated, the new york times said on thursday, citing ...
2			politics	statistics	doping	athletics	sport	race	athlete	drug	cycling			carl lewis says olympic sprints weren 't dimmed by drug scandals carl lewis, who won the olympic 100 meters in 1988 after ben johnson was thrown out for using steroids, said justin gatlin and yuliya nesterenko 's sprint victories weren 't dimmed by doping scandals that dwindled the fields.
1			politics	election	government	democracy	collaboration	privacy	microsoft	sharing	governance			microsoft offers governments sharing tools as part of its ongoing efforts to woo public sector customers, microsoft corp. has begun giving governments tools for collaborating and sharing technology information with other organizations so that they can learn from each other's experiences and cut development costs.
2			coaching	baseball	history	homecoming	saint	sport	defense	football	maryland			st. mary's takes control in its quest to relive last fall's championship season, st. mary's defeated cathedral, 34 14, yesterday to stay unbeaten in the catholic central small at 3 0. the cathedral defense, which was led by mackenzie lane 10 tackles, three quarterback rushes , made an early stand, sending st. mary's to the sideline after a quick three and out.
4			job	statistics	trend	unemployment	technology	economics	tech	innovation	research	industry			study: 400k fewer tech jobs since 2001 the u.s. information tech sector lost 403,300 jobs between march 2001 and april 2004, and the market for tech workers remains bleak, according to a new report.
4			sci	mobility	gov	technology	maryland			center nurtures newborn security cos. the chesapeake innovation center is an annapolis incubator focused solely on developing homeland security technologies.
4			computer	network	connectivity	ethernet	technology	broadband	internet	wireless	networking			ultrawideband heralds zippier wireless connections think of it as wi fi on steroids. on its way to u.s. living rooms and maybe even automobiles is a new type of high speed wireless connection that promises downloaded data rates of up to 1 gigabit per second roughly 18.5 times the speed of wi fi to personal computers and other devices.
4			electronics	computer	analytics	technology	sensor	patent	research			ibm launches new rfid and sensor software the software, developed by ibm 's new sensors and actuators business unit, is designed to help businesses collect and act on data from rfid and other sensor based technology.
2			coaching	baseball	team	statistics	michigan	basketball	sport	football	coach	win			ohio state buckeyes succeed in close games ohio state is 15 5 in games decided by a touchdown or less under coach jim tressel, an uncanny run of success that defies explanation.
1			politics	election	war	democracy	violence	strategy	attack	terrorism	republican			gop sharpens attacks as convention opens sen. john mccain said monday it was fair game to criticize democrat john kerry's anti war protests three decades ago, firing an opening salvo as republicans sought to use their national convention to portray president bush as a strong wartime leader...
2			baseball	basketball	sport	atlanta			belkin has his work cut out the man who makes the final calls on all basketball matters for the atlanta hawks was in a surprisingly collegial mode thursday morning. his team had opened the season the night before in phoenix, losing a 112 82 nail biter to the suns. most people believe there will be a lot more of those this season for the hawks.
3			asset	investor	investment	investing	stock	debt	growth	finance	loss			magellan assets fall $ 496m in august fidelity investments flagship equity fund, magellan, saw assets slip about $ 496 million in august, to $ 61.9 billion, primarily a result of investor withdrawals.
1			election	politics	speculation	egypt	poll	iran	candidate	terrorism	politician			egypt's ruling party set to confirm rise of mubarak's son egypt's ruling national democratic party ndp is expected to confirm at its annual convention this week the rise of gamal mubarak as the political heir apparent of his father, president hosni mubarak.
4			mobile	youth	broadband	technology	child	education	telecommunication	phone			calling youth market with more than $ 200 billion a year in discretionary income at their disposal, 14 to 24 year olds are the holy grail of the wireless telephone market.
2			statistics	soccer	athletics	sport	football	brazil	tennis	woman			united states tops brazil 2 1 in extra time to win gold medal in ... mia hamm and the rest of the fab five of women 's soccer from the united states had just enough left in their thirtysomething legs for one more title, beating brazil 2 1 on thursday in extra time to win the olympic gold medal in their final
4			electronics	lcd	philip	technology	energy	algae			lg.philips, lg electronics develop world 's largest organic led ... seoul, oct 19 asia pulse lg.philips lcd co. kse:034220 , the world 's second largest maker of liquid crystal display lcd , said tuesday it has developed the world 's largest organic light emitting diode
3			baseball	business	manufacturing	sale	management	technology	company	williams	growth	industry			williams sonoma 2nd qtr net rises 55; shares soar williams sonoma inc. said second quarter profit rose 55 percent, boosted by the addition of pottery barn stores and sale of outdoor furniture.
4			product	application	business	manufacturing	technology	company	innovation	industry			peoplesoft rolls out two new manufacturing modules as part of its update of its enterpriseone suite, peoplesoft nasdaq: psft has launched two new applications targeted toward the established customer base of what used to be j.d. edwards nasdaq: jdec manufacturing enterprises.
2			boxing	doping	olympics	marathon	athletics	sport	race	football	cycling			olympics: new doping scandal, judging scandals at games japan 's mizuki nogushi won the first olympic marathon raced from the historic site in 108 years on sunday, but for britain the race turned into heartbreak as its top runner quit in tears.
4			mobile	aviation	wireless	technology	broadband	weather			mosh a wireless mesh tallahassee 's wireless digital canopy has covered the downtown area, including the state capitol, for more than two years. it was expanded to include tallahassee regional airport in february.
1			election	politics	inflation	corruption	religion	hungary			gyurcsny set to become hungary 's new prime minister a 43 year old millionaire, the charismatic ferenc gyurcsny is in line to become hungary 's next prime minister. this was decided at a hungarian socialist party congress on 25 august, convened to find a replacement for pter medgyessy.
4			ibm	business	technology	microsoft	cisco	networking	patent			cisco and microsoft crm team for medium businesses integrated ... cisco systems, inc. today announced, with the support of microsoft, the cisco customer relationship management crm communications connector developed for microsoft business solutions crm.
4			mobility	ethernet	technology	wireless	nokia	siemens	networking	pcs			siemens touts hsdpa kit siemens communications will be the first vendor to bring an end to end solution for high speed downlink packet access hsdpa to market, complete with pc card.
4			politics	election	security	computer	hacking	software	technology	fraud	ethics	reliability			electronic voting raises new issues touted as the solution to the hanging chads of the 2000 presidential election, experts debate the reliability of software that operates the new electronic voting systems.
4			computer	hacking	software	technology	microsoft	strategy	ai	security			microsoft to offer software to help users combat spyware malware the malware adware threat is great enough, gates said, that microsoft is investing hundreds of millions of its $ 5 billion annual r budget toward solving it.
3			business	greed	stock	growth	finance	profit	loss	money			fedex profit, outlook up, stock down fedex corp. fdx.n: quote, profile, research said quarterly profit nearly quadrupled on in its international, ground and freight businesses, but the stock slipped on disappointment over the margins.
3			business	trend	jazz	sale	management	marketing	dj	advertising	competition			dj sees profit shortfall on weak ad sales dow jones co. on wednesday cut its earnings forecast for the current quarter, citing weakness this month in key advertising categories at its flagship newspaper, the wall street journal.
2			coaching	baseball	statistics	basketball	sport	recruiting	football	coach	usc			usc fires basketball coach henry bibby henry bibby was fired as southern california 's basketball coach monday, just four games into his ninth season. the trojans, beset by some player dissension, are 2 2.
4			electronics	chip	technology	networking	semiconductor	silicon	intel	computing			outsourcing issue flares up at chip conference a panel including two venture investors, a scholar, a laid off software engineer and two chip industry ceos debated the issue at the hot chips event sponsored by the ieee.
4			technology	economics	money	strategy	innovation	productivity	competition	efficiency	industry			3com lowers revenue forecast one analyst complains that the gear maker is in a perpetual state of transition, constantly trying to identify where it can execute.
4			computer	dell	networking	technology	hp	patent	silicon	security	linux			amd climbs on dell 's server chip interest shares of advanced micro devices amd:nyse news research took a joyride friday as news circulated that server giant dell dell:nasdaq news research may adopt amd 's server chip.
1			politics	america	election	war	peace	iraq	conflict	terrorism			the conflict over war the united states is fighting a war in iraq and americans are divided over whether it 's right. the war is a huge issue in the 2004 presidential election.
1			election	politics	australia	democracy	voting	polling	immigration	iraq	canada			voting begins in tight australia election australians voted in parliamentary elections saturday with prime minister john howard and his labor party challenger in a virtual dead heat, following a campaign that focused more on the economy and social programs than on howard's decision to send troops to iraq.
4			linux	manufacturing	intel	technology	innovation	apple	silicon	security	industry			intel ceo: company recovered from missteps intel corp. chief executive craig barrett said tuesday the company has recovered from product missteps that plagued the chip maker during the first half of the year.
4			mobile	radio	network	technology	wireless	communication	telecommunication	networking	carrier			cingular, at complete merger cingular wireless today announced it has completed its previously announced merger with at wireless, creating the nation 's biggest wireless carrier with the
3			inflation	business	speculation	stock	growth	profit	oil	wealth	money			stocks up ahead of earnings reports stocks drifted higher monday, brushing aside another record high for oil prices amid hopes the impending tide of third quarter profit reports will override worries about a struggling economic recovery.
4			computer	ge	technology	fire	energy	patent	security	industry			ge to buy spx 's fire detection unit for $ 1.4 billion general electric co. agreed to buy spx corp. 's edwards systems technology business for about $ 1.4 billion in cash to add fire detection and building safety systems to its three year old security systems unit.
3			inflation	business	trend	profit	finance	competition	money	recession			abercrombie warns of profit shortfall youth oriented retailer abercrombie fitch co. on tuesday posted an unexpected fall in quarterly profit, due largely to a lawsuit settlement charge and warned of a profit shortfall for the current quarter.
1			election	politics	war	democracy	iran	iraq	terrorism			powell tells paper u.s. working on iraq election the united states is doing everything it can to put in place conditions that will allow iraqis to conduct elections due by jan. 30, secretary of state colin powell said in an interview published on tuesday.
3			success	safety	trade	revenue	sale	profit	competition	money			profit may silence critics: coles myer australia 's biggest retailer, coles myer, hopes it has silenced its detractors by posting a record annual profit, which was above its own guidance and market expectations.
4			electronics	battery	dell	computer	hardware	technology	marketing	car	consumer	retail			dell may soon unveil more consumer goods analyst dell inc. , the world's largest pc maker, could announce an expanded selection of its consumer electronics line in the next several weeks, a retail industry analyst said on wednesday.
3			income	statistics	revenue	company	finance	money	earnings	industry			verisign tallies $ 40.3m net income in q3 internet infrastructure vendor verisign inc. today reported net income of $ 40.3 million for the third quarter of 2004, a reversal of the $ 31.3 million loss it posted in the same quarter one year earlier.
2			coaching	baseball	gaming	espn	jazz	basketball	sport	football	nba	security			jazz trip to moscow canceled because of security concerns the utah jazz 's exhibition game in russia next month was canceled by the nba on friday because of security concerns. the league and the jazz hope to reschedule the game for possibly next preseason, but with
3			politics	business	greed	profit	advertising	money			evening gazette our say the royal mail 's proud boast that it is making 1m a day profit will come as little consolation to those who feel the service is still poor.
4			politics	computer	television	privacy	technology	internet	telecommunication	email			david nicklaus at one level, the federal communications commission 's ruling this week on internet telephony was just another turf battle between state and federal governments.
4			mobile	network	technology	telecommunication	transport	sms			mms to replace texts as mobile money spinner multimedia messaging service mms is rapidly taking over from short messaging service sms , but operators must undertake major infrastructure upgrades to cope with the technology 's increased traffic demands or risk alienating customers with poor service
4			hacking	software	privacy	technology	fraud	terrorism	money	security			fbi seizes counterfeit software a two year investigation by us law enforcement authorities has resulted in one of the largest seizures of fake software ever in the us and charges against 11 individuals, government officials say.
4			politics	hacking	privacy	technology	digital	strategy	terrorism	security			digital agenda: homeland security roundtable is the u.s. investing in the proper technologies to fight terrorism? leading figures such as jim barksdale give their insights.
3			vegas	business	investing	entertainment	profit	gambling	hollywood	money			caesars profit rises, but outlook lags caesars entertainment inc. on thursday posted a rise in third quarter profit as las vegas hotels filled up and atlantic city properties squeaked out a profit that was unexpected by the company.
3			income	revenue	sale	company	profit	apple	money	earnings	industry			apple quarterly profit doubles; outlook tops views apple computer aapl on wednesday reported its quarterly profit more than doubled, on strong sales of its ipod digital music player and notebook computers, and said earnings for the current quarter would be much better than
1			election	politics	democracy	lobbying	censorship	internet	email	ethics			fec may regulate web political activity with political fund raising, campaign advertising and organizing taking place in full swing over the internet, it may just be a matter of time before the federal election commission joins the action.
4			science	biotechnology	technology	tech	robot	innovation	physics			extra: rules set for $ 50 million space prize plus: putting a face on technology could improve our interaction with hi tech gadgets.
2			america	baseball	patriot	soccer	boston	sport	football			inglorious days are history for patriots who are the patriots going to beat this week? my son asked, and because he does not believe in answers, only a string of questions, he barely took a breath before adding, and where will the patriots be playing this year's super bowl?
4			secure	authentication	network	privacy	technology	vulnerability	encryption	networking	security			hp fine tunes security management hewlett packard bolstered its security portfolio tuesday, announcing availability of an identity management product for enterprises and a security management initiative for small and midsize businesses.
2			baseball	radio	television	espn	basketball	athletics	sport	golf	football	competition			sirius to air men's ncca tournament sirius satellite radio signed a deal to air the men's ncaa basketball tournament through 2007, the latest move made in an attempt to draw customers through sports programming.
3			income	revenue	sale	technology	company	innovation	apple	money			apple posts highest q4 revenue in almost a decade apple reported revenue for the quarter of $ 2.35 billion, up 37 from the $ 1.72 billion recorded during last year's fourth quarter.
3			acquisition	business	revenue	sale	marketing	growth	finance	profit	accounting	earnings			update 1: costco 4q earnings up 24 pct. to $ 296.8m costco wholesale corp. 's earnings rose 24 percent in its latest quarter, lifted by improvement in both net sales and membership fees which more than offset a minor accounting charge.
4			ibm	network	ethernet	technology	cisco	networking	patent	switch	security			cisco first quarter profits up 29 percent cisco systems inc. 's fiscal first quarter profits jumped 29 percent as the network equipment giant reported continued strength in its traditional markets as well as emerging technologies
3			income	business	revenue	oracle	company	performance	finance	profit	earnings			brief: oracle profit rises on software demand in q1 the company reported net income of $ 509 million in its first fiscal quarter, compared with $ 440 million in income for the same quarter a year ago.
1			politics	america	democracy	economics	greed	terrorism	money			democrat kerry slams bush's 'excuse presidency' democratic candidate john kerry unleashed a harsh indictment of president bush's economic stewardship on wednesday and urged his republican rival to take responsibility instead of playing the victim.
3			job	ceo	incentive	greed	finance	profit	corporation	money			for ceos, offshoring pays u.s. companies that send the most jobs overseas handsomely reward their ceos, a new study says.
3			trade	business	trend	sale	market	retailer	october	september	retail	industry			nordstrom and costco dodge september 's retail doldrums two of the region 's best known retail brands costco wholesale corp. and nordstrom inc. bucked a national trend of lukewarm sales in september and posted significant gains over the same period last year.
3			business	disney	nothing	advertising	bankruptcy	money			cheese for the mouse house 's investors? it was probably a slip of the tongue. speaking to an investor conference on sept. 30, walt disney dis president robert iger noted that it was the end of disney 's fiscal year adding: and what a year it has been.
4			computer	hacking	privacy	technology	encryption	internet	pcs	security			news: old pcs are goldmine for data thieves organisations are risking seeing sensitive information ending up in the wrong hands, because they are failing to ensure that their unwanted pcs are properly datawiped.
4			network	privacy	technology	broadband	internet	networking	video	email			yahoo, sbc expand internet deal to video, wireless yahoo inc. and sbc communications inc. have expanded an alliance to link internet, video, wireless and home networking services, the companies said on thursday.
4			converge	convergence	collaboration	technology	integration	solution	innovation	merger			siemens launches new unit to focus on end to end systems synergy was the word siemens ag used several years ago when it talked about combining its carrier and enterprise network and mobile phone businesses under one roof. then the company spun off these operations into separate divisions to be able to focus it said more closely on customers' individual needs. now the manufacturer is pulling everything back together and the buzzwords are end to end systems and convergence.
4			electronics	computer	manufacturing	technology	aging	semiconductor	silicon	security	industry			tough times ahead for semiconductor business the number of companies building and designing microprocessors is likely to shrink by approximately 40 percent over the next 10 years, analysts from gartner inc. predicted at the research firm's semiconductor industry summit conference here in san francisco tuesday.
4			network	hardware	intel	technology	via	vs	silicon			via's twin core processor may upstage amd, intel in a move that could upstage the dual core processor plans of advanced micro devices inc. amd and intel corp., via technologies inc. is developing a twin core x86 processor that is likely to hit the market by june 2005, a company executive confirmed tuesday.
2			mlb	baseball	radio	television	espn	basketball	sport	football	broadcasting	softball			xm satellite radio signs baseball deal baseball isn 't only coming to washington, it 's also coming to a washington based company. xm satellite radio holdings will pay $ 59 million a year to broadcast most regular and post season
2			baseball	australia	rugby	afl	soccer	sport	melbourne	football	cricket			australian football: melbourne sidelined as brisbane and port ... the australian football league grand final between brisbane lions and port adelaide on saturday marks an epoch for australia 's favorite spectator sport.
3			politics	business	technology	company	growth	ft	pt	industry			at t expands job cut plan by 7,400 at t corp. is cutting 7,400 more jobs and slashing the book value of its assets by $ 11.4 billion, drastic moves prompted by the company's plan to retreat from the traditional consumer telephone business following a lost court battle.
4			acquisition	technology	marketing	company	internet	website	strategy	online	logistics			in no rush to find next acquisition having just shelled out $ 75 million for china's biggest web retailer, online shopping giant inc. is in no hurry to acquire another company to accelerate its global expansion.
3			product	store	gaming	sale	sport	car	marketing			rockstar games ships grand theft auto: san andreas for ... rockstar games, the world renowned publishing division of take two interactive software, inc. nasdaq:ttwo , is proud to announce that grand theft auto: san andreas has shipped to retail stores in north america.
1			politics	democracy	retirement	power	money	resignation			one down, two to go the sacking of prime minister gen khin nyunt this week came as no great surprise. what did come as a surprise, however, was that the state run press simply said that he was permitted to retire
4			network	wireless	technology	internet	nokia	broadband	telecommunication	networking			vodafone unveils high speed net services vodafone group plc launched high speed internet services for mobile phones across much of europe on wednesday, ending a wait of several years since the world's biggest cell phone company spent billions for new wireless licenses at the height of the technology bubble.
4			flash	graphic	data	storage	technology	performance	memory	cf			sandisk flashes new memory cards sandisk this week announced a series of cf compactflash cards that double the read and write speeds of its fastest flash cards available today, as well as an 8gb version of its ultra ii cf type 1 flash memory card.
1			politics	america	election	history	life	democracy	money			online satirists pull no punches on u.s. election some are born to rule, others to ridicule, is a worthy reminder to u.s presidential hopefuls struck by an endless arsenal of satirical barbs on the web.
4			america	china	technology	tech	growth	strategy	innovation	globalization			tech ceos chat about new products, globalization the economic rebound might be sluggish, but technology investments matter more than ever. that's what three of the industry's biggest ceos told 6,500 attendees last week at the gartner symposium and information technology expo, one of the biggest annual gatherings of tech professionals. cisco systems ceo john chambers, intel ceo craig barrett and sun microsystems ceo scott mcnealy also met with usa today reporter michelle kessler to sound off on new technologies, stock options and globalization. here's what they had to say, edited for clarity and space.
4			electricity	cable	privacy	technology	bandwidth	wireless	internet	broadband	telecommunication	networking			fcc switches on broadband delivery watch out, cable. reddy kilowatt can now invade your turf as the fcc on thursday approved regulations that allow power companies to provide broadband services.
4			electronics	hardware	technology	smartphone	nokia	hp	linux			sprint serves up samsung smartphone with the economy slowly turning up, upgrading hardware has been on businesses radar in the past 12 months as their number two priority.
2			coaching	baseball	retirement	basketball	football			artest gets bum rap from pacers clippers 102, pacers 68 at indianapolis, pacers f ron artest said yesterday that he asked coach rick carlisle for time off because of a busy schedule that included promoting a soon to
2			olympic	olympics	athletics	sport	race	athlete	swimming			athletes must come back to earth after olympic venture it was only last month that olympian kent smack was battling the world's best rowers on schinias lake outside of athens. today, he's back sitting at a desk in his office cubicle, facing deadlines and meetings.
1			election	abortion	politics	democracy	voting	corruption	power	russia	woman			lukashenko can keep power: belarus officials a woman casts her vote at a polling station in sivitsa, 70 kilometres from minsk, october 17. afp. minsk afp belarus officials said monday that president alexander lukashenko handily won the right to seek
1			politics	election	dialogue	war	negotiation	talk	peace	conflict			philippine rebels vow to end conflicts through talks the philippine rebel group, the moro islamic liberation front milf monday reiterated its resolve to end conflict with the government troops through talks.
4			wired	chip	ethernet	intel	wireless	technology	networking	silicon	linux			intel seen readying new wi fi chips intel corp. intc.o this week is expected to introduce a chip that adds support for a relatively obscure version of wi fi, analysts said on monday, in a move that could help ease congestion on wireless networks.
4			windows	computer	software	privacy	technology	encryption	microsoft	security	linux			new windows os boosts security for years, programmers at microsoft and elsewhere have worked to make it easier for devices like cell phones and personal digital assistants to work instantly and easily with computers.
3			business	sale	management	microsoft	marketing	strategy	productivity	windows			microsoft releases mom 2005 to manufacturing channel partners say the release of enterprise and smb versions of microsoft operations manager 2005 this week will boost windows management but they re not sure whether it will boost sales.
4			cable	privacy	technology	broadband	ip	internet	telecommunication			supreme court to hear case on cable as internet carrier the supreme court on friday stepped into one of the most heated debates over the future of the internet: how to classify high speed internet cable service for purposes
4			computer	technology	company	internet	trust	advertising	google	money			google roadshows left small investors out the initial public offering of internet search engine google inc. was billed as a bonanza for millions of u.s. investors but the little guy, with check in hand, was left out of the party.
1			politics	election	intelligence	democracy	cia	corruption	fraud	terrorism			us intelligence reform 'too fast' former top us officials warn against election year rush to reform us intelligence agencies.
4			industry	ibm	computer	technology	microsoft	patent	research	competition	linux			ibm says it swamps rivals in key unix computer test ibm ibm.n: quote, profile, research said on thursday its workhorse commercial computers have smashed the industry 's most demanding tests, which analysts said creates
4			failure	hacking	computer	cheating	software	technology	fraud	money	security			human error crashed britain 's dwp a software upgrade was inadvertently given to pcs not intended to receive it, which made payment processing systems at britain 's department for work and pensions stop working, eds investigation revealed.
2			politics	baseball	history	sport	race	nfl	football	vs	competition			brees, chargers still electrifying the revitalized san diego chargers showed why they keep winning, and the distraught kansas city chiefs showed why they continue to lose.
4			australia	ethernet	technology	telecom	internet	macquarie	infrastructure	telecommunication	industry			australia 's macquarie commun infrastructure trading halt sydney dow jones australia 's macquarie communications infrastructure group , which is bidding in a consortium for ntl inc.
2			coaching	dream	baseball	game	espn	basketball	fan	sport	football	reality			dreaming done, nba stars awaken to harsh olympic reality national basketball association players trying to win a fourth consecutive olympic gold medal for the united states have gotten the wake up call that the dream team days are done even if supporters have not.
4			data	storage	information	logistics	computing			reconstructing the utility storage system vision since the late 1990s, leading data storage technology vendors have adopted a myopic and largely self serving approach for addressing the two central challenges of enterprise storage: resource provisioning and data
4			science	nano	safety	chemicals	biotechnology	technology	chemistry			briefly: hd dvd group forms promotion unit roundup plus: avici extends at&t contract...ironport spam shield gets brings pci express to amd lab makes nano parts less toxic.
3			agriculture	business	trade	coffee	marketing	economics	commerce	finance	sugar	competition			sugar industry wary of commerce nominee the us sugar industry is taking a wait and see attitude toward the nomination of kellogg co. chief executive carlos gutierrez to be the new secretary of the commerce department.
1			election	politics	controversy	wikipedia	democracy	money	email			election apology starts net feud a website that apologises to the world for the us election results has been hugely successful.
4			computer	statistics	data	technology	storage	multimedia	video	memory			new technology could yield terabyte optical disks british researchers have developed a scheme to store as much as a terabyte of data on a single video disk equivalent to 472 hours of video.
4			processor	computer	hardware	technology	performance	networking	memory	intel	linux			amd launches two 64 bit chips the athlon 64 fx 55 processor and the amd athlon 64 processor 4000 the latest additions to the amd athlon 64 processor. since the introduction of the amd athlon fx processor over a year ago, we have consistently
2			coaching	brown	basketball	sport	race	football	troy	money			brown: ask and you will receive he has always done whatever they've wanted. troy brown has run back kickoffs, returned punts, caught passes. he has been the primary receiver, a decoy, a spot rusher. he has been asked to be a team leader, then asked to take a step back and be a team player.
2			baseball	statistics	australia	soccer	bowling	sport	football	cricket	cricketer			aussie cricketer keith miller honoured with state funeral keith miller was lauded as australia 's greatest all rounder and a cricket hero in the wake of the second world war by mourners at his state funeral on wednesday.
4			industry	windows	software	technology	microsoft	company	ibm	linux			ibm software vendors feel the love ibm is opening up its software developer programme in order to get more bodies behind its battle with microsoft. big blue wants to increase the number of independent software vendors it works with.
4			ibm	computer	hardware	technology	hp	patent	intel	computing	linux			hp ships itanium team to intel hp will continue to design itanium chipsets and develop the market for its itanium 2 based integrity servers, which it has positioned as a replacement for pa risc systems.
3			shareholder	profit	strategy	finance	bankruptcy	competition	money	beer			sabmiller 's profits soar 81 sabmiller, the worlds third biggest brewer, poured out a strong interim trading performance yesterday as it also said it had a potential warchest of up to $ 2 billion 1.08bn if a major acquisition opportunity occurred.
3			revenue	trend	growth	finance	profit	money	earnings	industry			fedex profit jumps, outlook raised fedex corp., the world 's top air express shipper, said thursday quarterly profit more than tripled on strength in its international, ground and freight businesses, and the company raised its full year earnings forecast.
1			politics	election	australia	democracy	voting	polling	iraq	candidate	canada			elections ensure australia will keep troops in iraq sydney, australia ap oct. 9, 2004 australian prime minister john howard has claimed victory in national elections. the vote will ensure the country keeps its troops in iraq.
1			election	politics	australia	government	democracy	parliament	finance	media			pm 's senate win opens telstra sale australia 's government cemented the most powerful mandate in nearly 25 years by winning control of the upper house, freeing it to push ahead with reforms such as the full sale of telecommunications group telstra.
2			coaching	baseball	espn	basketball	athletics	sport	recruiting	golf	football			saint joseph's extends martelli's contract saint joseph's university extended the contract of men's basketball coach phil martelli on thursday. financial terms of the deal were not disclosed, but the new contract will keep martelli on hawk hill through at least the 2011 12 season.
1			politics	america	election	history	democracy	race	money			market as unreliable as the polls this past week will go down as one of the most shocking in the annals of modern american history a once in a generation election, when the most powerful and prescient prognosticator known to man, got it all wrong.
1			politics	election	war	democracy	corruption	power	terrorism	afghanistan			karzai set for election win, mandate to tackle afghan warlords ... his election to a five year presidential term all but official, afghan leader hamid karzai was already under pressure wednesday to put the squeeze on the country 's powerful warlords and tackle a narcotics industry threatening to overwhelm one
4			statistics	computer	linux	software	microsoft	technology	security	windows			microsoft revenue up 12 in quarter a microsoft corp. division that competes head to head with the open source linux operating system posted sharply improved financial results, helping to fuel a strong quarter for the redmond software company.
4			privacy	technology	copyright	innovation	skepticism	patent	research	security			eolas patent on web plug in technology rejected the controversial eolas technologies patent looks like it is about to be rescinded by the us patent office. the office has confirmed that it has rejected all of the 10 patent claims that it re examined.
4			industry	game	business	gaming	privacy	technology	networking	linux			briefly: transmeta starts new chip, warns on earnings roundup plus: keynote to buy researcher vividence...melinda gates joins washington post woz has got game...opera browsing, as seen on tv...edgestream introduces iptv platform...dolby, intel sound off for developers.
4			computer	business	ceo	technology	microsoft	apple	ibm	ai	industry			ibm exec may become computer associates ceo troubled business software company computer associates international inc. has selected longtime ibm executive john swainson as its new chief executive, the wall street journal reported monday.
4			electronics	lcd	philip	manufacturing	technology	display	industry			lg philips lcd announces five billion dollar investment despite output glut lg philips lcd is to invest five billion dollars in new facilities to produce next generation flat panel displays in order to strengthen its global market leadership.
3			politics	acquisition	mining	company	strategy	corporation	competition	consolidation	merger			battle over gold fields iamgold merger heats up harmony gold mining says it will try to block gold fields international 's merger proposal with toronto based iamgold, despite a south african court ruling prohibiting it from doing so.
2			coaching	soccer	sport	germany	football	brazil	transfer	coach			schmid to coach u.s. under 20 soccer team sigi schmid was hired friday as coach of the u.s. under 20 team, his second stint in the job.
3			business	ceo	software	microsoft	marketing	company	technology	industry			cisco, microsoft step up small business push the two tech giants bring corporate level customer management software to mom and pop shops.
2			coaching	baseball	ms	espn	basketball	athletics	sport	recruiting	football			ohio st. extends matta's contract, bans postseason play ohio state athletic director andy geiger announced a one year contract extension for men's head basketball coach thad matta as a direct result of the school imposing a ban on postseason play for 2004 05.
4			flash	device	software	music	storage	technology	multimedia	patent	audio			sandisk plays up digital audio devices sandisk releases first digital audio players as it looks to expand the market for flash memory.
2			shooting	game	olympics	movie	sport	football	film	competition			shot putters return to ancient site of first games it was a day when the actors took a back seat to the scenery, when the question of who won and who took part was not as significant as where they competed.
2			baseball	basketball	sport	nfl	colt	football	baltimore	indianapolis			colts can 't win it all history says they cant do this. history says the indianapolis colts cant win a championship in a league where offense sells tickets and defense wins super bowls.
4			processor	chip	hardware	intel	technology	os	performance	silicon	linux			amd heralds os support for dual core cpus idf fall '04 as intel prepares to detail its own multi core chips
4			ibm	manufacturing	china	technology	growth	innovation	patent	industry			umc continues to grow faster than tsmc growth at foundry united microelectronics corporation umc continues to outpace that at taiwan semiconductor manufacturing company tsmc , which ended its record sales streak in september.
4			business	network	ethernet	broadband	technology	internet	cisco	networking	security			cisco unveils new routers for business cisco systems inc. , the biggest maker of network gear for directing internet traffic, on monday said it will introduce a new line of low end routers in the coming weeks aimed at winning more corporate business.
3			statistics	business	ceo	privacy	technology	photography	industry			before the bell: omnivision, nortel down shares of omnivision technologies inc. fell 6.2 percent in premarket trading on thursday, the morning after the image sensor designer announced the resignation of its chief financial officer.
4			manufacturing	production	technology	machinery	automation	manufacturer	machine	equipment	logistics	industry			daewoo heavy wins $ 51 mil. order daewoo heavy industries machinery said wednesday that it has won orders in the united states worth $ 51 million to supply manufacturing machines during the international manufacturing technology show 2004, which began last wednesday for an eight day run
1			politics	election	history	corruption	scandal	finance	republican	money			ohio gop in midst of money scandal on the eve of the gop national convention, republicans in battleground ohio are in the midst of a fund raising scandal and fighting in the ranks that have played out through name calling, anonymous allegations and reports of document thefts.
1			election	politics	president	australia	government	mr			prime minister begins planning fourth term after election win in ... prime minister john howard, fresh from winning an election mandate to keep australian troops in iraq as long as needed, accepted congratulations from president bush and began planning his fourth term sunday.
1			politics	election	labour	government	democracy	conservative	censorship	terrorism	thatcher			tories accuse labour of dirty tricks in cyberspace the ruling labour party was accused of planning dirty tricks by registering three internet domain names which use the name of the leader of the main opposition conservatives.
4			cyber	hacking	privacy	technology	company	security			trusecure, betrusted to merge and rename cnet security companies trusecure and betrusted are expected to formally announce on tuesday that they plan to merge and create a newly formed company called cybertrust.
4			television	network	technology	telecom	marketing	telecommunication	tv			qwest, directv bring satellite tv to western states the two companies expand an alliance to bundle directv's service with the telecom provider's own offerings.
4			electronics	computer	linux	hardware	software	technology	tech	security	industry			pay for sun 's schwartz jumps 56 percent com september 22, 2004, 4:33 pm pt. with the economy slowly turning up, upgrading hardware has been on businesses radar in the past 12 months as their number two priority.
4			computer	software	music	publishing	technology	copyright	piracy	linux			reincarnated napster goes public roxio bought the napster name in a bankruptcy auction two years ago. now, the company dumps its cd burning software business to concentrate on selling and delivering music over the web under the napster name.
4			science	electronics	battery	computer	technology	power	sensor	robot			tiny sensors that can track anything they're small, smart and vigilant, the sort of miniature technology that science fiction writers once dreamed of. but the battery powered, wireless sensors sometimes known as smart dust are here, and they're making their way into the electronic fabric of our lives.
4			computer	linux	java	hardware	technology	architecture	intel	computing	windows			vmware aims for four processor abilities vmware, the emc subsidiary whose software lets a computer run multiple operating systems simultaneously in separate virtual machines, has grown a step more ambitious.
3			statistics	revenue	trend	technology	marketing	growth	strategy	industry			trial by fire covad communications 2, covd deserves a gold star simply for surviving the internet wipeout. rivals like rhythms and northpoint are memories. in the 1990s covad built the nation's largest digital subscriber line dsl network, offering rapid net access, but fell into chapter 11 and got delisted from nasdaq. now the company is back from bankruptcy, trading on the o t c bulletin board and narrowing its losses. for 2004's first half the red ink shrank 66 to 21 million. revenues increased a healthy 18 to 216 million.
4			windows	electronics	computer	mac	technology	apple	macintosh	computing	linux			apple 's new imac computer is all display apple computer unveiled, after a two month delay, its new imac desktop computer on tuesday which integrates disk drives and processors into a flat display less than two inches thick.
2			diabetes	cycling	doping	race	sport	blood	racing			doping probe may tarnish tyler: marblehead cyclist could lose ... cyclist tyler hamilton 's journey has taken him from the north shore to the summit of mount olympus, but the marblehead native now faces his greatest challenge as he fights a blood doping
4			privacy	wireless	technology	internet	broadband	freedom			san francisco aims for citywide wifi how cool would this be? free wifi for everyone in san francisco. san francisco mayor gavin newsom set a goal thursday of providing free wireless internet activity in his city.
1			election	politics	baghdad	democracy	violence	war	iraq	afghanistan	terrorism			bombing mars launch of political campaign in iraq the iraqi political campaign officially kicked off yesterday, colored by hope but tempered by violence that highlighted security concerns leading up to the national election set for jan. 30.
1			politics	election	democracy	iran	islam	corruption	religion	terrorism			al sadr looks for role after najaf losses the erosion of some of radical cleric muqtada al sadr 's status showed recently when his supporters gathered outside his office here.
1			politics	america	democracy	love	god	money			questions for the comforter in chief how could i have forgotten that george w. was a compassionate conservative? he chose the moniker of a kinder, gentler republican four years ago to distinguish himself from newt gingrich 's crowd.
2			coaching	baseball	sport	recruiting	football	coach	maryland	quarterback			'new beginning' needed the maryland football coaching staff enters the offseason ready to reexamine everything from practice philosophy to its own performance.
2			coaching	baseball	basketball	sport	football	wrestling	iowa			eustachy returns to iowa, but loses game larry eustachy returned to iowa with a new look and a new attitude. he also picked up a technical foul. some things never change.
4			security	computer	hacking	threat	privacy	technology	terrorism	email	surveillance			ibm tracking threats to computer networks ibm 's campus in boulder has begun issuing a monthly report on threats to computer networks that has similarities to uncle sam 's system for warning citizens about the danger of terrorist attacks.
2			coaching	baseball	espn	basketball	sport	cheer	football	usc			o.j. to cheer for trojans at orange bowl to o.j. simpson, the lure of seeing his alma mater play so close to home in this orange bowl was impossible to turn down.
4			biotechnology	technology	marketing	pricing	patent	drug	generic			update 2 alpharma says court clears generic of pfizer drug a federal appeals court has cleared the way for alpharma inc. alo.n: quote, profile, research to launch a generic form of pfizer inc 's pfe.
4			processor	computer	hardware	technology	performance	networking	intel	computing	linux			intel speeds up centrino chip intel 's pentium m 765 ships with 2 mb of onboard power managed level 2 cache and a frequency of 2.1 ghz. it also features a 400 mhz system bus and power saving technologies designed to optimize
4			electronics	radio	computer	safety	security	radar	technology	surveillance			retailer to follow rfid test with full rollout germany's metro group tested radio tag inventory control for a year and found it good enough to deploy but not perfect.
4			network	ethernet	technology	internet	routing	communication	ip	telecommunication	networking			railroad uses ip net to control signals, switches the burlington northern and santa fe railway is nearing the completion of a $ 30 million, government funded ip network that will support combined voice, data and video traffic along a heavily used rail corridor between seattle and tacoma.
2			baseball	hockey	safety	basketball	sport	golf	football	health	cycling			sports: denney says says go go boots helped prevent serious injury minneapolis cleveland indians pitcher kyle denney says the go go boots he was wearing may have prevented a bullet from seriously injuring his leg.
4			processor	chip	hardware	intel	technology	power	performance	silicon			intel prepares for the next 20 years chip maker plans for smaller, faster, less power hungry processors.
2			baseball	history	giant	sport	football			giants: how they won why it happened tom coughlin won his first game as giants coach and immediately announced a fine amnesty for all giants. just kidding.
1			election	ukrainian	politics	democracy	polling	poll	corruption	russia	ukraine			ukraine shifts focus to polling booth parliament failed tuesday to agree on constitutional changes and election reforms.
4			technology	marketing	internet	advertising	email			at t introduces e mail, im device the ogo gadget is ready to go for e mail and im happy consumers and teens.
4			product	catalyst	technology	cisco	patent	chemistry	switch			cisco expands catalyst switching range cisco systems has expanded its range of catalyst switching products and services with the launch of offerings specifically targeted at small and medium sized businesses smbs .
3			relationship	investor	investment	investing	company	finance	money	security			types of investors: which are you? learn a little about yourself, and it may improve your performance.
4			electronics	computer	linux	chip	intel	technology	apple	silicon	industry			intel corp. makes marketing push for centrino chip intel corp. on monday launched a global advertising campaign for its centrino notebook computer chips, aiming to boost sales of a brand that has brought the world's largest chip maker more than $ 3 billion in revenue since its start last year.
3			insurance	trading	investor	company	stock	profit	risk	money	earnings			investors on alert for earnings warnings investors are expected to focus on oil prices and corporate earnings outlooks this week, and the slightest warning about company revenues could weigh on stocks.
3			business	ceo	china	investing	technology	company	strategy	competition			wpp profit rises; company ponders bid for grey global wpp group plc, the world 's second largest advertising and marketing company, said first half profit rose 11 percent as demand increased in the us and asia, and reiterated it 's looking into buying grey global inc.
4			product	electronics	technology	marketing	apple	innovation	consumer			apple store takes reviews but not of its own stuff apple will brook no criticism of its offerings on its new product review page but praise and pan other makers' stuff all you like.
4			radio	network	technology	internet	communication	telecommunication	networking	email			nortel networks fait le point sur sa situation toronto business wire oct 27, 2004 nortel networks corporation nyse:nt tsx:nt et sa principale filiale oprationnelle nortel networks limited nnl ont fait le point ce jour la suite de l mission de directives de communication
4			computer	linux	technology	microsoft	performance	machine	ibm	ai	computing	industry			ibm dominates list of top supercomputers with performance almost double that of the earth simulator, in yokohama, japan, ibm corp.'s blue gene l on monday was officially ranked first on the top500 list of the world's fastest supercomputers. ibm built four of the top ten machines on the biannual list, which was set to be announced monday evening at the sc2004 conference in pittsburgh.
4			loyalty	network	privacy	technology	marketing	company	ethics	consumer	security			ibm tops it loyalty survey these days, technology providers take nothing for granted, especially their customers: there are plenty of stories of providers going to extraordinary lengths to win and keep customers.
4			computer	pc	linux	privacy	technology	innovation	apple	security	industry			technology slower growth and reduced profits will likely squeeze three of the nation 's top 10 personal computer manufacturers out of the market by 2007, a research firm predicted monday.
4			electronics	taiwan	business	china	chip	technology	aging	semiconductor	industry			a new order of business for chip industry when morris chang, the founder of the taiwan semiconductor manufacturing company, speaks of the future of the chip business, he sounds somber.
3			hospital	healthcare	health	business			cardinal health to cut 4,200 jobs, shut 25 offices in ... cardinal health inc., a medical products and services company based in dublin, ohio, plans to cut 4,200 jobs, or about 7 percent of its work force, and close 25 offices as part of a three year restructuring plan, the company said monday.
3			acquisition	business	company	bankruptcy	corporation	consolidation	merger			mergers up but not hot this summer corporate deal makers started the summer hoping an improved economy would make this merger season a hot one. as the bullish stock market and other merger friendly conditions fizzled, however, so did their hopes.
4			network	connectivity	ethernet	technology	broadband	internet	cisco	networking	security			cisco unveils new routers for business cisco systems inc. csco.o: quote, profile, research , the biggest maker of network gear for directing internet traffic, on monday said it will introduce a new line of low end routers
4			electronics	device	material	technology	semiconductor	silicon	temperature			new technique to enhance semiconductors conventional silicon based microchips have been known to be problematic at high temperatures, often due to heat generated by the circuit within while operating at high frequencies.
2			baseball	statistics	espn	soccer	sport	technology	football	stadium	tech			photo gallery: game on for tech gear sports teams are putting high technology into stadiums to attract fans, generate cash and improve standings.
4			building	engineering	construction	technology	architecture	design			bye bye blueprint: 3d modeling catches on three dimensional technology is changing the way buildings are designed and built but the industry will have to change, too.
4			computer	acquisition	technology	company	telecommunication	system	patent	security	merger			siebel to acquire edocs for $ 115 million siebel systems inc. will acquire edocs inc. for $ 115 million to help customers reduce call center and billing costs.
4			computer	business	privacy	technology	internet	networking	google	money			trio makes web data transfer to handsets easier have you ever gone online to get driving directions, only to leave the printout behind? have you made movie plans, but forgot to jot down the show times? or do you simply need an easy way to feed phone numbers to your cell phone? a trio of entrepreneurs believe they have a solution.
4			grid	dell	network	technology	infrastructure	energy	hp	patent	linux			oracle, dell to boost grid standards dell inc. chairman michael dell announced a long term partnership between his company and other hardware and software vendors to develop best practices in deploying a grid computing infrastructure.
4			ibm	computer	manufacturing	chip	technology	semiconductor	patent	silicon			ibm, amd work to shrink chips ibm and advanced micro devices have tacked a three year extension onto their december 2002 collaboration agreement that could see the two companies work on chip making technologies based on a 32 nanometer process.
3			history	statistics	business	fact	technology	company	stock	finance	research	money			steel partners bids $ 700 mln for gencorp us investment fund steel partners ii on thursday offered to buy 90 percent of gencorp inc. gy.n: quote, profile, research it does not already own for about $ 700 million
2			coaching	baseball	expansion	basketball	sport	technology	football	competition			league setup aids big ten in bcs with no. 14 minnesota trying to become the seventh big ten member to earn a bowl championship series berth, it 's a good time to point out that in an age of conference expansion staying small has its advantages.
4			mobile	device	privacy	wireless	technology	phone			at t wireless to offer phoneless messaging service in a detour from the cellular industry's rush toward tricked out smart phones, at t wireless services inc. awe may introduce a device that can't be used for voice calls...
4			computer	chip	hardware	intel	technology	networking	semiconductor	silicon	security	linux			amd loses nvidia monopoly the new deal is broad ranging, allowing nvidia to license intel 's front side bus technology so that it can build integrated chipsets for motherboards while also leaving the door open for cooperation on other fronts.
1			politics	election	unity	revolution	democracy	corruption	terrorism	venezuela			venezuelan president appeals for unity pledging to respect private wealth and fight corruption, venezuelan president hugo chavez has told his opponents they should not fear his left wing revolution .
4			electronics	computer	chip	hardware	intel	technology	performance	silicon	linux			intel reaches pentium 4 speed limit at 3.8 ghz as expected, intel corp. introduced a 3.8 ghz pentium 4 processor today in what could represent the end of an era for the chip maker.
4			electronics	computer	manufacturing	chip	technology	semiconductor	silicon	intel			intel claims 65 nanometre breakthrough chip giant intel is expected to announce today that it has succeeded in producing an sram using 65 nanometre technology. the chip circuit gates are also a third smaller than using the current 90 nanometre process technology, intel will claim.
2			mobile	baseball	network	espn	sport	technology	football	sprint			espn to launch mobile phone service in sprint deal walt disney co.'s espn sports television network is launching its own brand of mobile telephone service in a deal with sprint corp. catering to sports fans with news and game highlights on a next generation network, the companies said on wednesday.
4			mobile	mobility	technology	broadband	charging	networking	phone			at keeps expanding net phone service the bedminster based company yesterday said it was pushing into 21 new markets with the service, at callvantage, and extending an introductory rate offer until sept. 30. in addition, the company is offering in home installation of up to five ...
4			processor	computer	intel	technology	power	hp	silicon	computing			intel's barrett takes on the 'power challenge' ceo tells why the move to multicore chips is a necessary one, and how intel ate crow. also: the microsoft and amd factors.
4			electronics	battery	computer	taiwan	china	storage	technology			apple recalls notebook batteries apple computer inc. issued a recall of about 28,000 batteries that were being used in its 15 powerbook notebook computers. the batteries in question were produced between the january and august time frame. the batters were manufacturered by a korean firm ...
4			news	cable	television	network	technology	telecommunication	tv	media			ntl to sell masts in 1.3bn deal britain 's largest cable company, ntl, is to sell its network of communication masts and towers in a deal worth almost 1.3bn, it was announced today.
3			business	ceo	india	shareholder	company	finance	profit	money			reebok posts 30 rise in q3 profit reebok international ltd. reported a 30 percent pop in profit for the third quarter thursday and said that its chairman will take on the day to day duties of the company.
2			marathon	running	athletics	race	sport	athlete	iaaf	cycling			kenya 's kirui wins world half marathon kenya 's paul kirui won the world half marathon sunday and china 's sun ying jie took the women 's race. the 24 year old kirui finished in 1 hour, 2 minutes, 15 seconds, beating tanzania 's fabiano joseph by 16 seconds.
4			computer	technology	car	machine	robot	ibm	speed	computing	linux			supercomputers: the fastest in the land ibm 's blue gene l takes the top prize, proving it 's not the size of your computer, but the number of teraflops. in the computing drag race, ibm 's new blue gene l is greased lightning.
4			computer	privacy	technology	internet	networking	google	email	linux			review: local pc search not perfect if you want to find a needle of information in the seemingly endless haystack that is the web, just punch a few words into your favorite internet search engine. but if you want to pull up a file from your pc's hard drive, good luck.
1			election	politics	history	florida	democracy	voting	privacy	fraud			judge tosses fla. e voting paper trail suit florida will not be forced to create a paper record in case of recounts in elections on touch screen voting machines, a federal judge ruled monday.
3			investor	business	healthcare	investing	company	stock	finance	research	money	industry			pfizer shares fall on analyst downgrade shares of pfizer inc. closed down more than 2 percent on monday after an analyst lowered her investment rating on the world's largest pharmaceutical company's stock.
4			telecom	broadband	ip	technology	telecommunication	competition	number			brits prepare for voip deluge uk telecom regulator office of communications ofcom effectively gave the green light to voice over broadband competition today by ruling that service providers could provide geographic numbers ones with area codes to voip customers see ofcom speaks
2			coaching	baseball	boxing	basketball	sport	tough	football	wrestling	money			pitt punishment pittsburgh point guard carl krauser is a bronx kid and a former amateur boxer, so he knows tough when he sees it; and he knows when he doesn 't see it.
3			sci	business	ceo	china	marketing	company	italy	industry			ysl chief replaces santucci at gucci robert polet, chief executive of the gucci group, named company veteran mark lee to the post of president and managing director of the gucci division, moving quickly to
2			luck	baseball	basketball	sport	heat	football			shaq, heat get hot start, romp over nets shaquille o neal caught the ball deep in the low post, used his oversized posterior to bump alonzo mourning out of the way, then dropped in a layup with no one else around.
4			computer	chip	hardware	intel	technology	performance	silicon	computing	linux			sony, ibm, toshiba say powerful chip to start production in 2005 san jose, calif. a long awaited microprocessor developed by ibm, sony, and toshiba will go into production next year and start appearing in video game consoles and high definition t vs in 2006.
1			election	america	politics	history	strategy	texas	money			gop governors in swing states under gun the crowd on the republican convention floor couldn't be more aware of how close the race for president is, from reminders at breakfast to speeches that run until nearly midnight. but few feel the pressure more than governors of states where the contest could go either way.
3			brand	product	trend	sale	marketing	profit	consumer	competition			hj heinz reports drop in quarterly profit ketchup maker hj heinz co. tuesday reported a 9 percent drop in quarterly profit after spinning off some brands, but demand for new items like ore ida extra crispy fries helped to boost sales.
2			medal	hockey	statistics	game	olympics	athletics	sport	athlete	canada			despatie least likely disappointment another notch on the canadian medal chart of expectations ended with the least likely of fourth place finishes at the olympic games.
4			mobile	device	microsoft	technology	smartphone	nokia	finland	phone			nokia to offer secure digital card capability in its devices london, september 14 new ratings nokia has decided to enable the use of sd secure digital memory cards in its mobile devices.
3			gm	business	china	company	canada	corporation	competition	money	industry			stelco says losing biggest customer general motors stelco inc. quote, profile, research said on friday that it would be losing general motors gm.n: quote, profile, research , its biggest customer
1			politics	election	result	democracy	kabul	iran	iraq	candidate	afghanistan			first results in historic afghan vote put karzai in lead the first results released in afghanistan's presidential election put president hamid karzai in the lead after 7513 votes were counted in the northern province of kunduz, afghanistan's electoral commission said.
4			electronics	computer	pc	hardware	technology	ibm	pcs	computing	linux			amd targets developing world with low cost pc advanced micro devices inc. next week plans to unveil a sub $ 300 pc for the developing world as the company tries to get a jump on a potentially enormous market.
3			income	revenue	sale	marketing	consumption	growth	consumer	competition	distribution	industry			weaker sales affects coca cola coca cola reports a 24 drop in quarterly income on the back of weak sales of its soft drinks, juices and bottled waters.
1			politics	election	democracy	islam	corruption	iraq	religion	terrorism	malaysia	party			malaysia's anwar mulls multi party alliance malaysia's former deputy premier anwar ibrahim has made no commitment yet to join any political party but is likely to play a role in a multi party alliance, probably in opposition, he told afp.
4			mobile	electronics	technology	samsung	silicon	linux			skorea 's samsung electronics develops world 's 1st hdd embedded ... samsung electronics co said that it has developed a hard disc drive hdd embedded mobile handset, claiming it the world 's first.
2			baseball	chicago	basketball	sport	football	quarterback	indianapolis			bizarre monday night football message coach dick vermeil stands alone in his office, anxiously looking one last time at the play list he has scripted for his monday night game against indianapolis.
1			p	war	politics			the fate of ken bigley and the struggle against the occupation of ... the fate of british hostage kenneth bigley has come to encapsulate the unbridgeable division between the political establishment and the democratic hopes and concerns of working people.
2			politics	boxing	baseball	sport	race	swimming	phelps	competition			spectator phelps' 8th medal ties record michael phelps won another gold medal, this time wearing khaki shorts and flip flops. from a front row seat at the olympic pool, phelps watched his teammates do all the work in the 400 meter medley relay saturday night...
4			computer	chip	hardware	intel	technology	hp	networking	silicon	linux			intel looks to get back on track after its recent delays and missteps, chip maker sets its sights on a dual core future. intel will look to a multicore future during the fall intel developer forum idf in san francisco this week as it tries
3			success	business	marketing	finance	advertising	money			need a job? get a card arresting id pitch to business analysis redefining voluntary again...
1			politics	president	democracy	corruption	poe	presidential			poe condition turns for worst , carlito pablo. editor 's note: published on page a1 of the dec. 14, 2004 issue of the philippine daily inquirer. his pass was good for three hours but former president
4			computer	software	privacy	technology	microsoft	internet	networking	email	windows			comcast deal gives microsoft entry into cable tv comcast is giving microsoft something the software giant has struggled to get on its own: an easy way to expand from the desktop computer to the home entertainment center.
1			politics	indonesia	president	election	democracy	polling	iran	religion	afghanistan			yudhoyono declared president indonesia 's national elections commission officially declared susilo bambang yudhoyono president monday after vote counting in the country 's sept 20 presidential election runoff was finalized.
4			geek	electronics	privacy	technology	tech	innovation	networking			geektech: here comes btx new industry standard should offer cooler, quieter systems so why isn't anybody rushing to embrace it?
2			pool	swim	sport	swimmer	swimming	diving			sports headlines from the summer olympics saturday marks the final day of swimming at the 2004 olympics and even though american michael phelps will not be in the pool for the 400 meter medley relay he will have a chance to tie an incredible record.
4			contract	computer	technology	strategy	procurement	competition	money	logistics	security	industry			8 firms vie for pieces of air force contract the real competition is about to begin for the eight government contractors picked to update the air force 's communication systems modernizing databases and giving forces in battle better
4			computer	government	biotechnology	technology	economics	innovation	corporation			panel: government backing for supercomputers can benefit business corporate america needs to find ways to leverage government investments in powerful supercomputers to make sure the technology finds its way into the private sector, according to a panel at this week's sc2004 supercomputing conference.
3			industry	computer	linux	business	java	enterprise	windows			novell launches desktop linux for enterprises novell inc. will begin shipping on tuesday a desktop version of its open source linux operating system aimed squarely at enterprise users.
4			product	application	software	microsoft	technology	nokia	ibm	security	windows			microsoft targets midmarket with navision update microsoft corp. is building on its 2002 buy of danish business application developer navision a s with the release monday of its first major product built on the navision software suite.
4			electronics	computer	hacking	ethernet	hardware	technology	networking	security	linux			netgear unveils 48 port gigabit smart switch with the economy slowly turning up, upgrading hardware has been on businesses radar in the past 12 months as their number two priority.
4			device	network	connectivity	ethernet	technology	storage	nas	networking	security			iomega preps wifi storage solution iomega is soon expected to ship its first network attached storage nas device based on wireless networking technology. called the nas 100d, the product will be marketed as an entry level
4			wikipedia	virus	computer	software	privacy	technology	piracy			does your site need a custom search engine toolbar? does your site need a custom search engine toolbar? today's surfers aren't always too comfortable installing software on their computers. especially free software that they don't necessarily understand. with all the horror stories of viruses, spyware, and adware that make the front page these days, it's no wonder. so is there ...
4			statistics	business	data	technology	database	information	ibm			big blue absorbs venetica in move to strengthen information ... in a move it says will strengthen its bid to dominate information integration markets, ibm announced thursday that it was acquiring venetica, a charlotte based developer of database integration tools.
4			science	award	technology	innovation	research	competition	prize	astronomy			x prize sponsors plan other prizes sponsors of the $ 10 million euro8.13 million ansari x prize, which helped propel a privately built manned rocket into space this week, announced thursday a plan to offer other prizes to spur innovation in other fields.
4			manufacturing	chip	technology	storage	semiconductor	performance	patent	silicon	security	industry			excess chip stockpiles surge above $ 1 bln isuppli surplus stockpiles of semiconductors ballooned 38 percent to $ 1.1 billion in the third quarter, according to preliminary estimates by market research firm isuppli.
4			network	ethernet	technology	wireless	nokia	ip	networking	patent			nokia, nec test ip multimedia interoperability two industry heavyweights have completed interoperability tests of a new technology designed to drive the convergence of voice, data, and video services over wireless and fixed infrastructure based on the internet protocol.
4			computer	device	usb	technology	storage	networking	memory	linux			100gb notebook drives arrive hitachi global storage technologies hgst will ship new 2.5 inch hard drives with capacities up to 100gb for notebooks by the end of 2004, the company said today.
4			electronics	battery	computer	chip	privacy	technology	silicon	intel	linux			barrett: intel scraps projection tv chip on again, off again. intel nasdaq: intc news people has canceled a project to create a chip for projection tvs. the announcement perhaps wasn 't much of a surpise.
4			mobile	china	technology	smartphone	nokia	phone	industry			global handset sales reached record in 2nd quarter survey global handset sales rose to record levels in the second quarter, putting the industry on track to ship 650 million cell phones in 2004 as market leader nokia halted its decline, a survey said on thursday.
4			revenue	manufacturing	technology	performance	growth	semiconductor	silicon	security	industry			gartner: '04 chip revenue growth strong, '05 weaker the semiconductor industry remains on track to record a significant increase in revenue during 2004, according to gartner inc.'s latest forecast for the year released tuesday. after that, however, the outlook takes a turn for the worse.
4			wikipedia	computer	privacy	technology	internet	networking	google			analysts can 't peg google com september 28, 2004, 9:54 am pt. there 's no doubt the internet will continue to make its mark in the world of business and technology.
1			politics	election	democrat	voting	race	black	republican	minority	color	racism			kerry hints gop may suppress black votes john kerry suggested saturday night that republicans may try to keep black voters from casting their ballots to help president bush win in november.
4			ibm	computer	network	connectivity	mobility	technology	sensor	networking	patent			ibm plans a big push into logistics ibm was to announce on monday that it would invest $ 250 million over the next five years and employ a thousand people in a new business unit to support products and services related to sensor networks.
4			dell	progress	technology	growth	apple	hp	innovation	silicon	industry			amd reflects on progress, dell possibilities executives at advanced micro devices inc. amd painted a much different picture of the chip maker than in recent years during a briefing for analysts and reporters friday at the company's headquarters in sunnyvale, california.
3			business	trade	sale	marketing	growth	strategy	retail	competition	money			wal mart suffers another blow goldman cuts no. 1 retailer 's rating to in line from outperform on heels of weak november sales. new york reuters wal mart stores inc, the world 's biggest retailer, suffered another blow to its star
3			delta	business	recovery	restructuring	debt	finance	bankruptcy	money			delta still not out of the woods in terms of avoiding bankruptcy delta air lines inc. has a tentative pilot deal on concessions and much needed breathing room. but it has not detailed the progress of its key debt restructuring efforts.
1			politics	election	campaign	business	marketing	advertising	cancer	money			sharper image says campaign hurt 3q sharper image corp., a retailer of personal and home electronics, posted a third quarter loss thursday, saying same store sales slipped and that the presidential election campaign hurt business.
4			security	computer	hacking	technology	hacker	email	organisation			hackers use old tricks to sting business more than half of the latest vulnerabilities to it systems are commonly identified loopholes that organisations have failed to fix, since discovering them last year.
1			politics	china	money	woman			women in china finally making a great leap forward mao said 'women hold up half the sky.' but only today are urban women making big gains.
2			coaching	baseball	statistics	espn	volleyball	basketball	sport	california	football	player			de la salle players accept end of streak the players and coaching staff of de la salle high accepted the end of the streak. one day after the california team had its 151 game winning streak, the nation 's longest, snapped
4			processor	specification	hardware	intel	technology	performance	silicon	linux			amd offers performance details of new dual core opteron san jose, calif.advanced micro devices inc. on tuesday unveiled its dual core architecture here at in stat mdr 's fall processor forum and provided the first estimates of the chip 's performance.
2			coaching	baseball	hockey	basketball	sport	boston	football	fashion			terriers are unable to go out in style after boston university's 2 1 loss to minnesota last night at walter brown arena, the last game bu will play at the babcock street building, nearly half of the terrier squad trudged down the runway to their locker room.
3			boeing	business	manufacturing	aviation	technology	strategy	profit	industry			lockheed martin profit jumps 41 in quarter lockheed martin corp. yesterday reported a 41 percent increase in profit during its third quarter as fighter jet and information technology demand continued to drive growth.
4			electronics	computer	chip	intel	technology	semiconductor	silicon	computing	linux			intel cancels projection tv chip project in another change of plans, semiconductor giant intel corp. canceled a project thursday to develop a chip for projection tvs and said it planned to focus its resources in other areas.
4			business	detail	technology	company	patent	research	google			advanced neuromodulation takes stake in cyberonics advanced neuromodulation systems ansi.o: quote, profile, research on friday said it took a 14.9 percent equity stake in cyberonics inc. cybx.o: quote, profile, research , expressing interest in combining the two companies, ...
1			politics	election	computer	violence	democracy	people	speech	racism			democracy takes a back seat the sound emanating from back rooms at the labour party conference in the brighton centre yesterday was the unedifying one of backs being scratched.
3			income	revenue	business	sale	growth	profit	loss	bankruptcy	money			schering plough posts profit, sales dip schering plough corp. swung to a profit in the third quarter from a loss a year ago, even as sales decline slightly in the period.
4			computer	privacy	technology	broadband	internet	communication	telecommunication	networking	email			verizon launches 'iobi' service verizon communications inc. yesterday launched a new $ 7.95 a month messaging and call forwarding service that lets people get many of the benefits of advanced internet phone systems, even if they have only conventional telephone lines and dial up net access or no computer at all.
3			success	business	work	greed	money			m m! m m! could be better! campbell soup company nyse: cpb shareholders, when seeing today 's first quarter earnings report, probably said, m m!
4			manufacturing	mobility	hardware	technology	evolution	performance	innovation	apple	linux			palmone announces new breed treo palmone 's updated treo, the treo 650, will employ a new processor, have a sharper display and flash memory, as the company continues to improve its flagship product.
2			doping	olympics	athletics	sport	greece	football	athlete	drug	cycling			greek athlete tests positive for drugs greek pride was dealt another blow on friday when one of their athletes failed a drugs test at the olympics just 48 hours after its two top sprinters pulled out of the games in a doping scandal.
4			electronics	nano	computer	chip	intel	biotechnology	technology	innovation	semiconductor	silicon			intel targets nanotechnology for future chip development intel plans to use novel materials and manufacturing processes to develop smaller and faster computer chips once current technologies no longer do the trick.
3			business	privacy	technology	economics	company	fraud	money	industry			news of aig federal inquiry drags blue chips into the red us blue chip stocks slid lower yesterday, pulled down by industrial bellwether caterpillar, but technology shares remained higher after ebay posted strong earnings.
4			lcd	trend	technology	sharp	performance	ft	industry			sharp expects record operating profit sharp corp., the world's largest maker of liquid crystal display televisions, said on monday it expected operating profit for the april september first half to rise 32 percent to a record on strong demand for lcd tvs.
4			computer	linux	software	technology	storage	networking	computing	server			linux networx lands 40 million funding linux networx closed on a 40 million funding and unveiled a new scalable storage system engineered for use with its linux networx computing systems.
3			politics	money	business			small business, ill defined you may not have heard my name mentioned, but i was a hot item of discussion during the bush kerry debates. how can that be, given that the words allan sloan passed the lips of neither kerry nor bush?
2			boxing	egypt	basketball	judo	athletics	sport	football	wrestling			ibrahim wins egypt's first gold in 56 years greco roman wrestler karam ibrahim won egypt's first olympic gold medal in 56 years on thursday, crushing ramaz nozadze of georgia in just over three minutes to lift the 96kg title in athens.
3			business	entrepreneur	technology	company	growth	strategy	corporation	industry			stanley swaps doors for locks stanley works tries to keep growth going by focusing on businesses that keep baddies out.
2			overtime	baseball	hockey	atlanta	basketball	sport	football			all star game canceled the nhl yesterday canceled the 2005 all star game in atlanta, an aggressive step toward canceling the 2004 05 season. the move was made 49 days into this year 's lockout, which is a bit of a surprise.
4			computer	statistics	technology	company	performance	finance	ibm	accounting	productivity	industry			computer associates results top view software maker computer associates international ltd. , on wednesday posted better than expected quarterly results and said full year earnings will exceed wall street estimates, aided by cost cutting.
1			election	politics	democratic	democrat	democracy	republican	party			nerd party needed to replace 'left wing' democrats, says area man election 2004 point and click
2			america	baseball	history	patriot	espn	sport	boston	nfl	football			patriots not keeping tabs on streak the new england patriots are so single minded in pursuing their third super bowl triumph in four years that they almost have no room for any other history.
2			coaching	basketball	football	everything			williams just won 't let it go in the end, it wasn 't about holding on to the no. 1 ranking or the preseason nit title or even the game. for wake forest 's eric williams, it was just about holding on to the ball.
4			politics	business	privacy	technology	money	phone			cell phone switching can cost in billing switching to a new cell phone provider is supposed to be easier than ever due to new rules that let you keep your phone number. but jilted carriers aren 't giving up without a parting shot.
3			sale	marketing	growth	profit	productivity	consumer	competition	industry			kraft affirms 2004 profit forecast kraft foods inc. thursday stood by its previously lowered earnings forecast for the calendar year and said new products including its 100 calorie snack packs would help drive growth in the second half.
4			electronics	music	privacy	technology	money			songs in the shade it seems like a cool idea sunglasses with a built in digital music player and speakers. and if thump, oakley 's new breed of eyewear, retailed for about $ 100, it might be an alternative to the rudimentary flash memory card music players on the market.
4			grid	collaboration	technology	patent	computing	linux			grid pioneers to launch company the creators of the widely used globus toolkit have formed a company to provide commercial software, services and support for the open source software that has become the de facto standard for grid computing.
4			radio	wireless	telecom	technology	broadband	broadcasting	telecommunication	spectrum			new rules for britain's airwaves control of the uk's radio spectrum is being handed to the business community to promote wireless services.
4			network	technology	internet	communication	telecommunication	networking	email	link			linksys, vonage team up on voip cisco systems inc.'s linksys division is set to enter the consumer voip voice over internet protocol space on tuesday through a deal with vonage holdings corp. to provide customer equipment for that company's internet based telephone service.
2			boxing	baseball	doping	basketball	rehabilitation	sport	football	cancer			adrian beltre files for free agency dodgers slugger adrian beltre filed for free agency thursday the same day he underwent arthroscopic surgery to remove two large bone spurs from his left ankle.
4			mobile	motorola	network	mobility	technology	nokia	wireless	telecommunication	networking	phone			ntt docomo, motorola tie up on 3g handsets ntt docomo will release a handset compatible with non japanese cellular networks and with its own 3g third generation mobile network early next year. the handset will be made by motorola inc. for docomo and will also support wireless lan, the two companies said in a statement on wednesday.
1			senate	election	politics	halifax	government	candidate	senator	canada	politician			nova scotia backbencher to introduce bill to elect senate replacements halifax cp a nova scotia government backbencher is stepping forward to try to fulfil a promise made by premier john hamm to hold elections for senate vacancies.
4			product	automotive	engineering	manufacturing	technology	car	automation	part	logistics	industry			enigma teams with daimlerchrysler, t systems on parts and repair platform daimlerchrysler's new system, xentry, will replace multiple applications with a single web based system that gives mechanics a real time integrated view of parts, service diagnostic and corporate information.
1			politics	ads	election	campaign	kerry	strategy	advertising	mccain	money			bush, kerry, parties spending 40m on ads president bush, sen. john kerry and their political parties are spending nearly 40 million on tv ads in the final week of the presidential campaign as they adjust their strategies in a shrinking battleground.
2			pool	australia	sport	swimming	training	competition			after games pressure, world short course presents different ... after the pressure of the olympic games, training for the world short course swim championships was a challenge for victoria 's rick say.
1			politics	election	history	war	violence	conspiracy	democracy	freedom			active duty military attending the rnc a recent report filed by the associated press contained a startling bit of information: about 15 percent of the 4,800 plus delegates and alternates to the convention in new york are veterans, organizers said monday. an additional 3 percent are active military personnel. this report was displayed prominently on the republican national committee's website, and lauded gleefully by the fine folks at free republic, among others as it turns out though, it's actually not such a good thing to have active duty military anywhere near a political convention if you value your democracy. in fact, up until just a few days before the convention, it was quite illegal for active duty military even to attend. and yet, there it was in black and white. active duty military members were not only attending, but participating as delegates in the rnc. how could this happen?
2			baseball	giant	sport	football	quarterback			on the far side of the field, a familiar face perhaps there will be a moment during sunday's game between the giants and the redskins when a coach and his former franchise quarterback will do a double take.
4			biotechnology	investing	technology	finance	innovation	patent	research	healthcare			sd venture funding resilient companies developing new drugs and biomedical devices got the biggest percentage of funds invested by venture capital firms in the third quarter, according to two new surveys.
4			linux	server	technology	performance	networking	ibm	intel	computing	reliability			ibm to use amd's dual core opteron upgrade to high performance server will include amd's dual core chip.
4			industry	electronics	pc	computer	linux	manufacturing	hardware	technology	pcs	windows			hardware slump predicted more tin makers are going to crash and burn with three of the top 10 pc makers being squeezed out of the market by 2007, gartner has repeated for the third time so far this month.
3			business	software	technology	microsoft	company	finance	industry			microsoft shows small business software new navision 4.0 application includes financial, e commerce, and crm tools.
4			automotive	electronics	car	technology	bankruptcy	patent	industry			delphi gets sec subpoena automotive parts supplier delphi corp. said wednesday it received a subpoena from the securities and exchange commission in late july related to agreements with electronic data systems corp.
4			mobile	mobility	technology	telecom	internet	wireless	broadband	telecommunication	carrier			verizon expands dsl service baby bell extends broadband offerings to 16 more regions in its geographical footprint.
4			electronics	battery	computer	device	drive	usb	technology	linux			hard drives to accelerate into gadgets a report predicts one third of all hard drives will be in consumer electronics devices by 2008.
4			computer	business	data	technology	storage	networking	ibm	computing	industry			ibm unveils new arms in emc war stung by its loss of market share to hopkinton 's emc corp., ibm corp. fought back yesterday with a pair of major new data storage offerings, including
3			business	technology	company	growth	innovation	google	money			googles googly despite wall streets carping in recent weeks and having landed in trouble for failing to register as many as $ 3 billion worth of shares , googles young founders have landed on their feet.
2			politics	baseball	controversy	violence	basketball	sport	football	media			nba players and supporters charged five memebrs of the national basketball association 's indiana pacers and seven supporters have been charged over the melee that broke out at the end of a nationally televised game against
2			baseball	statistics	learning	basketball	sport	recruiting	football	strategy	talent			fantasy dozen: rb outlooks in cleveland and minnesota every sunday, we look at 12 important lessons to be learned from the day 's games in the fantasy dozen. in week six, some receivers had good outings, but not all of them have earned our trust yet.
1			politics	election	revolution	protest	war	violence	conflict	terrorism	haiti			tensions grip haitian capital as aristide loyalists call third day ... streets were blocked with overturned cars and debris in the haitian capital saturday while followers of ousted president jean bertrand aristide called for a third day of demonstrations to demand his return.
4			ibm	computer	computing	linux	technology	time	nasa	space	industry			ibm reclaims world supercomputing title the united states today reclaimed the lead in global supercomputing more than two years after japans earth simulator shook the computing world by claiming the top spot.
4			science	virus	computer	mac	unix	technology	networking	macintosh	computing	linux			the right tools for research now with centralized management of their more than 1000 mac, pc and unix computers, scientists at the university of maryland 's college of life sciences have more freedom than ever to focus on their research. for many of them, the mac platform is all they need. dec 16
3			coal	business	acquisition	speculation	management	stock			takeover rumours spur sainsbury stock shares in j sainsbury have risen by 3 per cent on mounting rumours of a potential 8 billion bid involving allan leighton, the serial director.
1			politics	democracy	economics	corruption	greed	finance	money	leadership			dutch candour rijkman groenink has learnt the hard way. the abn amro chief executive admits frankly that his inexperience as a leader lay behind over ambition and mistakes when he took over at the dutch bank 4years ago.
2			baseball	art	sport	football	cancer	money			mets: wright shares spotlight in a wild victory art howe stood behind his desk, looked down at his folded scorecard and scratched his head as he gazed at all the scribblings and crossed out names that made the card look like a 2 year old 's afternoon art project.
2			baseball	game	television	nbc	olympic	espn	olympics	sport	abc			nbc finishes summer games like a champ after a disastrous performance in sydney, nbc proved its olympic mettle with multi network, vastly expanded coverage that both did better and was better.
4			electronics	music	technology			the moog synthesizer makes a comeback a growing number of contemporary musicians and techno enthusiasts have reignited interest in the moog, which can synthesize any sound imaginable.
4			politics	computer	biotechnology	privacy	technology	tech	strategy	innovation	education			technology secretary for virginia steps down virginia's secretary of technology, george c. newstrom, said yesterday that he is stepping down from the post after more than two years on the job. he will be replaced by his deputy, eugene j. huang.
1			politics	america	democracy	money	ethics			don 't rush to judge annan since the widening controversy over the un 's oil for food program bubbled onto the international stage last january, it 's been a weapon for conservatives in congress who want to see kofi annan walk the plank.
4			electronics	battery	computer	electricity	safety	technology	power	energy	reliability	linux			dell to recall 990,000 laptop power adapters cpsc dell inc. will recall about 990,000 power adapters for some of its laptop computer models because of a risk of overheating which could lead to a fire or electrical shock, the u.s. consumer product safety commission said on friday.
3			income	statistics	business	revenue	sale	loss	profit	finance	money			krispy kreme posts net loss after charges struggling doughnut shop chain krispy kreme doughnuts inc. kkd.n: quote, profile, research on monday reported a quarterly net loss because of impairment charges and store closing costs.
2			radio	television	sport	music	entertainment	tv	money	media			briefly: toshiba tinkers with wi fi for tv roundup plus: music promoter offers concert tackles web services attachments...newspaper sites take up paid search ads.
4			processor	computer	linux	manufacturing	chip	technology	performance	patent	intel	industry			texas instruments narrows its 4th qtr sales forecast texas instruments inc., the world 's biggest maker of mobile phone processors, narrowed its fourth quarter sales forecast because industrial customers for its chips continue to reduce inventory.
2			cycling	doping	athletics	sport	football	athlete	azerbaijan			two powerlifters test positive for banned substances two powerlifters from azerbaijan have tested positive for banned substances in initial doping tests and are banned for life from the paralympics, officials said wednesday.
4			application	linux	java	hardware	software	performance	computing	windows			start up banks on java hardware boost hardware expected to begin selling next year is designed to make it faster and more efficient to run java programs.
3			job	inflation	business	unemployment	economics	growth	money	employment	industry			business briefs worries about job prospects led to a bigger than expected drop in consumer confidence in august and provided more evidence of the fragility of the economic expansion.
1			politics	election	history	beijing	democracy	china	corruption	japan	strategy	leadership			china's former president jiang turns over last post to hu beijing ap former president jiang zemin turned over his last major post as chairman of the commission that runs china's military to his successor hu jintao, the government said sunday, completing the country's first peaceful leadership transition since its 1949 revolution.
4			computer	linux	java	programming	software	performance	development	computing	windows			sgi works on linux performance software sgi begins work on an open source version of a development tool for high performance computing programmers.
4			boeing	contractor	syracuse	manufacturing	technology	company	tech	ibm	industry			lockheed martin to hire about 500 engineers defense contractor lockheed martin corp. on friday said its business in syracuse will hire up to 500 new engineers in 2005. in october, the syracuse business said it would hire 40 employees by the end of the
3			investor	investing	company	finance	bankruptcy	ibm	corporation	money	industry			amd extends chip deal with ibm a filing with the securities and exchange commission shows that amd has extended its existing deal with ibm. according to investors.
2			politics	baseball	rugby	soccer	sport	nfl	football	media	rivalry			clash over internet sports photos britains big football leagues and daily newspapers are circling each other in a showdown over game photos on internet sites.
2			politics	boxing	england	soccer	sport	football	tennis	racism			soccer: yellow card row leaves beckham facing red card from ... baku : david beckham is set to be hauled over the coals by english football authorities over his admission that he deliberately fouled an opponent to earn himself a convenient booking in last week 's world cup qualifier against wales.
2			coaching	overtime	boxing	espn	basketball	sport	rule	regulation	nba			nba suspends four after bulls wizards fight nba vice president stu jackson wednesday handed out suspensions for four players involved in a fight during monday's preseason game between the washington wizards and chicago bulls.
4			science	alien	movie	technology	religion			sci fi paints a pretty picture whether you're into science fiction's predicted future or just like bizarre creatures, here's an art show for you. rachel metz reports from new york.
4			ibm	computer	linux	software	technology	microsoft	copyright	patent	security	windows			us air force deploys microsoft and dell the us air force has awarded a $ 500m, six year contract to microsoft corp and dell corp, to update and consolidate 38 software licenses across multiple sites on more than 525,000 machines.
3			america	business	china	technology	economics	growth	innovation	money	globalization	industry			economic growth better than thought the us economy grew faster in the second quarter than previously thought as business inventories rose at the strongest rate in four years, the government said on
3			ceo	success	money	surprise			baan founder launches new web services company jan baan, a name synonymous with one of the great erp success stories of the 1990s, is back. and he 's looking to compete with the likes of sap ag, his former business nemesis, with a new company.
4			computer	linux	unix	software	technology	distribution	security	windows			red hat buys netscape technology red hat nasdaq: rhat , the u.s. linux distributor, said it will buy a number of software assets from america online.
2			boxing	soccer	sport	investing	football	dubai	wrestling			haji ioannou: easy win versus stelmar board former billionaire stelios haji ioannou loves winning the good fight, whether battling us movie studios, the car rental industry or travel agents.
4			business	privacy	technology	internet	ip	email	security	im			imlogic launches free im, p2p blocker imlogic inc. on tuesday launched a free tool to let enterprises detect and block the use of instant messaging, peer to peer file sharing networks and voice over ip applications within their walls.
4			product	application	linux	solution	patent	windows			siebel taps motive software to improve usability siebel nasdaq: sebl has been on a mission to lower the tco of its applications since last year's release of 7.5.3, a version that concentrated mainly on cost savings modifications and other user friendly improvements.
2			coaching	baseball	statistics	espn	basketball	suspension	sport	player	nba			nba suspends nine players, artest for rest of season nba on sunday suspended nine players for involving in a melee during friday 's game between detorit pistons and indiana pacers, with ron artest suspended for the rest of the season, 73 games.
4			battery	nano	device	cell	technology	cancer	silicon			sony, ibm, and toshiba reveal more plans for cell chip the four companies developing the cell microprocessor released a few more details about the chip on monday and with them a surprise: first generation versions of the device won't be built on a cutting edge production technology into which the companies have sunk billions of dollars, but on a technology already in widespread use today.
4			technology	evolution	marketing	growth	innovation	change	money			is voip just chump change? at&t chief david dorman says he expects voip to be a $ 2 billion a year business, small change for his company.
1			election	america	politics	democracy	china	money			boeing says wto action not tied to us election the us complaint at the world trade organization over loans by european governments to european rival airbus isn 't driven by election politics, boeing chief executive harry stonecipher said yesterday.
3			science	business	conspiracy	company	ft	co	inc	cf			mylan says icahn talks not in co 's best interests mylan laboratories inc. myl.n: quote, profile, research on monday said its board does not believe discussions with financier carl icahn 's about his unsolicited proposal to buy the company are in the company 's best interests.
4			linux	business	india	china	software	technology	japan	innovation	industry			indian software boom on track, industry head says india's software exports are on track to grow by 30 percent in the year to march 2005, despite attempts in the key u.s. market to discourage outsourcing and protect jobs, the industry's head said on monday.
4			collaboration	software	technology	evolution	innovation	ethics			keeping the open source spirit alive in a commercial world in theory, the open source concept is simple, elegant, almost utopian: thousands of developers contributing their skills to continually improve and refine a piece of software for the common good.
2			jay	baseball	michael	sport	football	money			fiedler given opportunity to spark winless dolphins by all accounts, jay fiedler is a good guy. he signs autographs, performs charity work and always speaks well of others, even the new york jets.
1			election	politics	campaign	participation	china	voting	money			fewer pledge to swap votes thousands plan to take part this year in an online effort that lets backers of third party candidates in swing states trade votes with people in less critical locations. but overall participation is lower than in 2000. by joanna glasner.
2			baseball	statistics	hockey	soccer	basketball	sport	football	playoff	tennis			another step along the way the unofficial exhibition season disclaimer for defending champions and lottery teams alike reads as follows:
4			mobility	connectivity	ethernet	aviation	wireless	technology	car	speed	windows			apple unveils fastest, most affordable ibook g4 ever cupertino, californiaoctober 19, 2004apple today unveiled the fastest, most affordable ibook g4 ever for consumers and education customers, featuring built in airport extreme 54 mbps 802.
4			mobile	network	technology	internet	telecommunication	networking	carrier	sprint			sprint in talks with qualcomm on tv to cellphones sprint corp. is in talks with qualcomm inc. about using a network the chipmaker is building to deliver live television to sprint mobile phone customers, chief operating officer len lauer said on tuesday.
3			china	perry	business			icahn: mylan says takeover bid neutralized as perry becomes top ... check or checkmate? carl icahn, attempting to block mylan laboratories nyse: myl news people in its buyup of king pharmaceuticals nyse: kg news people , made his move: earlier this month, the
4			java	collaboration	software	project	development	linux			jboss introduces workflow engine for bpm jboss jbpm signifies another major step for jboss, as we continue to build out a complete open source middleware platform of loosely coupled projects all backed by enterprise grade services
4			business	technology	amazon	internet	google			ebay will keep subsidiary open indefinitely ebay announced thursday that it will keep its subsidiary open indefinitely, scrapping previous plans to shutter the e commerce site in mid october.
4			electronics	battery	electricity	technology	solar	power	energy	carbon	silicon			an all new power walk wearable solar panels that help charge mobile phones or music players are likely to come on sale within three years, the new scientist says.
4			electronics	philip	privacy	technology	nokia	patent	industry			philips to reduce value of stake in medquist royal philips electronics said on wednesday that it would take a $ 752 million charge in the fourth quarter to reduce the value of its stake in medquist
1			politics	election	democracy	germany	parliament	russia	hungary			hungary 's socialists dump pm, forint falls hungary 's ruling socialists dumped prime minister peter medgyessy thursday, in an attempt to strengthen their hold on a government which has slipped despite a stronger economy and entry into ...
4			ibm	computer	application	linux	software	microsoft	technology	patent	industry			peoplesoft ties knot with ibm com september 21, 2004, 11:23 am pt. this fourth priority 's main focus has been improving or obtaining crm and erp software for the past year and a half.
4			developer	microsoft	technology	evolution	strategy	innovation	windows			thunderbird, firefox, and transitional applications these last few months have been extremely exciting for the talented developers at the mozilla project. their firefox browser has re ignited the browser wars and done what no one thought possible taken
2			team	statistics	hockey	sport	scoring	competition	canada			canadian women 's hockey team advances to four nations cup final ... the canadian women 's hockey team will try to regain the four nations cup title sunday after beating finland 4 1 to advance to the championship game.
1			politics	america	election	democracy	europe	kerry	bush			how europe sees it europeans were right. it was a world election. they favored kerry, roughly 6 1. now they must live with the result. europeans opposed bush largely because they believe his
1			politics	controversy	ethics	skepticism	philosophy	ethical			ethics in practice in debate, participants often present ethics as an overriding consideration. nbsp;sometimes, ethics is referenced by several nbsp;participants in support of contradictory positions. nbsp;when this happens debate tends to stall, as participants lack a framework for resolving their varying ethical valuations. nbsp;in the interest of keeping k5 flamewars running smoothly, below is an attempt to outline what such a framework might look like.
4			television	network	digital	technology	broadband	telecommunication	loss			digital subscribers help cablevision cut loss cablevision systems said that its loss in the third quarter was 41 percent smaller than in the period last year as demand for its digital television, high speed internet and phone services offset higher operating costs.
2			coaching	baseball	sport	winning	football	quarterback	talent			cowboys back in saddle bill parcells wants to develop drew henson into an nfl quarterback and he wants to win games. if he has to pick one, he'll take winning every time.
4			electronics	computer	device	hardware	software	technology	tech	equipment	gear			digital gear: gadgets, networks go mobile a high capacity cigar, keys to the internet, disc repair tools, bluetooth add on kit, and more.
2			boxing	basketball	sport	football	chess	wrestling	money	boxer			the olympics 2004: boxing: i khan go for gold next time teenage boxing sensation amir khan kissed his olympic silver medal and vowed to grab a gold in four years. the 17 year old lightweight star said he would resist the big money offers and stay amateur.
1			politics	job	computer	democracy	race	power	greed	money			the word on the next ipod: flash apple aapl ceo steve jobs has always approached his job with the zeal and showmanship of a populist politician. jobs has another attribute common to the political classes, namely that even when he says never, you can never really be sure.
4			electronics	device	manufacturing	technology	semiconductor	patent	silicon			amd, ibm announce semiconductor manufacturing technology ... amd and ibm today announced that they have developed a new and unique strained silicon transistor technology aimed at improving processor performance and power efficiency.
2			coaching	baseball	running	brown	basketball	sport	football			brown has chance for rookie run record eddie george left tennessee with a bunch of team rushing records. in just his third nfl start, chris brown now has an opportunity to do something george never could.
2			coaching	baseball	basketball	wisconsin	sport	recruiting	defense	football	competition			uw men s basketball: tucker, chambliss lift badgers coach bo ryan said the university of wisconsin men 's basketball team would have to mature quickly if it wanted to compete with 12th ranked maryland tuesday night.
3			business	technology	finance	profit	rs	money	industry			flextronics posts profit flextronics international ltd., the no. 1 contract electronics manufacturer, on monday posted a quarterly profit helped by strong sales of consumer electronics equipment that it makes for brand name customers.
4			ibm	pc	computer	business	manufacturing	technology	patent	pcs	industry			ibm in talks to sell its pc business ibm is in talks to sell its personal computer manufacturing business which, if successful, would mark the end of an era in the brief history of the pc, a machine the company helped to invent.
4			electronics	radio	gap	music	technology	tech	fashion	audio	wear			gap's gadget garment blasts your favorite tunes wearable tech goes mainstream as the gap introduces jacket with built in radio.
2			baseball	soccer	athletics	sport	volleyball	basketball	football	tennis	cycling			tennis: chilean alchemists turn dreams into gold in a feat that would have made ancient alchemists green with envy, chile's fernando gonzalez and nicolas massu turned sweat, tears and raw desire into solid gold at the olympic games.
3			product	price	sale	amazon	marketing	retailer	consumer	retail	industry			wal mart, retailers november sales slow as gas prices rise sales at us retailers including wal mart stores inc. probably slowed in november, the start of the holiday shopping season, as rising energy prices curbed consumer spending.
4			network	mobility	ethernet	technology	wireless	networking	patent	industry			cingular at t wireless: now for integration the us 41 billion merger of cingular wireless and at t wireless services nyse: awe is the largest so far in the u.s. wireless telecom industry.
4			device	network	connectivity	ethernet	usb	technology	wireless	networking	intel			intel 's centrino connects with all wi fi standards intel announced on thursday a component that 's compatible with all wi fi standards, which will let the chipmaker reach the full audience of individuals seeking to be wirelessly connected.
1			politics	president	diplomacy	democracy	iraq	washington	terrorism			powell says will work hard until he exits secretary of state colin powell, widely viewed as the moderate in an administration dominated by hawks, announced monday he will step down as america's chief diplomat once a successor is in place.
1			election	politics	protest	democracy	poll	corruption	russia	ukraine	opposition			opposition rally in ukraine tens of thousands of supporters of opposition presidential candidate viktor yushchencko have rallied in the streets of the ukrainian capital, kiev, to demand next week 's elections are free and fair.
1			politics	america	election	life	democracy	bush	washington	freedom			world leaders hope for fresh start with bush with a few notable exceptions, world leaders reaction to george w. bush 's electoral victory has been muted. as he declared victory on wednesday afternoon, bush said he is proud of his active international
4			electronics	safety	privacy	technology	vision	photography	surveillance			electronic eye may help blind cross street equipped with a tiny camera, a high tech device that recognizes the white stripes of a pedestrian crosswalk and reads traffic lights could tell a blind person when it's safe to cross the street, researchers say.
4			electronics	battery	electricity	technology	car	hydrogen	energy			hitachi, toshiba show portable fuel cells devices to power to pdas, cell phones, and laptops could be available next year.
4			electricity	telecom	technology	internet	broadband	telecommunication			slt internet services fully restored sri lanka telecom slt has restored fully the internet services pertaining to its dial up internet, dedicated to internet, adsl and e mail services, a news release from sri lanka telecom said.
3			trading	business	trade	price	market	health	competition	food	industry			uk big food: trading has remained tough uk food supplier big food group uk:bfp posted a 3.3 percent drop in same store sales for the 13 weeks ending oct. 1. trading has remained tough in the food sector in recent months for
3			computer	trade	business	technology	commerce	fraud	finance	competition	money			commerce one announces layoffs internet software developer commerce one inc. on friday said it laid off about 61 percent of its staff to conserve cash ahead of plans to close down its business, sending its stock plunging during morning trading.
1			politics	america	election	democracy	bush	iraq	washington	terrorism	republican			republican convention opens as delegates adopt platform republicans are preparing to offer president bush to the voters based in large measure on his response to 9 11.
4			trend	technology	company	tech	stock	growth	innovation	oil	dow	industry			stocks fall on oil, dow ends below 10,000 the blue chip dow jones average closed below 10,000 for the first time in about six weeks on monday as a spike in oil prices to nearly 50 a barrel renewed concerns about corporate profits while analysts cutting recommendations hurt tech stocks.
3			politics	business	sale	tax	marketing	coke	profit	corporation	consumer			politics, layoffs cited as coke profits fizzle the coca cola co. reported a 24 percent drop in third quarter profit on flat revenue, but beat analysts reduced expectations that were tempered after the beverage giant 's previous warnings.
3			statistics	business	ceo	investor	financial	finance	accounting	money	email	linux			red hat names cfo after restatements red hat inc. , a linux software distributor that in july said it would restate three years' of financial results, on thursday named charles peters as chief financial officer.
4			statistics	manufacturing	technology	service	market	growth	finance	industry			service sector revenues rise in q2 revenues in key sectors of the u.s. services industry grew in the second quarter, the government said on monday in a new survey aimed at measuring growth in the giant tranche of the economy.
2			politics	baseball	passion	sport	race	golf	football	competition	rivalry			it may not be red sox yankees, but ryder cup rivalry is real the ryder cup is always emotional, which ensures that it will be compelling. no other event in golf stirs up similar passions, and nobody involved seems immune to it.
4			wired	ethernet	technology	broadband	internet	wireless	networking	intel			wi fi successor called high speed hype, for now at virtually every turn, intel corp. executives are heaping praise on an emerging long range wireless technology known as wimax, which can blanket entire cities with high speed internet access.
4			dell	hardware	technology	hp	networking	ibm	availability	linux			dell announces new enterprise class blade servers dell has introduced its new poweredge 1855 blade servers, which it says combine enterprise class features with increased density and lower cost than traditional dell 1u rack servers to deliver an advantaged platform for data center computing.
4			business	technology	apple	innovation	macintosh	google			wsj, cnbc honor apple's jobs business focused publication, tv network, name mac maker's ceo the leader in innovation. ebay's whitman another honoree.
3			politics	news	business	nothing	circulation	growth	change	money			2 tribune papers revise circulation again he tribune company said yesterday that two of its newspapers, newsday and the spanish language daily hoy, had overstated their average circulation figures by even more than the company
4			computer	linux	blade	hardware	technology	performance	ibm	server			ibm unveils low cost blades express version of bladecenter chassis accommodates up to 14 dual processor servers but costs under $ 1,000 instead of about $ 2,800.
4			wikipedia	computer	privacy	technology	money			sco has second thoughts about groklaw alternative the sco group inc. is reconsidering its plans to launch an alternative to the web site that had been scheduled to go live this week, a company spokeswoman said yesterday.
1			election	politics	war	democracy	baghdad	iran	iraq	religion	terrorism			iraqi president backs jan. 30 elections iraq 's president, an influential sunni muslim, threw his support wednesday behind holding the jan. 30 election on time despite insurgent threats he said have paralyzed voter
2			art	paul	history	sport			controversy mishandled all around for a while, if the olympic repo men were to come looking for his gold medal, it seemed as if paul hamm would have to do the old twin spin that used to work so well back home in wisconsin. sorry, i'm his brother morgan, paul would say. paul's down at the parthenon. or maybe the plaka. no, ...
4			electronics	itunes	linux	hardware	software	music	technology	piracy	industry			study: mp3 player market to explode with the economy slowly turning up, upgrading hardware has been on businesses radar in the past 12 months as their number two priority.
4			electronics	computer	privacy	technology	car	tech	innovation	review	design	linux			fast forward live fast forward columnist rob pegoraro will be online to discuss recent reviews, including portable media centers and apple's imac g5. he'll also answer your personal tech questions.
4			application	business	technology	integration	oracle	automation	migration	globalization			artinsoft tackles database migration application migration specialist artinsoft is planning tools to smooth customers transition from oracle to microsoft corp 's sql server.
4			electronics	computer	magic	movie	art	technology	car	thing	design			at japan show, it's all gadgets great and small the ceatec exhibit rounds up everything from wall size wallpaper displays to the scopo eyepiece tv.
4			computer	business	manufacturing	technology	machine	ibm	security	industry			sale of ibm unit doesn't mean thinkpads will cease to exist this week, ibm said it is selling off most of its pc division to lenovo, china's no. 1 pc maker. the news is likely to rattle ibm customers but it may end up benefiting them long term. usa today reporter michelle kessler answers some questions many ibm customers are asking:
4			mobile	gaming	technology	nokia	smartphone	phone			tiger telematics plans business smartphone tiger telematics, the u.s. developer of the gizmondo mobile gaming console, has announcd plans to enter the smartphone market in competition with nokia, sony ericsson, palmone and rim.
4			computer	device	drive	usb	technology	storage	networking	memory	logistics	linux			hitachi drives consumer storage hitachi global storage technologies is launching a new line of 1.8 inch travelstar c4k60 hard drives. the new drives will feature high density 30gb platters and zif zero insertion force connectors for use
2			politics	baseball	basketball	soccer	sport	football	pitching	softball			in a flash, dc baseball deal is near collapse the news was stunning as it came out on wednesday morning. after two years of the city selling itself to baseball, after all that time spent on finally landing a baseball team in the district for the first
4			linux	collaboration	software	technology	enterprise	innovation	industry			enterprises warm up to open source enterprises are opening up to open source alternatives to commercial software, panelists said at the sdforum conference open source entering the mainstream, held in santa clara, calif., last week.
1			politics	election	ira	violence	democracy	ireland	terrorism	money			resolution in row between ahern paisley the row between the taoiseach, bertie ahern, and the dup over ira decommissioning appears to have been resolved. yesterday, the dup announced it was withdrawing all contact from the government after mr ahern
2			coaching	baseball	senior	retirement	basketball	recruiting	football	player	coach			orange guard edelin returns to practice syracuse point guard billy edelin returned to the team on sunday for the first time in nine months.
4			electronics	electricity	network	privacy	wireless	technology	internet	broadband	telecommunication	networking			plugging into the net, through the humble wall outlet an emerging technology known as broadband over power lines may soon provide a new channel for high speed data into homes through ordinary electrical outlets.
4			device	network	connectivity	ethernet	technology	wireless	networking	intel	linux			linksys and intel team on smart wireless solutions intel smart wireless solutions is being delivered in conjunction with intel 's new wi fi client software, intel proset wireless version 9.0, also announced today, and will work with new intel centrino mobile technology notebooks and select linksys wireless
3			revenue	sale	growth	profit	cola	competition	money			update 1: coca cola enterprises profit falls coca cola enterprises inc. said thursday its profit fell 20 percent in the third quarter, as volume was hurt by bad weather, a sluggish retail environment and a turn away from regular soft drinks.
3			company	industry	marketing	business			local search guide backed by yellow pages association, kelsey group, and sempo local search guide backed by yellow pages association, kelsey group, and sempo with local search providing online information on businesses located in a community as the catalyst, internet yellow pages and search engine companies are joining forces at a rapid rate. to provide a central resource that captures these ...
3			trading	trade	trend	economics	market	finance	future	money	industry			weekahead emerging debt trade seen thin ahead of us jobs data emerging market sovereign spreads are expected to move in narrow ranges and thin volume this week but trade is seen likely to pick up once traders assess us august jobs data to be released on friday.
2			baseball	hockey	chicago	basketball	sport	money			it 's back to business as usual former bulls guard ron harper sat courtside at gund arena on saturday night, shaking his head and laughing in disbelief at what has become of the team he helped win the last three of their six championships.
4			writing	computer	graphic	technology	thinking	information	content	talking	video			video: taking it with you easily portable video becomes real; evaluating microsoft's ui for portable media; what is thought? 149; video: taking it with you 149; gadget of the month: the portable media center 149; thinking about thinking
4			scotland	game	gaming	technology	development	strategy	innovation			gameboy mini games win prize a set of gameboy micro games is named as the most innovative game of the year at a festival in scotland.
2			baseball	hockey	soccer	athletics	sport	volleyball	basketball	football	tennis			today's schedule college field hockey: quinnipiac at northeastern, 2 p.m.; maine at fairfield, 2 p.m.; lasell at mit, 6 p.m.; virginia vs. bc at bentley college, 7 p.m.; vermont at uconn, 7 p.m.
4			ibm	dell	ethernet	hardware	networking	technology	hp	semiconductor	intel	linux			dell aims to drive down cost of high performance computing vendor offers server, switch, and host channel adapter bundle with increased i o bandwidth, processing capability, and memory. by larry greenemeier.
1			politics	governance	government	democracy	transparency	accountability	corporation	leadership	privatization			news corp. reconsiders governance issues sydney rupert murdoch 's news corp. said wednesday that it might strengthen corporate governance provisions after investors and shareholder groups said they would vote against the company 's proposed move to
4			cellular	wireless	broadband	technology	telecommunication	networking	patent	speed	phone			modem to connect with speedy cellular tech new york oct. 18, 2004 a top networking gear producer plans to offer a speedy new cellular technology that 's an alternative to dsl and cable internet access with the added advantage of being available on the road.
2			coaching	baseball	basketball	sport	winning	football	coach	playoff	win	champion			los angeles clippers the los angeles clippers are picking up the victories you have to secure if you want to contend for a postseason berth in the western conference.
2			nigeria	baseball	bear	scouting	basketball	sport	football	player			ogunleye joins bears with eye toward sacks with recorders and cameras rolling, adewale ogunleye gave the obligatory pronunciation of his name on his first day with the chicago bears.
4			computer	business	gaming	technology	microsoft	google			peoplesoft: we re not for sale if oracle quote, chart is buying, peoplesoft 's dave duffield isn 't selling at least not at these prices. the founder and new ceo of the pleasanton, calif.
3			acquisition	ceo	business	sale	management	company	ft	finance	profit	strategy			coles hits a record $ 576.5m coles myer chief john fletcher yesterday declared the company on track to reach $ 800 million in annual profit by 2006 after handing down the highest result in the company 's history, with all key divisions firing.
3			investing	technology	marketing	market	finance	pricing	competition	money			viacom will bid for marketwatch viacom said today that it expects to make a bid for marketwatch inc., according to a us securities and exchange commission filing.
4			computer	technology	company	internet	trust	advertising	google	money			google roadshows left small investors out the initial public offering of internet search engine google inc. was billed as a bonanza for millions of u.s. investors but the little guy, with check in hand, was left out of the party.
4			computer	hardware	technology	power	nec	japan	ibm	computing	linux			nec launches worlds fastest supercomputer japanese electronics giant nec corp., said it has begun selling the worlds fastest supercomputer. nec claimed its sx 8 is the most powerful vector type supercomputer, with a sustainable
1			election	politics	rating	statistics	democrat	democracy	poll			democrats signing up more new voters the democrats appear to be gaining the upper hand in the battle to sign up new voters in the all important swing states, an associated press analysis suggests. the ap analysis of the most up to date figures from across the country found that, in every state where complete data is available, the democrats have registered more new voters than republicans...
4			network	mobility	technology	telecom	broadband	infrastructure	telecommunication	networking			optus,vodafone rebut 3g rivals optus and vodafone responded yesterday to the telstra and hutchison 3g infrastructure joint venture, unveiling plans to build a 3g network of their own.
1			election	politics	democracy	voting	technology	debate	ethics			e vote recount rule in dispute officials in florida are once again up in arms over recount procedures. the latest imbroglio follows a controversial ruling on touch screen voting machines that was delivered days before a statewide primary. by jacob ogles.
4			computer	linux	microsoft	technology	apple	ibm	intel	computing	industry			ibm sits atop supercomputer list as expected, ibm took over the top slot on the top500 supercomputing list with a bluegene l system that shatters previous linpack benchmarks at 70.
4			windows	network	hardware	microsoft	technology	vs	linux			windows media center 2005 to support high def tv according to microsoft represetatives at idf last week, it 's very likely that the upcoming release of windows media center 2005 will support high defination televison signals.
4			mobile	mobility	europe	technology	telecommunication	innovation	money	phone			crunch time for europe 's mobile operators as 3g hits mainstream london : it 's crunch time for europe 's mobile telephone giants. after spending billions of euros on third generation licences, they now hope to persuade millions of customers to make the switch to the new
4			battery	computer	device	storage	power	ibm	computing	linux			ibm recalls notebook power adapters ibm nyse: ibm is recalling some 553,000 power adapters used with the company's thinkpad laptop computers sold worldwide between january 1999 and august 2000.
3			disney	business			will disney keep key partnerships? los angeles without michael eisner at the helm of walt disney, will harvey weinstein and steve jobs stay as partners? that is the question on the minds of analysts and hollywood executives after eisner, the
2			sport	football	athlete	celebrity	fame	money	popularity			woods give up number one to vijay fame is nice. fame gets you money, women and if you just so happen to be an athlete, your name in video games. thousands of professional and college athletes around the country participate in these video games
4			application	business	java	software	technology	oracle	analytics	ai	apps			oracle pushes on apps business again oracle is taking the wraps off the next generation of its database and business application products at the oracle openworld 2004 user conference this week, even as it continues its quest to buy out rival peoplesoft.
4			network	wireless	technology	internet	broadband	telecommunication	networking	email			sbc offers dsl customers $ 2 wi fi service sbc is planning to offer a wi fi service that will enable subscribers to receive high speed wireless access to the internet at 3,900 airports, hotels, restaurants and other so called hot spots across the country.
1			politics	election	justice	democracy	corruption	reform	religion	terrorism	freedom			saudi arabia's first open trial of reformers closed by judge saudi arabia's first open trial for democratic advocates was abruptly closed by the judge yesterday, a decision seen by progressive saudis as a setback to reform efforts in the kingdom.
2			baseball	rugby	soccer	sport	football			football365 's quotes of the week on the 'tackle , the penalty, gary megson on gardening, jose 's fuzzy math, keggy practicing for the bar, souney provides us with a fireside chat.
1			election	abortion	controversy	politics	democracy	china	fact	corruption	woman			constitutional court confirms yudhoyono 's victory the indonesian constitutional court has confirmed susilo bambang yudhoyono 's election victory asincumbent megawati soekarnoputri left the public guessing whether she would accept the result.
1			politics	america	job	election	gov	economics	finance	strategy	money			bush, kerry campaigns move quickly to spin jobs report the latest data on the us jobs market sparked a fierce spin effort from the campaigns of president george w. bush and challenger john kerry to highlight their views on the state of the economy.
3			product	acquisition	investing	company	finance			forstmann announces deal for img buyout firm forstmann little co. has signed a definitive agreement to acquire cleveland, ohio based img. img is being acquired from trusts established by the late mark mccormack, who founded the company, and
3			acquisition	ceo	business	privacy	technology	strategy	risk	security			q a: cybertrust ceo describes new security company 's plans betrusted holdings inc. in new york and trusecure corp. in herndon, va., are merging under an agreement announced yesterday to create a new security services company called cybertrust inc.
3			statistics	computer	business	ceo	software	technology	company	disaster	research	fear			study: companies struggle to capture business processes when software projects go bad, the results can be disastrous. every few months, a new horror story pops into the headlines like hewlett packard co.'s recent, flawed sap deployment. the company had done dozens of smooth erp enterprise resource planning migration projects, but when its latest ran into problems, the cascading disruptions contributed to hp missing its third quarter financial projections.
4			writing	electronics	computer	technology	pen	math	computing			trying to make the pen as mighty as the keyboard researchers are devising new and hopefully better ways to interact with tablet pc's and other pen based computers.
4			application	business	java	software	technology	enterprise	architecture	industry			borland titanic effort to link software with business need borland software corp. has laid out a product roadmap and strategy to better align customers application lifecycle management processes with their changing business needs, helping deliver what it called enterprise resource planning for software.
1			election	politics	beijing	taiwan	democracy	china	corruption	macau	candidate			macau 's leader wins second term macau 's leader edmund ho has won the approval of the chinese enclave 's elite to rule for a second five year term. mr ho won 296 out of 300 possible votes from the beijing approved committee of politicians and businessmen.
4			linux	blade	hardware	technology	ibm	intel	server			nec builds itanium 2 blade nec nasdaq: nipny has unveiled a blade server powered by the intel itanium 2 processor, combining 64 bit computing, infiniband capabilities and increased memory, and targeted at the high performance computing market.
3			business	investor	investment	investing	london	finance	competition	bloomberg	money	banking			report: citigroup to bid for cazenove u.s. investment bank citigroup is set to bid for uk stockbroker cazenove , challenging rivals jp morgan and lehman brothers for the city's most venerable institution, the observer reported.
2			earthquake	tsunami	sport	music	football	stadium			stadium 'to stage tsunami gig' the millennium stadium is trying to stage a 'live aid' style concert to raise more than 1m for the tsunami disaster appeal.
1			politics	election	computer	democracy	technology	greed	fraud	money			you mean we can alienate customers and throw money down a rathole? ... odd, i don 't recall registering as a republican ... : looks like the e voting machines used in tuesday 's election weren 't as problem free as their manufacturers would have us beleive.
4			electronics	battery	computer	security	software	technology	networking	computing	linux			enter your e mail: here 's my colleague denny arar 's report on palmone 's latest business oriented pda, the $ 399 tungsten t5. the t5 has a big screen 320 by 480 , scads of memory 256mb , built in bluetooth, and other features.
4			electronics	manufacturing	technology	tech	semiconductor	patent	silicon	industry			blue chips near flat, tech stocks fall u.s. blue chips closed near the unchanged mark on thursday in ultra light volume, but technology stocks slipped lower after a broker cut its growth forecast on the semiconductor industry.
4			fingerprint	technology	nokia	smartphone	phone			nokia phone adopts handwriting recognition nokia on tuesday announced it plans to start selling a new smart phone capable of handwriting recognition. the 7710 model features a touch screen, pen input, a digital camera, an internet browser, a radio, video
4			computer	intelligence	acquisition	privacy	technology	information	strategy	ai	security			in brief northrop grumman 's information technology unit, based in herndon, won a 10 year, $ 408 million contract from the army for planning and support of war fighter exercise training that the company said simulates command and control decision making under
4			network	china	technology	telecom	internet	communication	infrastructure	telecommunication	networking			built for america, sold billions of dollars worth of global telecommunications networks bought or built by united states investors now belong to chinese, indian and other non american companies that have snapped them up for a fraction of their cost.
4			pc	game	gaming	hardware	technology	microsoft	strategy	productivity	windows			date set for second longhorn conference microsoft will hold a second longhorn themed professional developers conference in september 2005, almost two years after it first detailed the successor to windows xp.
4			product	sony	philip	technology	nokia	company	manufacturer	patent	industry			lg.philips: this side up the joint venture between korea 's lg electronics and the netherlands philips nyse: phg reported an increase in year on year sales for its fiscal third quarter up 12 .
4			business	network	privacy	technology	telecommunication	networking	ibm	email			airespace wins ibm partnership for wifi service airespace, a silicon valley telecom services start up, won a partnership with international business machines corp. that will help airespace grab a piece of the growing market for wifi services, the two companies told reuters on wednesday.
2			sport	lion	food	football			vick looks sick in a bad way vs. motivated lions d they choked on their eggs. got heartburn from the orange juice. and don 't even ask about the sausage. breakfast was a tough go sunday for the detroit lions defensive players, but it had nothing to do with the food.
3			america	business	ceo	investing	greed	corporation	money	security			ge 's settles on welch perks sec gives global conglomerate a slap on the wrist for staying mum on ceo 's retirement package. washington boston reuters industrial giant general electric got a slap on the wrist from the securities and
4			science	failure	safety	computer	engineering	technology	scientist	accident	physics			back to front switches blamed for space probe crash it shouldn 't happen to a scientist: investigators have found that the $ 250m 139m genesis space probe, which crash landed in the utah desert last month, failed because the switches designed to trigger its parachute were installed backwards.
4			privacy	technology	broadband	internet	telecommunication	patent	money			sbc gives microsoft $ 400 mln internet tv deal sbc communications sbc.n will pay microsoft corp. msft.o at least $ 400 million over 10 years for technology to help sbc sell video services over its upgraded broadband lines, the companies said wednesday.
4			computer	hacking	business	software	privacy	technology	money	security			netegrity is bought, will fire a waltham maker of security software is being acquired by software behemoth computer associates in a cash deal worth almost a half billion dollars, the companies announced yesterday.
4			game	gaming	china	technology	strategy	innovation	competition	money	industry			china's online game industry could grow seven fold in two years china's online game industry could grow seven fold to become a billion dollar business within the next two years, state media cites industry insiders as saying.
2			coaching	recovery	win	basketball	sport	football	revenge	victory			the hangover effect under irish head coach tyrone willingham, notre dame has struggled to shake off the effects of a loss in the previous game. the good news is that the irish head into this week off of a win.
4			electronics	sex	privacy	technology	marketing	fashion	money			it's not exclusive, but it's lucrative: why luxe went online class has been transformed by technology and a consumer who is as well informed as she is impatient to have the latest gaud.
4			language	learning	technology	child	communication	deaf	education			deaf kids in nicaragua give birth to new language deaf children thrown together in a school in nicaragua without any type of formal instruction invented their own sign language a sophisticated system that has evolved and grown, researchers reported on friday.
2			doping	athletics	sport	athlete	ethics	cycling			athletics: ioc disciplinary commission to investigate allegations ... a disciplinary commission has been set up to investigate recent allegations of doping against marion jones, jacques rogge, the president of the international olympic committee ioc , announced today.
4			mobile	electronics	technology	smartphone	nokia	finland	phone			nokia to offer phones with 'old world' styling one of the new handsets invokes garbo, according to the finnish phone giant. another is described as sleek and sexy.
2			boxing	doping	judo	athletics	sport	athlete	paralympics	urine			olympic discus champion thrown out of games hungarian olympic discus champion robert fazekas will lose his gold medal and be expelled from the games after being caught trying to tamper with a urine sample, an international olympic committee source said tuesday.
2			politics	election	baseball	basketball	sport	race	football	williams	washington	gambling			williams faces fight more than 100 protesters denounced a proposal to build a baseball stadium, vowing that mayor anthony williams will face stiff opposition.
4			job	computer	network	technology	nokia	telecommunication	innovation	networking	email			motorola to cut 1,000 jobs zdnet 's survey of it professionals in august kept wired wireless on top for the 18th month in a row. telecommunications equipment maker motorola said tuesday that it would cut 1,000 jobs and take related
4			electronics	computer	privacy	technology	car	automation	robot	home			commonor's remote control castle the automated life used to be the exclusive realm of the rich. now home automation is coming to a subdivision near you. by tom vanderbilt from wired magazine.
4			mobile	life	mobility	technology	aging	age	money	industry			cellphone industry hits snag as it woos untapped market having equipped most adults and half of all teenagers with cellphones, the mobile phone industry is turning its attention to the last untapped demographic people over 65.
4			flash	device	ethernet	usb	technology	networking	patent	memory			amd 's spansion delivers serial flash memory manufacturer spansion said it has developed new flash memory technology supporting the serial peripheral interface communication standard.
2			coaching	sport	football	coach	god			croom, fans savor historic moment when sylvester croom met with 500 members of the mississippi state quarterback club at the starkville country club recently, he read a poem entitled: what is a coach?
4			windows	network	ethernet	privacy	technology	microsoft	networking	security	linux			microsoft, cisco partner on network access security the vendors will collaborate on their approaches to pc quarantines, but microsoft 's network access protection gets delayed by more than a year.
1			cuba	election	politics	violence	democracy	nicaragua	corruption	venezuela			nicaraguans vote in municipal elections nicaragua's leftist sandinista front sought to capitalize on the recent fracturing of a rival party during municipal elections sunday amid ongoing attempts to remove the country's president from office.
4			computer	intel	technology	apple	ibm	silicon	security	linux			chief of advanced micro targets market share gains hector ruiz, the chief executive of advanced micro devices, today laid out a plan to break what he called the monopolistic grip on the microprocessor industry by intel.
4			industry	computer	linux	movie	technology	copyright	multimedia	patent	media			hp readies tvs, media hub products hewlett packard executive promises very cool media hardware with hollywood friendly copyright protection built in.
1			politics	america	president	history	democracy	washington	god	money			scientists to flesh out george washington's appearance americans know george washington as the dour founding father with white hair and ponytail depicted on u.s. currency, but most people have little idea what the nation's first president really looked like beyond this stock image.
2			baseball	basketball	sport	football			but seriously folks then there are those weeks when nothing on the menu appeals to you, for whatever reason. maybe it's too many games between bad teams tampa bay at new orleans, arizona at san francisco or too many games that involve teams that can't seem to get out of their own way carolina, oakland, st. louis, washington come to mind , but you ...
4			electronics	security	collaboration	intel	technology	nokia	innovation	silicon	phone	linux			nokia, intel join forces on symbian phones intel and nokia will jointly develop smart phones that run on the symbian operating system, the two tech giants said on tuesday, unveiling their first major cooperative effort in cell phones.
2			baseball	statistics	hockey	sport	football	canada	toronto			fresh off wedding, canadian jason bay wins nl rookie award in ... canadian jason bay married longtime girlfriend kristen on saturday and picked up the national league rookie of the year award on monday.
1			politics	election	beijing	democracy	china	voting	corruption	referendum			no direct vote in hong kong, china tells legislators china warned hong kong legislators yesterday to forget the idea of holding a referendum on whether residents should be able to directly elect their leaders.
4			electronics	manufacturing	technology	patent	photography	imaging	industry			kodak buys national semis imaging business rochester, nyeastman kodak will acquire the imaging business of national semiconductor corp., which develops and manufactures metal oxide semiconductor image sensor devices.
4			computer	engineering	manufacturing	intel	technology	hp	ibm	ai	silicon	linux			intel acquires chip designers from hp san jose, calif. intel has reached an agreement to hire hundreds of hewlett packard engineers who helped design the itanium microprocessor.
1			politics	violence	india	corruption	trust			i will speak at an appropriate time: anil mumbai, november 25: anil ambani, the vice chairman of reliance industries ltd., said on thursday he would make a statement at an appropriate time about a controversy over differences with brother and chairman mukesh.
4			windows	computer	unix	technology	system	reliability	intel	computing	linux			dod labs get linux clusters linux networx inc. delivered two more systems to the defense department as part of the military 's technology insertion 2004 initiative to improve defense laboratories high performance computing.
4			processor	computer	chip	intel	technology	apple	hp	silicon	linux			hp jilts intel itanium intel 's biggest customer for its itanium processor is to stop building workstations built around the chip according to the online edition of the wall street journal.
4			electronics	pc	computer	linux	software	technology	pcs	playstation	sony			speedy computer chip for playstation near a long awaited microprocessor developed by ibm, sony and toshiba will go into early production next year and start appearing in video game consoles, high definition tvs and home servers in 2006, the companies said monday.
4			manufacturing	privacy	technology	litigation	copyright	innovation	patent	security	industry			micron 's legal woes, costs are escalating micron technology belongs to one of the most legally contentious industries in the world. the world 's third largest maker of electronic memory faces more than 25 class action
4			electronics	wikipedia	geek	computer	gaming	technology			expo tries to whet geek appetites new laptops, games and even google applications share the spotlight at digitallife2004, a show designed to tempt consumers to pry open their wallets. michael myser reports from new york.
4			processor	computer	chip	technology	performance	competition	innovation	memory	linux			review: amd athlon 64 fx55 amd has proved time and time again that its processors offer better performance than the competitions and better value for money too.
4			battery	device	manufacturing	chip	technology	semiconductor	manufacturer	patent	silicon	industry			global chip sales to increase 27 percent in 2004: study worldwide semiconductor revenue is forecast to reach 226 billion us dollars in 2004, a 27.4 percent increase from 2003 revenues, according to the latest quarterly update released tuesday by gartner.
2			baseball	hockey	nhl	soccer	sport	football	canada	toronto			treatment of lockout shows nhl 's problems the announcement of the national hockey league player lockout was treated as headline news in canada, running as the top story throughout the canadian media.
3			search	business	discovery	technology	marketing	google	advertising	competition			idealab chief stakes out new direction in search bill gross, the driving force behind commercial search pioneer overture services, is once again swinging for the fences in web search.
3			acquisition	ceo	business	technology	finance	strategy	security			symantec set to acquire security consultant stake security powerhouse symantec thursday unveiled plans to acquire solution provider stake in a move to expand its already swelling services business.
3			revenue	business	technology	performance	growth	earnings	industry			cisco systems q1 net up 29 net sales for the fiscal q1 rose 17.1 percent to $ 6.0 billion, the sixth straight quarter of sequential growth. directs data over the internet, said quarterly earnings rose 29 percent on stronger demand for
4			mobile	device	microsoft	technology	smartphone	nokia	finland	phone	industry			nokia: profits slump despite market share recovery october 15, 2004 4:59 pm gmt datamonitor nokia has used the formidable financial muscle it has built up as mobile handset market leader to engage in a vicious price war to build its market share.
1			election	america	president	history	politics	democracy	race	bush			president feels emboldened, not accidental, after victory president bush is reveling in winning the popular vote and feels he can no longer be considered a one term accident of history.
4			network	europe	privacy	technology	france	telecommunication	security	industry			alcatel buys conferencing software developer edial french telecommunications equipment specialist alcatel sa has acquired a u.s. manufacturer of conferencing and collaboration products, edial inc., alcatel said friday.
4			linux	software	technology	licensing	profit	finance	patent	competition	industry			cognos 2q profit rises sharply software developer cognos inc. on wednesday posted a 52 percent rise in second quarter profit, topping wall street expectations on a surge in license revenue across all of its regions, the company said.
4			windows	hardware	software	privacy	technology	microsoft	strategy	security	linux			microsoft expands windows update release microsoft corp. is starting to ramp up distribution of its massive security update for the windows xp operating system, but analysts say they still expect the company to move at a relatively slow pace to avoid widespread glitches.
3			asbestos	cancer	money	business			door open for hardie boss james hardie 's two most senior executives have agreed to stand aside after damning findings by a special inquiry into its asbestos liabilities, but chief executive peter macdonald
3			coal	australia	business	manufacturing	china	mining	company	export	industry			james hardie hit hard australia 's james hardie industries shares fell as much as 11 per cent after the company cut its full year outlook because of higher costs and possible boycotts.
4			computer	pc	business	privacy	technology	ibm	email	security	industry			ibm putting pc business up for sale international business machines corp.'s possible exit from the personal computer business would be the latest move in what amounts to a long goodbye from a field it pioneered and revolutionized.
3			statistics	store	trend	sale	marketing	retailer	growth	retail	industry			circuit city sales trail estimates circuit city stores inc. on tuesday reported a 2.9 percent gain in quarterly same store sales but its growth lagged estimates due to a calendar shift and reduced spending through august.
3			chicago	ceo	retirement	business	management	investing	ryan			aon searching for new ceo, as ryan steps down patrick ryan, a titan of the insurance industry and fixture of chicago area business and civic institutions, revealed plans to step down as chief executive of aon corp.
4			computer	healthcare	biotechnology	technology	health	ibm	cancer	computing	linux			donate your pc 's spare time to help the world ibm and officials from some of the world 's leading science, education, and philanthropic organizations tuesday launched a global grid computing project aimed at harnessing unused global computing power to help solve a variety of health issues and other
4			ibm	computer	biotechnology	technology	tech	patent	computing	industry			computer sciences gets 10 year contract technology consultant computer sciences corp. on monday said it received a 10 year, $ 1.35 billion contract to manage technology services for ascension health, one of the nation 's largest nonprofit health systems.
4			processor	dell	chip	hardware	intel	networking	semiconductor	availability	silicon	linux			exclusive: dell close to adopting amd chips dell president and ceo kevin rollins indicated that the company is actively considering including amd processors in its server roster in the foreseeable future.
4			electronics	battery	computer	software	car	technology	apple	innovation	consumer	linux			ipod is the only clear winner? while apple is cruising along, other computer outfits are frantically trying to crack the consumer electronics nut. dell dell , hewlett packard hpq and, yes, even gateway gtw are all pushing new products
3			politics	business	economics	greed	finance	strategy	innovation	competition	money			bush taps kellogg ceo gutierrez as new commerce secretary president bush search prepared monday to name his nominee to head the commerce department search , and he is expected to revamp his economic team in the near future.
4			ms	application	software	microsoft	solution	system	windows			ms, dassault form alliance paris: microsoft and dassault systemes of france have agreed to form a strategic alliance for dassault systemes product lifecycle management v5 plm and 3d design solutions.
4			device	mobility	usb	technology	storage	performance	networking	memory	space	linux			sandisk launches 8 gbyte and high speed compactflash cards sandisk increased capacities and bandwidths of its compactflash product line. the cards are now available with up to eight gbyte of space and twice the data transfer speed of the previous generation.
2			coaching	baseball	miami	florida	espn	retirement	sport	football	coach			spurrier withdraws from florida search steve spurrier is seen in this 2003 nfl season photo. spurrier removed his name from consideration thursday nov. 4, 2004 to replace ron zook as coach of the florida gators, who was fired last week after the latest in a series of embarrassing losses.
2			coaching	conditioning	trainer	rehabilitation	sport	football	exercise	workout	training			mcnair exercises, stretches with trainers tennessee quarterback steve mcnair exercised and stretched with trainers thursday, but was not able to practice with the titans because of a bruised sternum.
4			mobile	network	mobility	ethernet	connectivity	technology	nokia	broadband	wireless	networking			cingular to deliver 3g services based on umts and hsdpa cingular wireless have announced plans to begin deploying a fast high speed mobile wireless data network. the company expects to offer wireless data speeds between 400 700 kbps kilobits per second and bursts
1			election	politics	history	gov	race	immigration	governor	republican			codey takes oath for new jersey governor's post at a private ceremony, richard j. codey, the president of the state senate, was sworn in as acting governor of new jersey.
3			revenue	finance	profit	transportation	competition	money	earnings	industry			yellow roadway raises profit outlook yellow roadway corp. on tuesday raised its third quarter earnings outlook, citing higher prices for its trucking services and better cost controls.
2			baseball	nbc	espn	sport	nfl	football	fashion	tv	win	jet			jets not stylish, but look pretty enough at 4 0 as pats loom on an afternoon when the new england patriots set an nfl record with their 19th straight win, the new york jets tied a franchise mark with their fourth straight victory to open the season.
4			statistics	data	storage	technology	marketing	information	security			hitachi spruiks new storage line hitachi data systems is pushing visualisation as a key selling point of its new tagmastore line, marketing the release as masking the management complexity of multiple storage systems.
4			electricity	technology	broadband	internet	telecommunication	energy	transport	speed			regulators debate broadband by power lines light regulation will encourage this alternative form of high speed net access.
4			america	revolution	technology	marketing	innovation	money	globalization			a revolution grows up is the revolution over already? i'm talking about the internet retailing revolution, which over the past six years has changed the way much of america shops.
4			privacy	technology	innovation	patent	blackberry	google	money	silicon			rim patent suit partly upheld a u.s. appeals court upheld a patent infringement finding against blackberry e mail device maker research in motion ltd. on tuesday, but said part of an earlier court ruling was flawed and sent the case back to a lower court.
4			electronics	device	network	technology	nokia	semiconductor	networking	patent			ericsson ends bluetooth hardware development telefonaktiebolaget lm ericsson, the company that invented and heavily promoted bluetooth wireless technology, has decided to discontinue its design and development of new bluetooth systems for the semiconductor industry.
3			boeing	business	manufacturing	aviation	technology	profit	aerospace	money	industry			united technologies quarter profit rises diversified manufacturer united technologies corp. posted a rise in quarterly profit, helped by strong infrastructure demand and a recovery in its aerospace business, the company said on wednesday.
4			processor	computer	intel	technology	performance	hp	silicon	computing	linux			intel updates itanium intel corp. is adding to its current itanium 2 processor line with six new processors that the company says deliver performance increases of 15 percent for database transaction processing and up to 35 percent
1			politics	election	democracy	privacy	marketing	strategy	terrorism	tactic	advertising	ethics			negative attacks often prove effective while politicians decry negative advertising and personal attacks, the bottom line is that such tactics often work.
3			politics	success	business	sex	marketing	strategy	fashion	money	woman			fashioning a new strategy what do women want? luciano manganella, the owner of the trendy boston women's boutique jasminesola, has a pretty good idea. and now after 34 years in business, he's plotting a major expansion.
4			battery	flash	computer	device	usb	technology	storage	networking	memory			flash memory abounds in palmone's tungsten t5 total of 256mb of memory saves data when batteries die.
4			business	java	management	technology	microsoft	development	productivity	windows			cape clear boosts business processes in esb cape clear software this week is upgrading its esb with the release of cape clear 6, enabling development of business process workflows based on bpel.
4			electronics	technology	smartphone	innovation	samsung	silicon			samsung unveils new display technologies samsung electronics co., ltd. has developed a new lcd liquid crystal display technology that builds a touch screen into the display, a development that could lead to thinner and cheaper display panels for mobile phones, the company said tuesday.
1			election	politics	minister	labour	government	cabinet	corruption	resignation	blair			new cabinet meets after reshuffle the cabinet meets on thursday after a reshuffle of tony blair's top team which sees alan milburn returning.
1			election	china	mr	politics			albert cheng to be the voice of hk citizens if elected a ... by channel newsasia 's hong kong correspondent roland lim. hong kong : many eyes will be on albert cheng in the race for hong kong 's legislative council elections on september 12.
3			expansion	statistics	store	trend	sale	marketing	growth	retail	industry			circuit city growth misses estimates circuit city stores inc. on tuesday reported a 2.9 percent gain in quarterly same store sales but its growth lagged estimates due to a calendar shift and reduced spending through august.
4			graphic	collaboration	software	microsoft	technology	architecture	patent	windows			microsoft, dassault systemes in strategic alliance microsoft corp., the world's largest software maker, and france's dassault systemes have forged a global, 5 year strategic alliance to deliver dassault's 3d software to firms using the microsoft software platform.
2			coaching	baseball	hockey	basketball	sport	football	player	skating	canada			bu's bourque finds himself in select company on monday morning, when chris bourque glanced at his cellphone to see his coach was calling, he had a good idea of what jack parker was going to tell him. that day, usa hockey was informing 10 players that they had been selected to represent their country at the 10 team world junior championship later this month in grand forks, n.d.
3			business	revenue	company	growth	finance	loss	bankruptcy	competition	money			avici sees revenue shortfall, shares drop avici systems inc. , which makes equipment that directs traffic over the internet, on monday slashed its revenue outlook for the current quarter because customers have delayed network expansions, and its shares lost nearly a third of their value.
4			software	privacy	technology	litigation	copyright	patent	money	security			software vendor may cash in on contact center patents cosmocom inc., a software vendor that holds a pair of u.s. patents on ip internet protocol contact center technology, is now considering moves to defend those patents, company officials said monday.
4			collaboration	technology	standard	patent	education			rosettanet takes standards push to small firms the group, which is pushing for adoption of a universal e business language, wants to make its standards easier and cheaper to use.
4			developer	wikipedia	programming	software	technology	evolution	project	development	linux			dealing with botched software projects borland software this week stood atop its soapbox preaching the evils of software projects gone awry, with projects beset by issues such as last minute changes and differing perspectives on the potential success of development efforts.
3			buying	trend	price	sale	marketing	growth	retail	consumer	money			wal mart keeps sales view wal mart stores inc. on monday said it still expects a 2 percent to 4 percent increase in september sales at its u.s. stores open at least a year, and back to school demand picked up after a sluggish start.
1			politics	election	beijing	taiwan	democracy	china	corruption	communist	leadership			china communists end leadership meeting china's communists wrap up a key leadership meeting sunday amid speculation over whether former president jiang zemin is giving up his last major post, accelerating a handover of power to his successor, hu jintao.
4			mobile	mobility	privacy	technology	broadband	internet	service	wireless			first look: service speeds wireless info gathering pocket express makes it easier and faster to get the info you need on connected handheld.
1			politics	election	war	democracy	violence	chaos	corruption	iran	afghanistan	terrorism			opposition alleges afghan election fraud afghanistan's first direct presidential election was thrust into turmoil hours after it started saturday when all 15 candidates challenging interim leader hamid karzai said they would boycott the outcome because of potential fraud in the system designed to keep voters from casting more than one ballot. the poll also was marred by violence, as militants ambushed police escorting boxes of ballots, killing three officers in the deadliest direct assault on the landmark post taliban vote, a senior official said...
4			computer	software	privacy	microsoft	technology	patent	competition	security	linux			microsoft won 't charge more for multicore licenses software vendors have proceeded cautiously on the core question, with rivals ibm, oracle, sun, microsoft and others waiting to see how the others approach the issue, partly to learn what works and partly to have the opportunity to counter.
2			coaching	baseball	statistics	game	college	basketball	sport	football	texas	ucla			abp. williams what: miaa division 3 super bowl. where: curry college in milton. when: saturday at 10 a.m. last meeting: 1988 super bowl a 13 0 westwood win .
4			authentication	computer	privacy	technology	trusted	networking	reliability	security	linux			national semiconductor offers 'trusted' chip ibm nyse: ibm is the first personal computer maker to install national semiconductor's nyse: nsm safekeeper trusted technology, which protects security data using specially designed chips, on selected models of its pcs.
4			ibm	computer	business	microsoft	technology	company	networking	patent			ibm spices up corporate search com september 29, 2004, 12:45 pm pt. this fourth priority 's main focus has been improving or obtaining crm and erp software for the past year and a half.
2			coaching	baseball	homecoming	retirement	basketball	sport	golf	football	coach			presidents look to rule bob fisher, the legendary coach who guided rockland for more than 30 years and won a state title last season, left the bulldogs and appeared to ride off into the sunset.
4			progress	hardware	technology	evolution	innovation	patent	speed	linux			amd shows off dual core microprocessor it said it has demonstrated a working version of the technology based on its opteron chip. by darrell dunn. the shift to dual core microprocessors continues to accelerate.
4			data	intel	technology	hp	research	money	silicon	industry			intel profit up; outlook reassures market intel corp. intc.o: quote, profile, research , the world 's largest chip maker, on tuesday reported a 15 percent rise in quarterly profit on an improved personal
2			coaching	hockey	espn	basketball	recruiting	football	scoring	stats			unh topples saints former reading high star sean collins scored two goals and had an assist to lead the 10th ranked university of new hampshire past st. lawrence, 4 2, in the championship game of the unh ice breaker tournament at the whittemore center in durham, n.h.
3			trend	sale	investing	stock	growth	finance	money	earnings			another strong quarter for ebay aided by strong international growth and better than expected back to school sales, ebay reported robust third quarter earnings wednesday as profit surged 77 percent over last year.
4			computer	game	gaming	music	technology	marketing			mforma makes marvel ous deal rather than tell you, dan kranzler chooses instead to show you how he turned mforma into a worldwide publisher of video games, ringtones and other hot downloads for mobile phones.
3			thursday	statistics	revenue	business	trend	sale	marketing	pricing	fashion	industry			update 3 limited brands lifts operating profit limited brands inc. ltd.n: quote, profile, research on thursday reported higher quarterly operating profit as cost controls and strong lingerie sales offset poor results at the retailer 's express apparel stores.
4			graphic	mobility	hardware	intel	technology	performance	innovation	patent	silicon	linux			nvidia shores up development gap with intel pact under a cross licensing agreement with intel, nvidia will be able to develop its nforce platform for pentium chips. the agreement will give the graphics chip maker a boost in its race to keep
4			computer	pc	linux	technology	microsoft	hp	ibm	pcs	industry			ibm hires merrill lynch to find buyer for pc unit, person says international business machines corp., seeking to exit an industry it helped pioneer two decades ago, hired merrill lynch co.
1			election	politics	democrat	voter	republican	party			democrats signing up more new voters the democrats appear to be gaining the upper hand in the battle to sign up new voters in the all important swing states, an associated press analysis suggests. the ap analysis of the most up to date figures from across the country found that the democrats have registered more new voters than the republicans have in arizona, new mexico, nevada and new hampshire, while the gop has done better in iowa and appears to be holding its own in florida...
4			mobility	europe	technology	broadband	internet	telecommunication	speed			broadband to boom in new eu countries despite their current low rates of broadband penetration, the ten new countries that joined the eu in may are poised for rapid growth in high speed internet use, thanks
4			radio	branding	technology	evolution	innovation	competition	diversity			bbc digital radio 'must evolve' the bbc's digital radio services must remain distinctive from rivals to ensure a healthy market, a report says.
4			job	motorola	manufacturing	technology	semiconductor	innovation	patent	money	silicon	industry			motorola plans to cut 1,000 jobs motorola inc. plans to eliminate 1,000 jobs in the spinoff of its semiconductor unit, the company said tuesday in a filing with government regulators.
1			brussels	politics	controversy	election	violence	democracy	europe	terrorism	freedom			news analysis: questions arise on democracy at the eu brussels the dispute that engulfed rocco buttiglione and the 732 member european parliament last week was partly about a prospective member of europe 's executive body professing unacceptable views and the legislature rising up to censure him.
4			job	mobile	motorola	manufacturing	mobility	technology	innovation	google			motorola realigns mission motorola inc. tuesday sliced about 1,000 jobs at its schaumburg headquarters, deer park and elsewhere while posting hundreds of new jobs to strengthen its mission to produce seamless mobility products.
2			politics	baseball	game	soccer	sport	football	chargers			gm 's deal for mccardell is right move without saying so, the chargers seem to be motoring merrily and without copycat remorse along patriots way. you bring in good football players who aren 't wigged out or doped up or charter founders of their own fan clubs and let them play.
2			baseball	statistics	australia	volleyball	basketball	sport	football	brazil			puerto ricans break boomers hearts australia 's hopes of an olympic games men 's basketball quarter final berth slumped with a heart breaking 87 82 loss to puerto rico.
4			revenue	data	technology	innovation	analytics	research	competition	money	industry			xilinx expects revenue shortfall news research took its place late tuesday in a long, doleful list of chipmakers that have lowered third quarter expectations.
4			windows	computer	computing	linux	network	power	networking	security	server			amd adds power management to opteron originally offered on notebook pcs to its opteron 32 and 64 bit x86 processors for server applications. the technology will help servers to run
4			electronics	computer	television	technology	broadband	tv	pcs	windows			tv technology enters a new generation the big, bulky tube television is ready to get a leaner look and to challenge flat panels at their own game. meanwhile, tv tuners are headed to new pcs.
3			search	buying	sale	technology	marketing	shopping	advertising	pricing	consumer	competition			search online, buy offline: how to tell? many people do extensive product research online but end up buying from brick and mortar retailers. how can you track the effectiveness of search marketing campaigns that result in offline purchases?
4			security	computer	hardware	technology	evolution	power	networking	computing	linux			big mac gets an upgrade virginia tech plans to announce on tuesday that its system x now operates at 12.25 teraflops, or 12 trillion calculations per second, up from 10.
2			baseball	game	olympics	athletics	sport	football	fencing	tennis			five up for games inclusion golf, rugby union and squash have been included in a shortlist of five sports being considered for the 2012 olympics. karate and roller sports complete the list, while softball, baseball and modern pentathlon could be excluded.
4			telecom	nokia	technology	broadband	wireless	telecommunication	patent	money	industry			motorola to cut 1,000 jobs telecommunications equipment maker motorola inc. said today that it would cut 1,000 jobs and take related charges of about $ 50 million to focus on its wireless business.
4			electricity	network	ethernet	broadband	technology	telecommunication	patent	utility			rules approved for broadband over power lines cinergy has a venture with current communications to market bpl systems to municipally owned and rural cooperative utilities. their plan so far has not been slowed by regulatory uncertainty
3			bakery	business	bankruptcy	money	food			huge us bakery files chapter 11 bee staff writer. interstate bakeries corp., which operates a bakery in sacramento and recently closed another here, filed wednesday for bankruptcy reorganization.
4			electronics	computer	hardware	technology	marketing	networking	intel	security	linux			gigabyte ga 8i915p duo a not everyone is ready to do a complete switch over to the new intel lga 775 platform quite yet and perhaps for good reason. should you decided you would like to say take a peek at it without having to sell
4			electronics	nano	device	technology	innovation	semiconductor	silicon	physics			new technique to advance semiconductors in an advance that could lead to lighter spacecraft and smarter cars, researchers have developed a new technique for producing a high quality semiconductor that's much more resistant to extreme conditions than the silicon found in most of today's electronics.
1			politics	election	beijing	democracy	china	corruption	japan	strategy	money	leadership			hu becomes china 's new military leader president hu jintao 's new status as commander of china 's military should strengthen efforts to fight corruption and control a surging economy, forcing resistant lower level officials
4			learning	technology	broadband	internet	cisco	telecommunication	education			cisco ceo calls for education reform, broadband push the u.s. congress needs to invest more in the u.s. education system and do more to encourage broadband adoption, the chief executive of cisco said wednesday.
1			politics	election	statistics	government	spending	washington	finance	money	education			government spending up sharply locally federal procurement spending in the washington area rose last year at its highest rate since the 1980s, according to a study to be released today, creating tens of thousands of jobs and increasing economic growth disproportionately in northern virginia.
4			news	television	network	technology	internet	telecommunication	tv	media			tv to the rescue cell phone executives say new data oriented services such as tv will help bolster an industry in a precarious state.
4			mobile	symbol	mobility	technology	innovation	recognition	patent	ios			symbol rolls out enterprise digital assistant symbol technologies has unveiled a multi function enterprise digital assistant handheld device targeting mobile professionals requiring real time access to corporate systems while on the move.
3			business	manufacturing	network	technology	company	strategy	hr	industry			outsourcers combine to take on it services giants it services giants will come under pressure from outsourcing alliances, as companies team up to beat the big guns.
4			processor	computer	chip	hardware	intel	technology	performance	hp	silicon	linux			amd 's new budget processors amd 's new sempron range of desktop and notebook cpus is targeted squarely at intel 's competing celeron family.
2			coaching	baseball	history	volleyball	basketball	sport	recruiting	football	virginia			no. 10 va. tech wins acc championship virginia tech can now proclaim itself the atlantic coast conference's best team and no one can argue.
2			coaching	baseball	chicago	espn	michigan	basketball	sport	illinois	recruiting	football			zook to replace turner as illini head coach former florida coach ron zook will be named tuesday as illinois 22nd head football coach, sources told the associated press monday.
4			dream	electronics	computer	technology	time	machine	reality	memory	silicon	physics			blow a fuse, computer chip, and heal thyself semiconductor chips that can manage a good bit of their own upkeep are moving closer to reality.
4			computer	chip	hardware	technology	hp	apple	networking	intel	computing	linux			amd builds on athlon 64 platform with two new athlon 64 chips, amd nyse: amd continues to push industry giant intel in the battle for position in the desktop processor space. amd has launched the athlon 64 fx 55 and athlon 64 4000, with an eye on carving a bigger niche in high performance personal computing.
1			election	politics	controversy	voting	privacy	voter	money			republicans accuse moore of vote bribery republicans say filmmaker michael moore should be prosecuted for offering underwear, potato chips and ramen noodles to college students in exchange for their promise to vote...
4			analytics	trend	technology	company	growth	patent	google			google rises in market debut shares of google inc. rose 15 percent to $ 98 in the first minutes of their nasdaq stock market debut on thursday after the year's most anticipated initial public offering priced far below initial estimates.
4			industry	device	manufacturing	trend	technology	performance	semiconductor	intel	linux			analog devices lowers 4q outlook semiconductor maker analog devices inc. lowered its outlook for the fiscal fourth quarter thursday, citing weak demand in september and october.
4			science	engineering	biology	biotechnology	technology	evolution	innovation	chemistry	design			ideas stolen right from nature nature is pretty good at solving engineering problems, so designers are increasingly turning to biomimetics to improve their products and ideas. by rowan hooper.
4			taiwan	china	technology	tech	finance	innovation	money	security	industry			taiwan 's key index falls modestly taiwan 's key stock index fell modestly wednesday after the island 's top producer of made to order chips issued a gloomy outlook for the fourth quarter, indicating the technology sector could be in for tough times.
3			investor	trend	investing	marketing	finance	competition	money	earnings			krispy kreme posts big drop in net krispy kreme doughnuts stunned investors on thursday with disappointing earnings for the second consecutive quarter, sending its shares to their lowest level in more than four years.
2			coaching	baseball	espn	sport	recruiting	football	coach	usc	ucla			trojans give a quick hook to longtime coach southern cal fired henry bibby as coach monday just four games into his ninth season. athletic director mike garrett said he realized the timing was unusual but cited the trojans losing record in recent seasons.
2			game	olympic	olympics	athletics	sport	athlete	paralympics	korea	event			samsung network aims to keep olympics on track cell phones and special network let officials, reporters access info on event results, medal counts, event cancellations and the like.
3			diabetes	business	seed	bankruptcy	competition	food	industry			ibc files for bankruptcy early today financially struggling interstate bakeries corp. early today filed for chapter 11 bankruptcy reorganization in the us bankruptcy court in kansas city.
2			coaching	rating	statistics	basketball	sport	football	player	coach	nba	media			sportsview: gap between nba players, fans the nba's problems cut deeper than image, go further than the fighting in detroit, and can't be solved simply by suspensions.
2			politics	coaching	baseball	retirement	sport	recruiting	football	player	washington			notre dame sets sights on weis new england patriots offensive coordinator charlie weis may have a golden opportunity to head to the golden dome. seeking a successor to tyrone willingham
4			computer	travel	aviation	technology	internet	communication	telecommunication	networking	email			fcc mulls wireless internet access on jets when it comes to communication, commercial airline passengers go from the internet age to the stone age once a plane takes off.
2			baseball	statistics	espn	soccer	athletics	sport	football	attendance	mls			toward sensible soccer tiebreakers the columbus crew, the professional soccer team that represents columbus, ohio, didnt make it to the major league soccer championship game to be played on sunday, but the crew did compile an 18 game unbeaten streak during the regular season, best in
1			politics	violence	management	corruption	power	greed	money	security	leadership			broadman takes tougher stance negotiator for d.c. hotel workers faces crucial test of his leadership.
4			ceo	privacy	technology	microsoft	company	gate	networking	google			that 's rich: gates tops forbes list once again com september 24, 2004, 7:23 am pt. it management and web technology have been fighting neck to neck for the fifth spot for the last year.
2			baseball	basketball	sport	music	nfl	football	tv			stoppers earn save this is why the nfl doesn't need elton john, lenny kravitz, jessica simpson, or even the boston pops. there is no better show than the game, and though patriots defensive players were criticizing themselves for a poorly played game, it was two magnificent plays in the fourth quarter by eugene wilson and willie mcginest that enabled ...
2			coaching	baseball	espn	basketball	athletics	sport	recruiting	football	coach			colonials favored george washington and saint joseph's were picked to win their respective atlantic 10 divisions in a poll of men's basketball coaches and media.
4			statistics	business	network	technology	marketing	networking	analytics			netsuite debuts 10.0 netsuite has released version 10.0 of its hosted business software, which incorporates new e commerce, analytics and sales features.
2			shooting	marathon	athletics	sport	football	athlete	swimming	olympia	photography			return to olympia worth long wait olympia amid the olive trees and just past the ancient ruins, on a hillside bathed in an unrelenting mediterranean sun, 15,000 spectators from around the world converged on this little town to watch 12 men and 12 women compete in the shot put at the ...
3			america	business	technology	economics	company	terrorism	advertising	competition	money			despite travel slump, online firms flourish remember that economic downturn? 9 11? the war in iraq? spiking oil prices, and airline fuel surcharges?
4			cheating	privacy	technology	solution	fraud	payment	money	security	reliability			update 1: technical problems subside at paypal most members of the online payment service paypal should be able to log on to the web site after five days of intermittent service outages and furious repair efforts, the company said.
3			price	sale	loss	profit	retail	competition	money			sainsbury 's warn of first half profit fall troubled grocery chain j sainsbury plc, britain 's third biggest supermarket retailer, said monday it expected to announce a big drop in profits for the first half of this year.
4			software	publishing	technology	marketing	publisher	website	content	multimedia			content software targets small publishers snapbridge software brings content management to the little guys.
1			election	politics	computer	democracy	voting	privacy	fraud	ethics	security			pols, don't count on recounts the 100,000 electronic voting machines in use in tuesday's election have a big downside: candidates who dispute the results won't have a way to conduct a meaningful recount. analysis by kim zetter.
3			insurance	statistics	business	investing	marketing	shopping	strategy	finance	retail	logistics			coles eyes financial planning services coles myer chief executive john fletcher wants to expand the retail giant 's customer offering to include financial planning services.
4			hacking	networking	privacy	technology	tech	topic	security			techbits: aol security, digital archives, dual network phones ... america online inc. is packaging new features to combat viruses, spam and spyware in response to growing online security threats. subscribers will be able to get the free tools
3			politics	business	kellogg	economics	marketing	commerce	innovation	money	education			bush selects kellogg executive to head commerce department president bush announced monday the nomination of kellogg co. chairman and ceo carlos gutierrez to be secretary of commerce, calling him an experienced manager and an innovative
2			coaching	baseball	kansas	basketball	athletics	sport	recruiting	football	player	coach			kansas state guard leaves team kansas state guard dez willingham will not return to the men 's basketball team for the upcoming season.
4			electronics	computer	chip	technology	performance	networking	semiconductor	memory	silicon	computing			ibm triples transistor performance with germanium improved electron flow is the key to more powerful chips.
2			olympics	sex	sport	music	fashion	competition	woman			olympian women escape the age barrier the older the violin, the sweeter the music. and the athens olympics is proving the lyrics right as martina navratilova, merlene ottey and company are demonstrating the endurance of women with middle aged ladies defying perceptions about age and competition in nearly every sport.
2			medal	doping	olympics	judo	athletics	sport	athlete	competition	gymnastics			no decision on hamm paul hamm fights to keep his gymnastics gold medal during a hearing before the sports world's highest court monday but the panel adjourns without making a decision.
4			security	cyber	hacking	privacy	technology	terrorism	surveillance			dhs mulls shift in cyberczars power homeland security department officials are reviewing the status of their cybersecurity chief, a position now vacant following the abrupt resignation of amit yoran see gcn story.
2			boxing	baseball	basketball	swim	sport	swimmer	swimming	diving			swimming: phelps wins a classic then steps aside michael phelps, who thrilled packed crowds for a week with his record breaking feats in the pool, bowed out in true style on the penultimate evening of the athens olympic swimming competition.
2			america	baseball	history	sport	football	texas			best game in town ok, granted, we're not texas or florida, and we're not arkansas, nebraska, or alabama, either. in the grand scope of football america, what we are is quaint.
2			coaching	baseball	florida	espn	retirement	sport	recruiting	football	coach			gators may fire zook there is a report that florida will fire third year football coach ron zook this afternoon. zook replaced steve spurrier after the 2001 season.
4			cellular	privacy	technology	telecom	communication	litigation	telecommunication	patent	competition	phone			cellular firms end dispute over airwaves cellular industry arch rivals nextel communications inc. and verizon wireless reached an accord yesterday, with verizon wireless agreeing not to sue to block regulators from giving nextel control of airwaves worth billions of dollars.
1			election	indonesia	politics	democracy	voting	polling	poll	candidate	jakarta			yudhoyono confirmed as winner official results have confirmed former army general susilo bambang yudhoyono as the winner of indonesia 's first direct presidential election, while incumbent megawati sukarnoputri urged her nation thursday to wait for the official announcement
1			election	politics	result	democracy	parliament	afghanistan	party	media			sri lanka gov 't gains parliamentary majority president chandrika kumaratunga 's ruling united people 's freedom alliance coalition on friday won crucial support from an opposition party that gives it a simple parliamentary majority for the first time since winning the april election.
3			advertising	marketing			firefox meme spread firefox is certainly spreading: fans of mozilla's free, open source firefox browser make the ardent apple faithful look like a bunch of slackers. their community generated spread firefox sfx campaign, launched less than two months ago, is already one of the watershed campaigns in interactive marketing history. it's helped generate over a million downloads per day since firefox went out of beta on tuesday; registered over 25,000 volunteer marketers; encouraged about 100,000 web sites to display promotional buttons and banners; generated wall to wall coverage in the blogosphere and mainstream media; and raised a quarter of a million dollars for a full page ad in the new york times. the ...
3			brand	business	trend	sale	marketing	ft	competition			limited brands boosts 3q guidance limited brands inc. on monday raised third quarter earnings guidance and increased the purchase price in its $ 2 billion stock buyback.
2			game	gaming	sport	entertainment	strategy	fun	playstation			jak of all trades, master of fun the latest installment in this playstation 2 action series tries to be all games to all players. to its credit, jak 3 largely succeeds. by chris kohler.
4			science	electronics	recycling	computer	technology	book	kid	shopping	drug			back to school with gadgets galore back to school shopping used to be pretty low tech. you'd get pencils, a notebook with blue lined paper, some clothes, and maybe a new backpack.
2			coaching	baseball	hockey	volleyball	basketball	sport	football	canada			mercyhurst knows drill mercyhurst coach rick gotkin believes in atlantic hockey. four years ago when the metro atlantic athletic conference was born, mercyhurst was simply the cream of the crop.
3			expansion	store	trend	sale	marketing	retailer	growth	shopping	bankruptcy	retail			wal mart to open another 500 stores wal mart has shrugged off growing opposition to its dominance of the us retail market by announcing plans for another 500 stores in 2005.
4			computer	data	digital	technology	storage	ip	privacy	information	security			for $ 117m, iron mountain adds unit to store bits as well as boxes boston information management giant iron mountain inc. , a leader in the archiving and backup of business records, accelerated its push into the digital market yesterday with an agreement to buy framingham's connected corp. for $ 117 million in cash.
4			electronics	computer	democracy	secrecy	privacy	technology	machine	security			are electronic voting machines reliable? hoping to avoid the problems of dimpled ballots and hanging chads, election officials around the u.s. will rely on electronic voting machines for tomorrow's presidential vote. but are the machines secure?
3			revenue	debt	growth	profit	finance	loss	competition	industry			sun micro posts narrower quarterly loss network computer maker sun microsystems inc. on thursday posted a narrower quarterly loss as revenue rose year over year for the second consecutive quarter after three years of declines, sending shares slightly higher.
2			coaching	baseball	arizona	sport	football	softball	money	talent			arizona to get ready for wally world their hiring of former jethawks manager wally backman out of single a ahead of two finalists with significant major league managerial and coaching experience to manage their big league club is as much a risk as it is a statement.
4			hacking	technology	broadband	internet	telecommunication	terrorism			uk cyberspace has a new calling code british telephone users now have a new code prefix 056 for voip numbers with cyberspace locations. the united kingdom 's media and telecommunications regulator, ofcom, has released plans to help the take
2			coaching	baseball	basketball	soccer	sport	football	joe	quarterback	wrestling			georgia tech lineman also wrestles so far, football is working out just fine for joe anoai. he's starting at georgia tech as a sophomore. his team will likely get an invitation to its eighth straight bowl game.
4			ibm	business	microsoft	technology	patent	email	industry			ibm to buy software developer venetica international business machines corp. said thursday that it agreed to acquire charlotte, nc based venetica, a privately held developer of software for organizing and accessing business documents and media.
3			baseball	money	business	football			carter wants out of canada it 's time to resurrect my career. those were vince carter 's words to the toronto star yesterday, making public his demands to be traded.
4			device	network	technology	solution	company	patent	linux			cisco systems to acquire p cube cisco systems inc. of san jose, calif., monday acquired privately held p cube inc. of sunnyvale, calif. p cube develops service control platforms, which help service providers
2			pittsburgh	history	baseball	patriot	espn	sport	boston	nfl	football			clash of unbeatens while new england 's 20 game win streak will be forever etched in history, the prospect of the patriots adding to their record run is a subplot in sunday 's game with the new york jets.
4			product	application	business	software	technology	performance	industry			a challenge to software vendors, from one of their own earlier this year, the yankee group published the results of a customer satisfaction survey that showed that buyers of market leading erp software the integrated suites that companies use to run basic business
1			politics	business	democracy	management	transparency	corruption	globalization	governance			governance: a momentous change in islamabad ravian the challenge is clear and the opportunity is there. it is now up to our new prime minister to show that the modern corporate mind can deliver on the national public policy objectives of a poor country.
4			virus	computer	hacking	software	privacy	biotechnology	technology	security			mcafee aims to rid smbs of virus and spam if you rely on technology to run your small business, you know how easily a virus can destroy your data and potentially years of hard work.
1			politics	war	kerry	strategy	tactic	battle			take kerry's swift boat for a nonpolitical spin kuma reality games, which specializes in recreating military encounters, is making one of mr. kerry's swift boat missions the situation for a game.
3			business	economics	growth	profit	finance	accounting	money	earnings	industry			qualcomm broaches a red flag subject: accounting changes thanks to earlier reports of a strong cell phone market, it didn't surprise many analysts that qualcomm, a leading cell phone company, on friday boosted its earnings guidance.
4			security	computer	hacking	privacy	technology	terrorism	money	surveillance			cheap thrills sven jaschan, who may face five years in prison for spreading the netsky and sasser worms, is now working in it security. photo: afp.
4			email	web	privacy	technology	internet	content	networking	online			ap chief says internet represents the future of news president and ceo tom curley told the online news association conference in hollywood today it 's time for traditional media outlets to tailor their products for consumers who demand instant, personalized information.
1			election	politics	democracy	voting	people	voter	money	politician			voters checking out other sides sites are right leaning voters spending all their online time on are left leaning voters locked into the like minded talkingpointsmemo.
1			election	politics	clinton	race	poll	bush	kerry	republican			kerry and bush running neck and neck in white house race: poll as the convention time boost enjoyed by president george w. bush began to wane, he and rival john kerry were again running neck and neck less than two months ahead of the november 2 election.
2			baseball	miami	fan	sport	football	revenge	jet			jets, dolphins reflect on memorable monday night meeting fans streamed out of the meadowlands quite early the last time the new york jets and miami dolphins played on monday night. they had little reason to stay.
4			nano	cell	cellular	technology	nokia	silicon	intel			sony, toshiba and ibm prepare to reveal cell details the three partners involved in the development of the cell processor, which will power the playstation 3 along with a number of other devices, have unveiled new details about the technology behind the chip.
1			election	politics	president	israel	democracy	russia	ukraine			ukrainians choose new president in landmark poll ukrainians sunday began choosing a new president in a landmark poll offering a choice between the ex soviet state's prime minister, backed by russia, and a liberal rival seeking gradual integration with the west.
4			electronics	recycling	computer	safety	battery	printer	manufacturing	recall	technology	printing			don 't touch that printer until you read this recall notice the consumer product safety commission has recalled a total of nine different models because the printers can short circuit posing a shock hazard to users.
4			electronics	chip	intel	technology	apple	semiconductor	samsung	silicon	industry			samsung elec to invest $ 24 bln in chips by 2010 samsung electronics co. ltd., the world's largest maker of memory chips, said on monday it would invest $ 24 billion in its semiconductor business by 2010.
1			politics	election	democracy	germany	economics	religion	finance	terrorism	money	media			gains by extremist parties troubling germany woke up to fears that the political tremors sparked by state elections in saxony and brandenburg on sunday could lead to deeper division within their country and scare off investors.
1			election	politics	democracy	germany	austria	russia	religion	terrorism	party			voters lured to neo nazi parties in german elections neo nazi parties made sweeping gains in vital regional elections in germany last night to further tarnish the countrys image and plunge chancellor gerhard schrders ruling coalition party into fresh crisis.
2			doping	race	sport	nothing	money	cycling			lance is all talk hey, lance armstrong, the company that owes you $ 5 million us for winning your sixth tour de france doesn 't want to pay because of doping allegations.
1			election	politics	democrat	voting	race	poll	voter	republican			rise in gop numbers may impact elections voters in recent surveys are more frequently describing themselves as republicans, a shift that could affect november elections up and down the ticket if it continues.
3			business	investor	investing	stock	finance	wealth	gambling	money	banking			prebon three to share 70m the three owners of money broker prebon will share in a 70m windfall following the takeover of the business by collins stewart tullett, the ambitious stockbroker run by terry smith.
2			baseball	television	nbc	espn	sport	cbs	football	abc	tv			abc withdraws from bcs negotiations abc has pulled out of the television rights negotiations for the bowl championship series, a source familiar with the talks said friday.
4			mobile	connectivity	wireless	nokia	broadband	technology	video			mobile phone firms link for new high speed standard leading wireless carriers and telecoms equipment makers have agreed to develop an advanced mobile phone standard capable of sending high resolution video in an instant, japan's ntt docomo said on friday.
1			election	politics	controversy	amendment	voting	voter	change			electoral college change without amendments the electoral college has produced controversial decisions six times in the history of the united states. such election results produce calls for changes to the constitution. amending the constitution is a difficult and complicated process. only 27 amendments have passed in over 200 years. here are some changes that can be made to the system without amending the constitution.
3			business	sale	company	stock	growth	profit	competition	money	earnings	industry			reebok posts higher earnings, stock up athletic shoe and apparel maker reebok international ltd. on thursday posted better than expected quarterly earnings on an acquisition and the weak dollar, sending its shares up more than 3 percent.
2			medal	doping	olympics	basketball	sport	tennis	competition	gymnastics			hamm fights to keep olympic gold medal yet another chapter in the gold medal mess of us gymnast paul hamm was written in a courtroom monday. hamm appeared at a hearing before the court of arbitration for sport in laussane, switzerland.
3			business	ceo	investing	greed	fraud	finance	bankruptcy	money			schwab says he ll stay on as ceo to get firm back on track new york charles schwab says he is willing to stay on as ceo of the firm that bears his name as long as it takes to get the brokerage back on track.
4			telecom	technology	broadband	telecommunication	finance	patent	competition	money	industry			lucent says it may get 816m tax refund telecommunications gear maker lucent technologies inc. may receive an 816 million federal income tax refund related to its multibillion dollar losses at the height of the telecom industry slump.
4			computer	linux	network	hardware	technology	networking	security	server			sun readies first opteron blade server sun microsystems inc. next year will introduce a new line of blade servers that will bring the linux operating system and advanced micro devices inc.'s opteron processor to its netra line of telecommunications industry servers.
4			industry	dvd	technology	sony			toshiba wins hd dvd support from 4 in hollywood toshiba corp. 6502.t: quote, profile, research on monday said it had won support for the hd dvd optical disc standard from four hollywood studios, advancing
3			business	acquisition	technology	shareholder	option	merger			nextel and sprint talk about $ 70bn merger plan sprint and nextel, two of the top five us mobile phone carriers, are negotiating a merger, say people close to the proposed deal. the combined company would be worth about $ 70bn.
3			trade	healthcare	investing	stock	market	growth	finance	health	security	industry			stocks rise; healthcare sector climbs u.s. stocks rose on wednesday, a day after a sharp sell off, as value investors picked up shares in lagging sectors such as healthcare.
1			election	politics	violence	democracy	corruption	censorship	religion	afghanistan	terrorism			opposition boycotts sri lanka 's latest bid for peace sri lanka 's parliamentary opposition boycotted monday president chandrika kumaratunga 's latest initiative on the island 's faltering peace process, dimming prospects for national consensus.
4			mobile	business	mobility	connectivity	privacy	broadband	nokia	technology	wireless	networking			verizon expands service into new wireless markets verizon wireless plans next week to expand its high speed mobile data service to 11 more markets, including new york and los angeles, as well as 19 more airports. the speedier laptop connections will be marketed only to businesses while the company adds coverage and readies services and devices for a consumer oriented launch in 2005, verizon wireless said wednesday...
2			coaching	baseball	college	basketball	athletics	sport	recruiting	football	education			athletics not worth the price big time college athletic departments who assert that their teams success leads to increased alumni donations and a better applicant pool have created an arms
4			electronics	computer	device	chip	hardware	technology	semiconductor	silicon	intel			chip sales to set record this year worldwide sales of computer chips are expected to set a record this year, according to the san jose, calif. based trade group semiconductor industry association.
4			wikipedia	computer	business	technology	commerce	invention	copyright	patent			commerce one patents auctioned for $ 15.5 million about 40 patents owned by bankrupt software vendor commerce onewere auctioned for $ 15.5 million in a san francisco bankruptcy court monday.
4			nfc	technology	tracking			european supermarket chain extends rfid push european supermarket chain tesco is planning to extend its rfid rollout in time for the christmas rush. the company, which began using the tracking technology in october last year, will be introducing the
4			windows	improvement	xp	hardware	software	technology	microsoft	security	linux			microsoft sees 06 launch of longhorn windows upgrade news research on friday made official its plans to release its next windows upgrade in 2006, although the software will be missing one of its key features.
1			politics	election	democracy	voting	transparency	shareholder	candidate	corporation			raytheon board recommends annual election of directors the board of directors of raytheon wants to shorten the terms for board members. the waltham based defense contractor is asking shareholders to approve annual elections
2			boxing	baseball	australia	soccer	sport	race	football	religion	racism	media			fan slapped with fine, five year ban for racially abusing yorke a british court slapped a 1,000 pound 1,880 dollar fine and a five year football ground ban on a fan for hurling monkey chants at birmingham city striker dwight yorke.
3			trend	company	profit	finance	retail	corporation	competition	money	recession	industry			j.c. penney third quarter profit rises department store operator j.c. penney co. inc. posted higher third quarter profit on tuesday, helped by stronger sales and fewer markdowns.
2			baseball	giant	cleveland	basketball	sport	nfl	football	quarterback			giants face quarterback who broke their hearts part of the reason anybody believes in quarterback jeff garcia's ability to revive the cleveland browns stems from a game 21 long months ago.
4			privacy	technology	marketing	internet	email	im			mike wendland: instant messaging trend spreads among adults instant messaging has become a key way in which americans communicate. and detroit area residents are right up there with imers anywhere, with 58 percent of all internet users in southeastern michigan using im regularly.
3			business	investing	greed	growth	finance	profit	bankruptcy	wealth	money			redenvelope's early gift great expectations have lifted the company's shares but is it time to cash out?
3			insurance	trade	business	growth	profit	money			ameritrade's nifty november the broker's 26 jump in average daily trades was nice growth, but will it last?
1			election	politics	voting	race	polling	poll	money			poll: presidential race movement limited voters are so deadlocked on their choice for president that the campaigns will need to focus on keeping the intensity of support high and turning them out on election day, according to pollsters who conducted a bipartisan survey. the overall race between democrat john kerry and president bush, a republican, remains deadlocked...
3			share	business	trend	sale	stock	growth	industry			jo ann shares fall 10 on warnings fabric and craft retailer lowers its profit outlook for both the third quarter and full year. atlanta reuters shares of fabric and craft retailer jo ann stores inc.
4			mobile	mobility	technology	broadband	wireless	telecommunication	carrier	money	phone			how to make the right call on cell plans wireless phone service can't be purchased on price alone first, you need to decide which carrier to go with, since not all offer the same service.
2			baseball	basketball	sport	football	quarterback			young nfl qbs get rough treatment it's third and long, the game's on the line, the crowd is screaming, and the young quarterback with the pounding heart and racing thoughts gets a little unsettled as he takes his place behind the center.
4			motorola	network	mobility	ethernet	technology	broadband	wireless	telecommunication	networking	patent			update 1: motorola to acquire meshnetworks motorola inc. is acquiring meshnetworks inc., a developer of a wi fi based technology in which a person 's mobile device doubles as a network relay point that can transmit a signal between other devices.
4			technology	economics	marketing	time	innovation	money	industry			the firefox surge a sudden, measurable decline in market share in any product over the course of a few months says something, even if that product is one whose producer still holds about 90 of the market in question.
4			electronics	computer	statistics	television	technology	tv	industry			tv chip company gets $ 19 million scotland's crlo displays, which specializes in a type of lcos chip for large screen projection tvs, nabs funding.
1			politics	boxing	fighting	fighter	fight			tszyu 's big fight aim international boxing federation super lightweight champion kostya tszyu says he only wants big fights in the future. speaking after he had claimed a third round tko of american sharmba mitchell in phoenix
2			baseball	australia	basketball	sport	football			us men fall again a stake in the heart of usa mens basketball was delivered saturday by a player who was inches from doing it four years ago in sydney, australia.
4			security	computer	hacking	privacy	technology	terrorism	networking	surveillance	linux			news: telenor takes down 'massive' botnet a network of more than 10,000 zombie pcs has been dismantled after security staff at norwegian telco telenor located and shutdown its controlling server.
2			racing	olympics	athletics	sport	race	athlete	swimming	phelps	event			forget the medal count, phelps has far exceeded expectations two time us olympian tom dolan, who took back to back gold medals in the 400 im at atlanta and sydney, will analyze races for throughout the games.
3			job	employee	germany	unemployment	company	restructuring	corporation	money	industry			thyssenkrupp sells off 48,000 workers houses thyssenkrupp, the german engineering group buoyed by soaring steel prices, sold off a core element of its philanthropic past yesterday by disposing of its entire stock of company homes for employees for 2.1bn 1.45bn .
2			boxing	sport	football	baseball			kornheiser not that this is a bandwagon column, mind you, because it most emphatically is not. not after the redskins lost to the geriatric cowboys early tuesday morning, at an hour when vinny testaverde and eddie george
2			baseball	basketball	sport	football			o neal could go either way shaquille o neal wants to play in the miami heat 's season opener tonight at new jersey despite a strained left hamstring. o neal said after yesterday 's practice the hamstring felt awkward when he ran.
4			electronics	device	software	technology	nokia	siemens	hearing	deaf			siemens releases patch for series 65 phones siemens ag has received the green light from operators to offer a patch for a software defect in some of its 65 series mobile phones that could cause hearing damage, the munich based manufacturer said tuesday in a statement.
3			insurance	business	investing	economics	company	stock	finance	corporation	money	industry			stocks rebound as investors shed fears stocks rebounded tuesday, with the dow jones industrial average rising solidly above 10,000 as investors, less anxious about volatile energy prices, focused instead on good corporate news.
4			computer	chip	hardware	intel	performance	memory	silicon	linux			intels extreme step for gamers amd released two extremely powerful chips recently after intel had to back down from the plan of manufacturing a 4ghz version of their pentium 4 processor.
3			politics	business	ceo	management	finance	bankruptcy	competition	money	leadership			update 2: winn dixie forces out ceo frank lazaran supermarket giant winn dixie stores inc., struggling against competition from wal mart and other grocery chains, named a new president and chief executive officer friday, forcing out its previous leader after less than 18 months on the job.
4			business	network	technology	wireless	solution	telecommunication	strategy	networking			wireless solution illustrates success of unorthodox strategies wall street helped aether systems inc. become a wunderkind of the wireless data industry in 1999. but when its strategy to build a wireless empire collapsed, it turned to the small arlington investment bank of friedman, billings, ramsey group inc. for a solution.
4			product	linux	technology	encryption	patent	availability	security	windows			red hat buys netscape enterprise suite technologies under the terms of the agreement red hat will obtain products derived from the netscape enterprise suite, including netscape directory server and netscape certificate management system.
4			ibm	computer	technology	performance	patent	research	computing	industry			ibm to commercialize blue gene supercomputer fresh from setting a record for performance among supercomputers just a few days ago, ibm monday announced it is making a commercial version of its blue gene system available to be aimed at businesses and scientific researchers.
3			relationship	investor	investment	investing	strategy	finance	risk	competition	money			top 10 portfolio pitfalls whatever problems you encounter in your own portfolio, you re not alone. plenty of other investors trip over the same stumbling blocks.
4			electronics	engineering	manufacturing	construction	technology	automation	energy	patent	industry			honeywell to buy novar to expand in building products honeywell international inc., the world 's largest supplier of building controls and thermostats, agreed to buy novar plc of the uk for 798 million pounds $ 1.53 billion to expand in security, fire and ventilation systems.
4			developer	application	software	microsoft	standard	development	productivity	tool	windows			microsoft adds to visual studio tools line continuing to fill out its visual studio tools line, microsoft on monday is announcing visual studio 2005 standard edition, intended for developers working in small organizations.
2			statistics	cycling	doping	basketball	athletics	sport	athlete	tennis	event			sports briefs for september 28, 2004 us gymnast paul hamm planned to return to the united states on wednesday after resting in lausanne, switzerland, for a day following his 11 1 2 hour session before the court of arbitration for sport.
4			election	computer	hacking	software	privacy	technology	copyright	security	linux			e vote vendors hand over software in an effort to increase the integrity of next week 's presidential election, five voting machine makers agreed for the first time to submit their software programs to the national software reference library for safekeeping, federal officials said on
2			coaching	baseball	statistics	espn	basketball	sport	recruiting	football	coach			report: gamecocks to name spurrier new head coach tuesday the university of south carolina has scheduled a news conference for 1 p.m. est tuesday when it is expected to announce that steve spurrier will take over as the school's new head football coach.
4			grid	network	collaboration	city	technology	ibm	research	computing	linux			ibm launches public grid computing project ibm hopes to give a boost to large scale public grid computing projects with the launch of the new world community grid.
4			cable	network	ethernet	privacy	technology	broadband	networking			powerline ethernet gets the nod broadband over powerline bpl got a boost from the federal communications commission fcc last week, but even as the technology begins deployments, it 's unclear how much of a fight it will put up against dsl and cable.
4			mobile	sprint	mobility	technology	broadband	internet	carrier	money	speed			sprint begins $ 3 billion march to 3g sprint, the fourth largest us cell phone operator, has started a $ 3 billion network upgrade, with $ 1 billion earmarked for a wireless broadband service to launch soon in selected cities, a sprint executive said tuesday.
3			insurance	business	company	stock	finance	drug	money			merck stock takes big hit after recall as far as stock hits go, this ranks up there as one of the worst. merck co. lost more than $ 26.6 billion in value yesterday yes, that 's billion with ab after the pharmaceutical giant
4			electronics	chip	technology	nfc	performance	semiconductor	silicon	intel			ibm, amd work on straining silicon ibm and advanced micro devices have come up with a new way of straining silicon in a move that will allow them to make chips with better performance.
1			politics	election	democracy	cheating	voting	privacy	fraud	maryland			maryland judge rules in favor of state in e voting suit anne arundel county circuit judge joseph manck has rejected a challenge to maryland's electronic voting system.
2			drinking	sport	race	football	drug	money	cycling			not quite the devil in a blues dress when his positive dope test was confirmed, adrian mutu forgot to blame someone for spiking his drinks. odd this, because athletics, swimming and cycling have taught us that
4			privacy	technology	marketing	communication	consumer	email			aol gives voice to consumers america online quote, chart launched a consumer version of its aim voice conferencing avc system today, underscoring the company 's stated belief that instant messaging is the new doorway to communication in the office and at home.
4			privacy	technology	broadband	internet	telecommunication	email			earthlink gets into voip earthlink inc, one of the us 's largest consumer isps, said yesterday it has started offering free voice over ip calls to subscribers of its high speed service.
4			processor	mobility	hardware	performance	intel	computing	linux			intel offers few details on dual core plans intel corp.'s dual core strategy for mobile processors became a little clearer this week at the intel developer forum in san francisco, but questions remain about the company's plans for bringing dual core designs to its desktop and low end server chips.
2			cycling	athletics	race	sport	swimming	motorsport	tennis	event	racing			sports awards: holmes wins bbc sports personality of the year if it came as a surprise that kelly holmes should win two gold medals at the athens olympics, her victory in white city last night, where she became the bbc sports personality of the year, was a racing certainty.
3			product	buying	price	sale	marketing	retail	advertising	bankruptcy	consumer	money			wal mart sees lackluster november sales wal mart stores inc. , the world's largest retailer, slashed its own expectations of
2			baseball	game	olympic	olympics	basketball	sport	athlete	paralympics	cycling			olympiad ends amid shows of spirit and relief description: international olympic committee president jacques rogge calls the 2004 games, held at their historic birthplace, dream games.
4			electronics	computer	television	movie	privacy	technology	tv	money	phone			coming soon to your pocket: high definition tv phones miniature mobile phones, which already double as cameras, internet devices and music players, are poised to merge with the largest of home appliances, the television.
3			revenue	business	efficiency	technology	growth	finance	profit	money			first profit since 2000 for lucent lucent technologies inc, the nation's leading telecommunications equipment maker, recorded its first annual profit since 2000, fueled by rapid growth in its wireless telephone division, the company announced yesterday.
3			industry	business	ceo	technology	microsoft	company	finance	ibm	email	linux			software co. peoplesoft tightens ibm ties business software maker peoplesoft inc. strengthened its ties with technology giant ibm corp. on tuesday, hoping to boost its recently sagging sales as it continues to fight oracle corp.'s 7.7 billion hostile takeover bid.
3			income	housing	investment	investing	growth	finance	profit	wealth	money			toll brothers profit jumps 56 percent toll brothers inc., a us builder of luxury homes, said on wednesday third quarter profit rose 56 percent, easily beating analysts forecasts, helped by record home building revenue.
1			politics	america	war	democracy	terrorism	money			the travails of annan for kofi annan, the widely respected secretary general of the united nations un , these are no easy times. he has for some weeks now been under intense pressure from the united states congress to resign for
2			coaching	baseball	espn	basketball	athletics	sport	football	scandal	ncaa			report: ncaa to reopen osu investigation monday ncaa investigators will return to ohio state university monday to take another look at the football program after the latest round of allegations made by former players, according to the akron beacon journal.
4			business	software	technology	company	oracle	strategy	innovation	ibm			oracle sets its sights on small biz enterprise software giant oracle may be known for big plans and bold moves, but the redwood shores, california, company has realized it also has to think small.
4			computer	technology	microsoft	wireless	nokia	networking	pcs	computing	windows			microsoft rolls out wireless mice, keyboards microsoft corp. last week rolled out a slew of mice and keyboards for business users. the wireless optical desktop comfort edition includes a keyboard and mouse with enhanced ergonomic features.
2			baseball	basketball	sport	football	fame	money			the wrong person won the heisman trophy every year they bill this as the presentation of the biggest award in sports. it 's supposed to be a prestigious honor, meant to go to the best college player in the country.
4			application	recruitment	software	microsoft	marketing	immigration	recruiting	technology	migration			microsoft rolls out netware migration package microsoft is campaigning for novell netware users, again. this time microsoft is wooing netware users with a migration package that contains several incentives ranging from tools, prescriptive guidance, training
3			revenue	business	sale	technology	company	growth	finance	money	earnings			earnings alert: salesforce quarterly revenue rises plus: write downs widen directv's warner net income phone unit shores up verizon.
3			statistics	business	trend	sale	marketing	retail	money	industry			jc penney posts operating profit department store operator jc penney co. inc. jcp.n: quote, profile, research on tuesday posted a quarterly operating profit, reversing a year earlier loss, on inventory controls and strong sales of jeans, home furnishings and career ...
3			politics	business	transparency	corporate	corporation	governance			giving investors a say like cicadas, debates about corporate governance pop up periodically with a great deal of whir and buzz. in 1992, for example, the business community protested securities and exchange commission chairman richard c. breeden 's push for ...
4			hardware	intel	technology	apple	semiconductor	silicon	linux			intel scratches plans for 4 gigahertz pentium in the latest change to its product lineup, intel corp...
4			computer	linux	software	usb	technology	storage	computing	windows			seagate seeks system builder support for 100gb notebook drive ideal for barebone laptops, apparently
4			security	computer	privacy	technology	information	terrorism	innovation	surveillance			new technology increases threats new technologies will make existing information security measures obsolete over the next five years, according to analyst gartner.
4			geek	culture	technology	tech	people	innovation	idea			investors cutting the edge of cnet cnet networks nasdaq: cnet news has built a brand in the geeky world of tech products. of course, with the drop in tech spending, cnet needed to make a transition. so the company is focusing more on the digital lifestyle. just look at cultural movements such as apple's nasdaq: aapl news ipod. yes, tech can be cool and hip.
4			mobile	technology	broadband	internet	telecommunication	email			earthlink offers free voip earthlink is offering free voip calling as an incentive to sign up for its high speed internet service. the free service is available to the company 's million plus broadband customers.
2			coaching	baseball	history	basketball	sport	death	football	religion			players lose in college coaching carousel college footballs annual parade of the dead is in full march, and look whos watching from the back row again without so much as a folding chair.
1			politics	america	election	democracy	china	bush	washington	terrorism			world governments hope for policy changes from 2nd bush ... us allies alienated by president george w. bush 's first four years in power indicated wednesday they would seek from day 1 to get the new white house to listen more to outside opinion.
4			cluster	computer	linux	network	technology	networking	ibm	computing	server			new clusters emerge at supercomputing show at sc2004 show, dell and hp plan to unveil servers that can be networked into a single high performance technical computer.
4			computer	business	network	connectivity	ethernet	technology	cisco	networking	switch	security			cisco plans to accelerate new product offerings cisco systems inc. , the world's largest maker of gear for directing internet traffic, plans to offer twice as many new products this year as ever in its history, its chief executive said on wednesday.
4			trend	privacy	technology	tech	strategy	innovation	networking			future of the web is on the move at the annual gathering in cannes, france next week, gartner analyst alexander linden will identify several of the long term technology trends and innovations whose seeds were sown in the days of the tech bubble.
4			cable	privacy	technology	telecom	communication	telecommunication	email			corvis will change name to broadwing corvis corp. said yesterday it will change its name to broadwing corp., a move that reflects the columbia company's reinvention from a maker of fiber optic equipment to a provider of telecom services.
4			security	computer	hacking	network	privacy	encryption	networking	computing	linux			security's disorderly mess jon oltsik explains why a new computing security conundrum presents cios with a problem that's not given to an easy solution.
2			politics	baseball	violence	sport	football	detroit	money			a black eye for sports a week later, the tape of the fight between the indiana pacers and the detroit fans sticks with me like a bad dream. i am still stunned to watch ron artest bound over rows of courtside chairs to attack a fan
1			election	politics	history	democratic	democracy	iran	afghanistan			democracy wins in afghan election what a difference the ballot makes. the election of hamid karzai as the first popularly elected president of afghanistan is a dramatic affirmation of the power of democracy.
2			baseball	soccer	sport	football	quarterback	color			this week's picks you can't pick against a school that taught jfk how to play flag football.
4			electronics	battery	computer	car	technology	blackberry	phone			name? research in motion has announced its latest blackberry phone, aka the blackberry 7100t. the phone isnt due to ship until october and test units are just getting into reviewers hands im waiting for mine right now.
4			statistics	network	trend	sale	technology	marketing	industry			radioshack profits as wireless sales jump radioshack corp. on tuesday posted a 22 percent rise in its third quarter profit due to strong wireless sales and cost control, and reaffirmed its goal to grow 2005 earnings by as much 21 percent.
4			mobile	microsoft	technology	company	nokia	competition	phone	industry			nokia: 3q profits will beat predictions nokia said thursday its third quarter revenue and profits would be better than expected, citing an increase in mobile phone sales.
1			politics	election	violence	democracy	china	war	riot			residents say martial law imposed on chinese town after deadly ... martial law has been imposed on a town in central china after rioting between hundreds of members of the han ethnic majority and hui muslims killed at least seven people, local residents said monday.
4			computer	ethernet	privacy	technology	wireless	networking	intel	security	linux			intel drops plans for wi fi access point in grantsdale intel no longer plans to turn its latest batch of chipsets into wireless access points, citing a lack of interest from pc vendors and the proliferation of standalone access points, a company spokesman said friday.
3			revenue	growth	profit	finance	rs	competition	money			cingular raises profit outlook cingular wireless, the largest us wireless phone company, said wednesday it expects to report a profit and positive cash flow in 2005, one year earlier than planned, following its $ 41 billion purchase of at wireless services inc.
4			mobile	privacy	technology	nokia	telecommunication	phone			at uses its long past to promote its near future t may be your grandma 's phone company, but it is also trying to be the company of the future with its internet phones. even as it is getting out of the business of providing traditional phone
3			news	business	ceo	privacy	technology	greed	fraud	competition	money			eds shrugs off worries news research has survived another quarter riddled by serious glitches. following two last minute delays caused by accounting problems, the company finally reported third
4			electronics	art	digital	technology	innovation	fashion	architecture	photography	design			gadgets rule in digital household photos the nowhouse project in san francisco brings together the latest in design, construction and digital wares.
3			revenue	finance	profit	transportation	competition	money	earnings	industry			yellow roadway raises profit outlook yellow roadway corp. on tuesday raised its third quarter earnings outlook, citing higher prices for its trucking services and better cost controls.
3			politics	history	business	ceo	management	technology	power	bankruptcy	leadership			spx shakes up leadership: blystone out, johnson in the spx corp. board of directors accepted the resignation and retirement of chairman, president and ceo john blystone. the now charlotte nc based spx which for years was the sealed power corp.
4			mobile	device	network	connectivity	mobility	technology	wireless	networking			demomobile highlights service based computing at this year's demomobile 2004 conference here, the pulse of the wireless industry is registering a move toward service based computing, which is about delivering applications and data from a managed platform to a variety of secure devices.
3			administrator	manager	computer	linux	business	ceo	management	executive	leadership			novell creates new management posts novell, a new entrant into the linux market, has promoted two executives in a management change that consolidates four business units into two.
4			electronics	lcd	computer	graphic	television	technology	screen	color			are lcd screens a clear cut choice? there 's a lot to like about flat panel screens. they are lighter than the conventional cathode ray tube crt monitors, take up less desk space, look more attractive and tend to draw about half the power needed to run boxy monitors.
4			device	network	connectivity	ethernet	usb	technology	wireless	networking	intel			centrino to connect with all wi fi standards intel on thursday announced a component that 's compatible with all wi fi standards, which will let the chipmaker reach the full audience of individuals who want to wirelessly connect to local area networks.
4			electronics	computer	business	china	car	technology	ibm	money	security			ibm puts pc unit up for sale ny times international business machines corp. has put its personal computing business up for sale in a deal that could be worth as much as $ 2 billion, the new york times reported on friday.
3			price	technology	marketing	pricing	consumer	competition	money			micron rival to pay fine for price fixing micron technologies says it still does not expect to pay any fines or face criminal charges after a european competitor agreed this past week to price fixing charges.
4			mobile	battery	device	technology	smartphone	nokia	linux			palmone updates treo phone with display, battery palmone inc. plmo.o on monday unveiled a new version of its popular treo that adds a removable battery and short range wireless technology to the device, which combines a mobile phone and digital organizer.
3			income	revenue	price	profit	cost	productivity	money	efficiency	industry			whirlpool profit falls as costs rise appliance maker whirlpool corp. whr.n: quote, profile, research on wednesday said quarterly profit was about flat as it was pressured by higher raw material and oil costs.
1			politics	america	election	war	democracy	money			issue 65 news hound: this week in gaming one man and his dog, went to mow a meadow. the dog got bored, ran back home and became a journo... november is here, george bush has safely regained the rather frightening position of most powerful man on
4			technology	marketing	internet	commerce	shopping	consumer	retail	online			consumers flock to online shops e commerce is looking healthy in the uk although the exact figures are in dispute.
2			marathon	athletics	race	sport	athlete			olympics: baldini wins olympic men 's marathon marred by ... athens : stefano baldini of italy won a dramatic men 's marathon at the olympic gamesafter long time race leader vanderlei de lima of brazil was attacked by a spectator in the latter stages of the race.
2			retirement	basketball	football			nuggets proffer rodman comeback dennis rodman is thinking about a comeback, and the denver nuggets are giving him a shot. the 43 year old former nba rebounding champion briefly participated in a pickup game at the nuggets' facility earlier this week but had to cut short the workout because of an ingrown toenail. general manager kiki vandeweghe told rodman he was welcome to return once the ...
4			computer	chip	intel	technology	performance	ibm	silicon	computing	industry			ibm, amd, sony boost chip speeds by 24 chip making technique to fuel amd64, powerpc, 'cell' production
4			product	business	software	technology	system	strategy	security			symantec to wrap products in services computer security software maker symantec today plans to unveil a new strategy for offering large businesses more services along with software for managing their computer networks.
4			windows	pc	computer	software	technology	microsoft	apple	pcs	linux			microsoft selling new windows at cut rate price the software giant is selling media center, its new version of windows, to pc makers at a new, lower price, cnet has learned.
4			industry	computer	linux	manufacturing	storage	technology	performance	ibm	computing	server			new ibm server supports dual core opteron ibm corp. next week will begin shipping the second generation of its rack mounted dual processor servers based on advanced micro devices inc.'s amd opteron microprocessor. the new server, called the eserver 326, will be ibm's first product specifically designed to support the upcoming dual core opteron processors that amd is expected to ship next year.
3			travel	business	tourism	technology	marketing	car	finance	money	logistics			online travel: the race is on! booking trips on the web will only get easier, thanks to the ambitions of two business titans
2			team	basketball	volleyball	sport	scheduling	football	girl	competition			barnstable meets challenge the barnstable girls' volleyball team was looking for challenging nonleague opponents before the state tournament.
4			mobile	network	mobility	technology	broadband	internet	telecom	communication	telecommunication			at dials up voip service with cable deals at t is teaming with america's big cable tv operators to offer phone service over their broadband internet lines, marking the telecom giant's first big move since it announced plans to abandon its traditional consumer long distance business.
4			mobile	technology	smartphone	nokia	fashion	ios	phone			nokia aims handsets at the cocktail set nokia yesterday launched three new tri band phones with fashion inspired designs that have allowed the company to add a twist to the common keypad.
4			science	experiment	statistics	technology	marketing	research			brady grades plan a d his status as two time super bowl most valuable player has given tom brady the opportunity to endorse not only products but the strategies of his team. and while he may be speaking highly while being paid handsomely of various commercial items, the same can't be said of his remarks about a particular experiment taking place with ...
1			election	politics	gov	race	clinton	immigration	candidate	republican			corzine to run for governor of new jersey the announcement by jon s. corzine, whose riches helped make him a u.s. senator, was widely anticipated.
1			politics	election	democracy	terrorism	chavez	venezuela			the p word to denigrate him, the enemies of venezuelas president, hugo chavez, call him a populist, as if that were the greatest insult in the glossary of political science.
3			boeing	business	investor	china	airbus	investing	company	aerospace	industry			before the bell: boeing up on strong 3q,boosted outlook 2 new york dow jones shares of boeing co. ba rose 3 in the premarket trading session wednesday, after the aerospace and defense giant reported better than expected third
1			politics	money	football			mclaughlin has woburn fired up going out on a high note is just what woburn running back mike mclaughlin wanted to do.
4			authentication	hacking	linux	software	privacy	technology	encryption	security	windows			microsoft singapore releases windows xp sp 2, free cd available the free service pack is a major overhaul aimed at defeating a wide variety of security weaknesses that hackers have exploited. microsoft says the easiest way to obtain
2			coaching	baseball	basketball	sport	defense	football	leadership			firepower rests with bucknell holy cross coach ralph willard had his eye on kevin bettencourt three years ago, but the former peabody high star opted for bucknell. now bettencourt figures as a prominent road block for the crusaders to return to the pinnacle of the patriot league.
4			computer	chip	software	math	mathematics	silicon	intel	computing			microsoft math: multicore licensed as one chip siding with chipmakers, the software giant says it won't charge double for dual core chips when they come to market next year.
4			vegas	electronics	computer	manufacturing	gaming	hardware	technology	car	innovation	industry			ces 2005 already a sellout the 2005 consumer electronics show scheduled for early january at the las vegas convention center is already sold out, and a major expansion is planned for 2006, the organizers said.
4			electronics	computer	application	device	technology	semiconductor	samsung	industry			samsung electronics develops 8gb nand flash memory with 60nm ... samsung electronics has developed a 8gb nand flash memory adopting technologies of processing chips with circuit width of 60nm, the first of its kind in the industry.
4			processor	chip	hardware	intel	technology	semiconductor	memory	silicon			advanced micro plans to show new chip ahead of intel advanced micro devices plans to demonstrate its version of a new approach to processor design, with a chip that is expected to offer faster computing and relatively less power consumption.
3			trade	sale	consumption	loss	profit	competition	money			french retailer carrefour warns on profit carrefour, the world's no. 2 retailer, posted a weaker than expected rise in quarterly sales on tuesday and warned it would not reach annual sales and profit targets amid a sharp deterioration in its markets.
2			gaming	gamer	entertainment	game			yahoo games and gamespot partner for gaming content yahoo games and gamespot partner for gaming content yahoo games and gamespot a web source for unbiased gaming information, today announced a partnership through which gamespot's comprehensive pc and video game content offering will be provided to yahoo games users, starting in the first quarter of 2005. as video games become increasingly ...
4			computer	business	ceo	privacy	microsoft	technology	gate	ai	security			bill gates gets 4 million e mails a day microsoft chairman bill gates speaks at a meeting part of the futurshow 3004 technology fair, in milan, italy, thursday, nov. 18, 2004.
2			baseball	hockey	nhl	canadian	sport	football	player	canada	toronto			canadians fret as americans forget about lockout when nhl commissioner gary bettman announced on september 15 that the league had failed to reach a new collective bargaining agreement cba and would lock out the players it drove an icy spike through the hearts of hockey mad canadians.
4			electronics	recycling	computer	biotechnology	technology	marketing	russia	packaging			ups steps up rfid efforts the packaging and shipping company plans to upgrade readers it 's testing to the next generation, multiprotocol technology. by elena malykhina.
4			quality	sale	technology	marketing	value	fashion	jewelry	design			williams sonoma delivers value if you received a cool catalog in the mail recently, most likely it came from one of the companies under the umbrella of williams sonoma nyse: wsm .
3			business	ceo	investing	finance	money	woman			citigroup job changes may be dress rehearsal for top post in ... citigroup said yesterday that sallie l. krawcheck, the former equity analyst recruited to the bank to clean up its research department, would become its chief financial officer.
2			baseball	nascar	betting	sport	race	car	football	gambling	money	racing			licensing game means betting on a winner in souvenir trailers spread throughout homestead miami speedway, thousands of nextel cup champion t shirts and hats are sitting in boxes.
4			network	connectivity	ethernet	city	mesh	technology	wireless	internet	networking			philly plans world's largest mesh wi fi net the idea sounds good on paper: build a mesh network of wireless wi fi base stations and let users roam around an entire city instead of providing limited connectivity in a handful of hot spots. but will it work? the city of philadelphia hopes so.
4			windows	computer	software	privacy	technology	server	microsoft	security	linux			new file system has long road to windows microsoft 's long planned new file system is likely still many years away from being a part of the company 's server operating system.
3			business	option	stock	growth	finance	risk	competition	money			biopure seeks ok to boost stock sales biopure corp. is running out of money again. recent regulatory filings, including one yesterday, show the cambridge blood substitute developer seeking the financial flexibility it says it will need to keep operating after january. that's when it expects to use up the $ 7 million it raised through a stock sale in september.
4			privacy	technology	internet	communication	telecommunication	copyright	patent			eric j. sinrod the fcc has just declared that digitalvoice, an internet telephony service provided by vonage, is not subject to the patchwork of state regulations that govern telephone companies.
2			baseball	doping	basketball	sport	football	scandal	drug	tennis	money			balco defendants want steroid case dropped defendants at the center of the balco steroid scandal asked a court to drop charges against them friday, claiming misconduct by prosecutors in a case which has tarnished several top sporting names.
2			baseball	basketball	sport	boston	football	play			umass hasn't cleaned up act they're talented but inexperienced, so flawless play is a bit much to expect of the university of massachusetts minutemen at this stage of the season.
1			politics	election	democracy	germany	unemployment	austria	economics	party			fringe parties gain in german elections voters in two east german states angry over high unemployment handed a rebuke sunday to germany 's two biggest parties, giving big gains to far right and former communist groups, television projections showed.
4			device	mobility	ethernet	wireless	nokia	technology	siemens	telecommunication	networking	linux			siemens and skype combine to offer internet telephony skype 's free internet telephony software works with siemens phones via the gigaset m34 usb adapter, an open interface adapter that is plugged into the usb connection point of a users pc.
4			electronics	computer	hardware	car	technology	power	apple	speed	computing	linux			tools of the trade apple power mac g5 dual 2.5ghz when apple first launched its g5 computers, some disputed its claim to be the fastest personal computer in world. faster computers may well be on the market now, but few wield their power
1			election	politics	australia	race	parliament	immigration	religion	canada			howard sworn in for 4th term as australian pm john howard was sworn in tuesday for his fourth term as australia 's prime minister at a ceremony in the official residence of the queen 's representative, governor general michael jeffery.
4			business	privacy	microsoft	technology	company	patent	corporation	money	linux			briefly: hp to sell voltaire's infiniband switch roundup plus: pc shipments up, but revenue less so, study mobilizes corporate services outfits merge...microsoft sets holiday xbox bundle...palmsource settles digeo patent suit.
4			industry	computer	technology	oracle	intel	security	linux			falling oil prices lift blue chips blue chips in the united states recovered ground on friday as falling oil prices offset a profit warning from aluminium maker alcoa, while a tech rally was fuelled by software maker oracle corp.
4			data	hardware	technology	storage	marketing	networking	availability	security	linux			hitachi 's big box promises more than power the company unveiled its long awaited tagmastore storage system that can act as the front end manager for multiple storage systems from other vendors.
4			safety	manufacturing	price	technology	performance	money	cost	industry			update 3 delphi sees wider loss partly on materials costs delphi corp. dph.n: quote, profile, research on tuesday warned that its third quarter loss would be far wider than expected, the latest auto parts supplier to say
3			industry	manufacturing	technology	company	stock	finance	bankruptcy	dow	corporation	merger			oracle acquisition of peoplesoft leads flurry of deals us stocks closed higher monday, with the dow jones industrial average ending at its best level in more than nine months amid better than expected economic data and merger related optimism.
4			industry	manufacturing	software	technology	tech	innovation	patent	linux			emc buys danz development for less than $ 50m the company produces retrospect software, also included in maxtor 's one touch external back up disc, and has a vital hold on the small and medium sized enterprise market.
4			technology	marketing	wallace	terrorism	security			from spam king to spymaster in what could prove to be one of the great second acts in internet history, erstwhile king of spam sanford wallace takes center stage this week as exhibit a in a federal crackdown on invasive online advertising software.
1			politics	america	election	life	democracy	race	kerry	strategy	money			a focused senator, but indecisive candidate john kerry has lurched from course to course during his presidential campaign, periodically switching drivers and roadmaps and messages as he reacts to more and more information and advice.
4			mobile	electronics	battery	computer	chip	cellular	technology	telecommunication	silicon			ti profit up on cellular, tv chip sales texas instruments inc. , the largest maker of chips for cellular phones, on monday said quarterly profit rose about 26 percent on demand from handset makers even as it struggles with a nagging inventory problem.
4			software	privacy	technology	licensing	copyright	patent	license	linux			novell vows patent defense of open source software maker says it will defend customers' open source packages as vigorously as it would defend its own products.
3			insurance	business	trend	investing	company	growth	ft	money	industry			estee lauder profit up, shares down cosmetics manufacturer estee lauder cos. inc. el.n on tuesday said quarterly net income jumped 51 percent, bolstered by new product sales and an improving u.s. retail market.
2			mlb	baseball	statistics	game	espn	soccer	sport	nfl	nfc	football			electronic arts gets an exclusive nfl deal the video game maker electronic arts announced an exclusive five year deal with the national football league and its players yesterday to design games using the nfl brand, stadiums, player names and uniforms.
1			election	politics	statistics	beijing	democracy	china	voting	polling			hong kong voters expected in record numbers for legislative poll voters began casting their ballots in hong kong's legislative elections, considered a test of feeling towards the city's authoritarian rulers in beijing following a year of political strife here.
4			computer	manufacturing	technology	internet	automation	robot	industry			program lets people design 3 d objects it's the internet revolution meets the industrial revolution: a new program that lets people design 3 d objects like car parts and door knobs in metal or plastic then order them online.
1			politics	election	corruption	spending	economics	debt	finance	money	policy			brown claims victory in fight to curb eu budget gordon brown has struck a deal to derail brussels plans for a rapid expansion in the eu 's budget, wresting back control for the finance ministers of member states.
4			computer	linux	hardware	software	technology	microsoft	beta	patent	security	windows			microsoft releases new 64 bit windows preview microsoft nasdaq: msft is offering the latest iteration of its 64 bit computing platform, announcing the release of beta software for pcs and servers. the release marks the next step in the software giant's efforts to address the needs of high end customers.
4			computer	music	technology	marketing	evolution	innovation	advertising	competition			chasing apple 's dominant ipod now that the ipod and its little brother, the ipod mini, have gobbled up the overwhelming majority of the mp3 player market, what 's a competitor to do?
2			politics	baseball	sport	golf	football	horse	strategy	pirate	polo			whacky version of polo produces jumbo fun with a clash of mallets and the stomping of jumbo feet that shook the earth, the game was under way. tense commands were shouted by pith helmeted players tied firmly to their two ton mounts...
4			computer	laptop	sex	computing			laptop usage can lead to low sperm count and infertility laptop usage can lead to low sperm count and infertility laptops may be one of the most useful inventions in the world, even more useful than tivo and jiffy pop. however, a quite frightening study was released yesterday that linked laptop usage to infertility in males. the study, released by the ...
2			coaching	baseball	hockey	safety	espn	sport	football			officials hope for calm after apple cup washington state officials hope to avoid a repeat of 2002 's post apple cup melee by having more police on site and stressing good sportsmanship at the game saturday.
3			news	business	technology	marketing	competition	gun	money	security	fear			taser execs selling heavily on the news shares of taser international inc. have jumped 20 percent since early last week as the stun gun maker issued a slew of announcements painting a positive picture of its business prospects.
3			hotel	business	trade	tourism	pub	gambling	competition	beer	industry			alh shares surge on coles bid shares in australian leisure hospitality group ltd alh jumped more than nine per cent in morning trade today after retailer coles myer finally joined the bidding war for the pubs and bottleshops operator.
4			science	virus	computer	worm	technology	terrorism	security			third of americans think viruses won 't strike them about one in three americans think it 's more likely they ll be audited by the irs or win the lottery than fall victim to a virus or worm, the non profit national cyber security alliance ncsa said friday as it released the results of a september survey.
3			liberty	business	sale	technology	marketing	growth	profit	finance	corporation			liberty media reports robust 3q sales and profit growth new york, november 9 liberty media corporation has reported an eight fold increase in its third year profits, while the company 's quarterly sales more than doubled from the year ago levels.
3			pleasure	politics	government	business	greed	profit	corporation	competition	money			business, pleasure, or both? corporations and government contractors have been lubricating their relationships with the region's state officials all week in new york.
4			computer	application	java	software	technology	information	ai	windows			a better view into relationships anacubis desktop 3.0 shows the bi potential of information visualization software.
2			coaching	cycling	espn	sport	golf	skiing	competition	racing			slopes only for bloom two sport star jeremy bloom lost an appeal to an ncaa panel on tuesday to keep his college eligibility as a football player at colorado while still being allowed to receive endorsements as a professional skier.
2			coaching	baseball	injury	nbc	retirement	sport	football	coach			wannstedt quits as miami coach miami dolphins coach dave wannstedt called it quits today midway through a dismal season that began with the retirement of running back ricky williams and has left the team with the nfl 's worst record at 1 8.
4			electronics	israel	computer	business	chip	technology	allen	innovation	apple			metcalfe, allen back zigbee start up ember, a start up developing chips for zigbee, gets money from paul allen's venture fund. bob metcalfe comes aboard as chairman.
2			coaching	baseball	florida	espn	basketball	sport	recruiting	football	alabama	georgia			spurrier withdraws name from florida vacancy steve spurrier will not coach the florida gators again after he withdrew his name from consideration in the process to select a new head football coach at the university.
2			boxing	doping	athletics	sport	wrestling	weightlifting	athlete	lifting	competition			doping weighs heavily on weightlifters staged in a grand theater in the land of mythical strongmen hercules and atlas, the athens olympics were supposed to herald a rebirth for the sport of weightlifting.
4			electronics	battery	dell	computer	linux	technology	power	networking	patent	reliability			millions of dell power adapters recalled about 4.4 million ac adapters sold worldwide with dell notebooks between september 1998 and february 2002 were recalled friday. dell sold the adapters with its latitude, inspiron and precision series of computers, as well as separately.
4			computer	privacy	technology	communication	silence	drug	money	phone			cell phone talker's arrest stirs etiquette debate public chatter on mobile phones is annoying when other people use them. but how do we tackle the problem?
4			business	technology	cisco	networking	ibm	switch	security	linux			data center virtualization, systems management coming from cisco cisco executives told analysts this week that the company plans to take data center virtualization into areas such as application aware switching and will partner to provide systems management software.
2			coaching	battery	statistics	espn	basketball	sport	football	sims	stats			sims play draws raves from coach tallahassee linebacker ernie sims earned a high number of tomahawk points for his play against virginia on saturday.
1			politics	nigeria	election	ghana	result	democracy	voting	africa			ghana election draws strong turnout snaking lines of hundreds of voters built up at balloting places across ghana on tuesday, as the first sub saharan country to gain independence voted for president.
4			network	privacy	technology	broadband	internet	communication	telecommunication	networking	speed			fcc backs bells on fiber phone line sharing limits u.s. regulators on thursday said big local phone companies will not have to share new fiber optic lines built for high speed internet and other services, spurring one carrier to speed roll out plans.
2			politics	baseball	history	sport	football	money			trade paying dividends in boston every day you see a little more evidence on the side of the red sox, the team that traded a boston legend for two people most noted for their glove work.
3			brand	revenue	sale	marketing	profit	consumer	competition	money	industry			unilever and colgate issue profit warnings for rest of the year two big consumer products companies issued profit warnings, underscoring an increasingly tough competitive landscape for makers of some of the world's best known brands.
1			election	politics	argentina	democracy	race	poll	corruption	brazil	mexico			mexican election tribunal upholds wins election officials on wednesday upheld the contested mayoral victory of a millionaire dog track owner in tijuana, putting the party that ruled mexico for 71 straight years back in power in a key city along the u.s. border.
3			politics	life	relationship	business	investing	finance	money			for long term, consider bonds over cash q. i am 50 years old, employed at a good job, and have about $ 2 million of investments, of which $ 1.1 million is in cash equivalents. i have two kids, one of whom has $ 150,000 in a uniform transfers to minors account; the other has $ 15,000. i am completely lost in terms of what to do. i have always been ...
3			business	ceo	management	shareholder	bankruptcy	money			cherkasky: marsh clears its board of insiders another new policy at marsh mclennan cos. nyse: mmc news people : the insurer said yesterday that five directors all company executives are leaving its board.
1			election	politics	beijing	government	democracy	china	corruption	governance			china party chief rules out democracy chinese communist party chief hu jintao called for parliament to take a stronger watchdog role on the eve of a key leadership meeting but ruled out western style democracy
4			dell	computer	manufacturing	biotechnology	storage	technology	silicon	security	linux			inside dell's manufacturing mecca for manufacturing fanatics, a tour of dell's facility is sort of like visiting stonehenge. here's where direct fulfillment took flight.
4			processor	computer	chip	intel	technology	memory	silicon	linux			ati 's radeon xpress 200 chipset reviewed intel may be struggling a bit with its processors right now, but the company smacked one out of the park with the introduction of its 900 series chipsets.
4			computer	cat	disability	mouse	technology			mouse for the nose canadian inventor dmitry gorodnichy has devised the world 's first computer to be controlled by the nose and eyelids. the gadget could be a boon for people with disabilities who cannot use the conventional
4			electronics	battery	computer	manufacturing	healthcare	biotechnology	technology	health	industry			electronics, health care profit at tyco 's electronics unit rose more than fourfold in the quarter as revenue climbed 15 percent on higher sales volume in automotive, communications, computer and consumer electronics.
4			electricity	network	privacy	technology	wireless	internet	broadband	telecommunication			half of us web users use broadband internet connection a small majority of us internet users are connected with broadband service for the first time. 51 percent of home internet connections are broadband services in july, according to a nielsen netratings report.
4			mobile	network	mobility	broadband	technology	wireless	communication	telecommunication	patent	carrier			cingular completes acquisition of at t wireless cingular becomes the nation's largest wireless carrier.
1			politics	war	iraq	bush	strategy			cheney praises bush as decisive leader as president bush prepared to accept the republican nomination for a second term, vice president dick cheney portrayed his boss as a decisive commander in chief. he doesn't waffle, cheney said thursday...
3			income	statistics	business	revenue	sale	technology	marketing	profit	earnings	industry			earnings alert: lucent's 1st profitable year since 2000 plus: emc issues sunny net income inches higher, despite legal bill...nokia sees lower profit but strong sales.
3			business	acquisition	company	bankruptcy	corporation	competition	consolidation	merger			merger activity hits record high johnson johnson's $ 25.4 billion takeover of guidant corp. and the $ 35 billion union of sprint corp. and nextel communications inc. are leading the busiest quarter for mergers in more than four years.
3			product	electronics	business	sale	technology	marketing	korea	industry			handset sales give lge record profit lg electronics inc., korea 's second largest electronics maker, yesterday reported a 36 percent increase in its third quarter profits, beating analyst forecasts thanks to a jump in its mobile phone handset sales.
4			biotechnology	technology	copyright	invention	innovation	patent	infringement	industry			nikon to get 145 million in patent case nikon, the world 's biggest maker of equipment used to etch computer chip circuits onto silicon wafers, said on wednesday that it would get $ 87 million from its european rival asml holding to settle a patent suit dating back to 2001.
4			software	web	technology	microsoft	networking	email	linux			web services for your tivo? web services are becoming increasingly popular for linking software programs. now, microsoft and some other big companies are pitching the technology as a way to manage everything from big corporate servers to mobile phones.
4			mobile	electronics	music	technology	nokia	multimedia	linux			lg preps handheld audio, video device hard drive based multimedia player will be available later this year.
1			election	politics	democracy	voting	voter	money			the great write in vote protest that never was what if, on election day, you wrote in your presidential vote? i'm not trying to persuade you to vote for one or the other, or even for a third party. it's not a trick, my real name isn't george m. bush, and i'm not going to go to court and claim you were really voting for me. just write it in. make a statement that you vote for whom you choose and that it has nothing to do with whichever they feel like printing on the ballot.
4			computer	privacy	technology	encryption	communication	email	security			electronic data reaches pact with navy information technology company electronic data systems corp. on friday said it reached a modified agreement for a navy marine corps intranet contract, effective immediately.
2			baseball	clemson	espn	basketball	sport	football	alabama	competition			bowden bowl vi brings similar challenge to father, son though the game is two months earlier on the schedule, a near identical challenge exists for florida state as it begins preparations for saturday 's 3:30 pm game against clemson in doak campbell stadium.
4			network	privacy	technology	networking	patent	email	security	linux			citrix buys net6 server based computing firm citrix yesterday announced a deal to acquire ssl vpn vendor net6 for approximately $ 50m cash. the deal is expected to close by the end of the year.
4			industry	product	electronics	technology	ip	copyright	patent	sony			sony, samsung to share patents samsung electronics and sony corporation have signed a cross license agreement, licensing those patents, which are considered to be the basic technologies necessary for product development.
4			manufacturing	technology	growth	ft	innovation	hp	research	intel	industry			barrett sees better performance in 05 intel expects a much better performance in the first half of next year, ceo craig barrett said thursday. in october, the bellwether for the technology sector reported a 15 percent rise in third quarter earnings
2			coaching	bc	espn	basketball	sport	defense	football	vs	competition			bc eases past umass its nonconference schedule might have suggested otherwise, but the undefeated boston college men's basketball team did not reach this point of the season with an 11 0 record by taking the path of least resistance.
4			science	genetics	biotechnology	technology	research	cancer	money	funding			new calif. agency begins stem cell project californians voted by a wide margin last month to pass a landmark 3 billion initiative to fund stem cell research. that may have been the easy part.
4			battery	keyboard	computer	technology	key	phone	number			does your phone speak qwerty? today's hottest cell phones feature full keyboards.
3			business	ceo	company	ft	profit	pt			cott q3 profit falls 14, 2004 profit target lowered; makes us ... cott corp. lowered its 2004 profit target wednesday as it announced a 14 per cent drop in quarterly profits and two small us acquisitions.
1			politics	election	democracy	polling	syria	iran	iraq	candidate	afghanistan			iraq pm adamant jan. election will be held iraqi prime minister iyad allawi said sunday elections would be held on schedule in january despite a surge in violence and more than a score of hostages under threat of death from insurgents.
2			politics	baseball	hockey	sport	football	money	canada			mckenzie: i ve got a news flash for both sides we ve heard from the nhl and the nhlpa, so now let 's get a broader perspective. what we are going to see in the next little while is an increase in the rhetoric, which will get cranked up to an unbelieveable level.
4			computer	hardware	microsoft	technology	networking	ibm	computing	linux			news and trends the presidential campaign is not the only race that 's being hotly contested these days. consider the battle of titans underway as the two largest computer hardware firms in the world ibm and hp duke
2			athens	boxing	doping	olympics	athletics	sport	football	greece	athlete			greek athletes shocked by accusations greece's top two athletes, facing a state prosecutor's investigation over missed drug tests and a motorbike crash, left hospital tuesday declaring they were innocent and should be allowed to compete in the olympic games.
4			electronics	battery	computer	car	technology	apple	macintosh	windows			five star review of imac g5 awarding the imac g5 five stars, pc magazine writes, pros: simple, stunning all in one design. quiet. just one cord for power , thanks to optional bluetooth keyboard and mouse. more compact than other all in one desktops. gorgeous 20 inch screen and desktop caliber hard drive make machine more usable than a desktop replacement notebook, for the same money and space use bottom line: apple has another design coup on its hands with the apple imac g5. its clean, simple look imagine if an ipod grew into a full size, self contained pc exclaims, it 's about time they designed a computer like this. sep 21
4			america	computer	privacy	technology	microsoft	apple	money			love drm or my family starves: why steve ballmer doesn 't get it last sunday microsoft ceo steve ballmer kicked off this week 's european tour by sitting down with a small group of british journalists and dispensing pearls of wisdom, notably on the future of apple in home networking it has none, natch, says steve .
4			ibm	computer	ceo	technology	microsoft	innovation	patent	productivity			emc taps longtime ibm veteran jeffrey nick for cto position jeffrey nick, an ibm veteran who helped design the company's on demand computing initiative and led its grid computing strategy, has been named emc's new cto.
2			politics	coaching	baseball	basketball	sport	football	coach	wrestling			sports buzz fultondale high school football coach keith register is probably right when he says he doesn 't expect everyone to understand why the wildcats are forfeiting their last two games.
4			computer	unix	technology	evolution	networking	sun	silicon	security	linux			sun rolls out much awaited solaris 10 sun microsystems inc. on sunday introduced the long awaited next version of its operating system, solaris 10, which the network computer maker is betting on to help bring itself back to sustained profitability.
4			linux	engineering	java	software	solution	oracle	networking	reliability			patching still a sore spot for some oracle users members of the oracle applications user group at this week's connection point 2004 said oracle has made strides by rolling out new support tools and processes, but has more work to do to make their jobs easier.
4			technology	smartphone	rim	blackberry	silicon			rim blackberry 7100t research in motion, aka rim, and t mobile usa recently launched the latest and perhaps greatest of the gsm blackberry line of mobile phone communicators, the 7100t.
3			business	marketing	growth	profit	finance	health	drug	money	industry			walgreen profit rises 30.5 pct, shares up walgreen co. on monday posted a 30.5 percent rise in quarterly profit, boosted by sales of generic drugs and digital photo processing, sending its shares to a nearly three year high.
4			electronics	computer	manufacturing	privacy	technology	innovation	consumer	silicon	industry			digital assistants continue to lose ground shipments of personal digital assistants declined for the third consecutive quarter as large vendors continued ceding the depressed market to smaller electronics makers, the research firm idc said wednesday.
4			computer	storage	technology	nec	japan	ibm	memory	intel	computing			elpida makes solid debut on tse shares of elpida memory inc., a chipmaking joint venture between japanese electronics giants hitachi ltd. and nec corp.
4			science	electronics	computer	technology	telecommunication	research	phone			researchers develop 3 d phone technology it's an idea that was popularized by princess leia's plea for help in star wars: sending a 3 d hologram. now, two japanese scientists have developed technology they hope will one day turn the humble telephone booth into a high tech chamber for beaming holographic images.
4			electronics	computer	hacking	chip	biotechnology	technology	privacy	fraud	cancer	security			fda approves use of chip in patients medical milestone or privacy invasion? a tiny computer chip approved wednesday for implantation in a patient's arm can speed vital information about a patient's medical history to doctors and hospitals. but critics warn that it could open new ways to imperil the confidentiality of medical records.
3			trading	trade	investor	investing	market	stock	loss	knight	security			before the bell: knight falls, too rises knight trading group inc. nite shares fell more than 6 percent before the bell on wednesday after the nasdaq stock trader warned of a quarterly loss because of weak stock trading volume.
4			product	business	network	technology	marketing	partnership			expands call center support hosted crm customer relationship management evangelist inc. began a new branding campaign this week to draw attention to its customer service support functionality, launching a new web site at and announcing a batch of partnerships with top call center infrastructure vendors.
4			electronics	computer	printer	technology	marketing	machine	printing			sun trying something new ... like giving away an operating system sun microsystems is trying a new marketing strategy ... giving away its new solaris 10 operating system for free! hewlett packard sells a printer at a low price and makes a lot of money on printer cartridges.
3			housing	business	sale	car	finance	fashion	home	retail	industry			toll rings homebuilders bell homebuilders strode upstairs tuesday after toll brothers tol:nyse news research reported record fourth quarter sales, citing strong demand from affluent buyers.
4			mobile	privacy	broadband	technology	internet	telecommunication	money	phone	number			sunrocket fires off new low for net phone rates two former mci honchos to introduce unlimited domestic calling to any number, plus some international dialing, for about $ 16 a month.
1			politics	election	governance	democracy	transparency	sec	finance	privatization			sec to propose tigher exchange governance the securities and exchange commission will propose soon a plan to tighten governance at the nation 's stock exchanges to ensure they are serving the public interest, sec chairman william donaldson said friday.
4			electronics	computer	privacy	storage	technology	networking	phone	linux			samsung cell phones to get tiny hard drive samsung's new sph v5400 mobile phone sports a built in 1 inch, 1.5 gigabyte hard disk that can store about 15 times more data than conventional handsets, samsung said.
4			mobile	electronics	television	mobility	technology	tv	media			tv project aims to kick start 3g high quality, affordable tv on mobiles could be just what 3g operators are looking for, say researchers.
4			business	technology	tech	strategy	saturn	titan	security	industry			titan posts slightly higher profit titan corp. , which provides technology and translating services to the u.s. military, on wednesday reported a slightly higher quarterly profit.
4			usa	computer	technology	nasa	research	ai	computing	linux			us is warned on supercomputer funds san francisco a panel of leading computer scientists has warned in a report that unless the federal government significantly increases support for advanced research on supercomputing, the united states will be unable to retain its lead on that
2			coaching	statistics	espn	basketball	sport	football	scoring	final	stats	toronto			raptors down blazers, improve to 3 0 vince carter had 25 points, including a go ahead 3 pointer with 4.8 seconds left, to help the toronto raptors improve to 3 0 with a 101 97 victory over the portland trail blazers on sunday. carter scored nine points in the final 4:28, including the fadeaway 3 pointer that gave toronto the lead for good.
4			taiwan	china	technology	communication	telecommunication	competition	industry			tcl communication aims higher after lacklustre debut china 's tcl communication technology holdings ltd, whose shares made a lacklustre trading debut in hong kong on monday, said it aimed to be the world 's number five mobile phone maker by 2007.
2			coaching	sport	bus	football	coach	transportation			bus reaches century mark again in staley 's absence pittsburgh steelers running back duce staley missed his fourth straight game sunday with a bruised hamstring, but jerome the bus bettis ran for 100 yards and a score in pittsburgh 's 16 7 victory over washington.
4			virus	hacking	network	privacy	technology	vulnerability	encryption	worm	networking	security			cisco, microsoft pledge security interoperability the companies plan to share security features to help customers protect their networks from worms and viruses.
4			virus	computer	hacking	software	privacy	technology	encryption	fraud	security			how to smash a home computer users are finding lots of inventive ways to lose precious files, say data recovery experts.
4			electronics	computer	hacking	chip	technology	intel	security			the disco ball of failed hopes and other tales from inside intel the legendary chipmaker has cancelled a succession of high profile projects, replaced managers and fallen behind a key competitor.
4			hacking	privacy	technology	vulnerability	networking	email	security			security: end users are your first line of defense computerworld au: respondents to the 2004 ernst young global information security survey cited lack of security awareness by end users as the top barrier to achieving the required level of security.
4			network	trend	detail	technology	broadband	internet			study shows dsl leading in broadband growth broadband digital subscriber line dsl led a global boom in broadband internet access over the 12 months ended june 30, growing to about 78 million total subscribers as users of all broadband services surpassed 123 million, the dsl forum announced wednesday.
4			science	computer	alien	technology	evolution	robot	ai			ghost in the shell sac for the last few days i've been addicted to ghost in the shell stand alone complex . i'm not a huge anime fan as everything i've ran across in the past seems to target 15 year old girls. sac is clearly different and can stand alongside the matrix and any other major science fiction released in the last 10 years. sac is set in the year 2030 obviously there's been a great deal of technological achievement since 2004 including ubiquitous internet, ai, and cybernetic enhancements. the main characters in the story all have cybernetic modifications ranging from a few implants all the way up to entire body replacement. the protagonist, major motoko kusanagi, is almost entirely cybernetic, ...
3			business	revenue	sale	growth	profit	finance	rs	money			kmart posts profit; cash pile grows kmart holding corp. kmrt.o on monday reported its third consecutive quarterly profit despite slumping sales as it cut jobs and reduced advertising and discounts, boosting its cash pile to $ 2.6 billion.
4			trend	technology	economics	internet	growth	time	competition	speed	industry			u.s. broadband growth slows analyst u.s. telephone and cable companiessaw the growth of high speed internet services slow in thesecond quarter to the lowest rate in a year, an industryresearch firm said on tuesday. p
4			connectivity	ethernet	technology	broadband	cisco	telecommunication	networking	switch	security			cisco notches new net phone deal bank of america signs a deal to deploy 180,000 cisco ip telephones nationwide over the next three years.
2			baseball	hockey	soccer	athletics	sport	basketball	golf	football	tennis			today's schedule college field hockey: providence at uri, 3:30 p.m.; elms at becker, 4 p.m.; union at middlebury, 4 p.m.; bates at husson, 5 p.m.; northeastern at harvard, 7 p.m.; uconn at bc, 7 p.m.; dartmouth at unh, 7 p.m.; quinnipiac at yale, 7 p.m.
4			industry	hacking	software	microsoft	technology	patent	security	linux			cisco to buy p cube for about $ 200 million cisco systems inc. csco.o: quote, profile, research , the world 's largest maker of equipment to direct traffic on the internet, on monday said it will buy privately held software developer
1			election	politics	government	revolution	democracy	china	corruption	politician			myanmar junta says talks to resume in jan coming after last week 's purge of prime minister khin nyunt cast doubts over the process. seven step roadmap to democracy unveiled by the ousted prime minister last year.
3			product	business	ceo	acquisition	sale	marketing	company	stock	money			albertsons 3q profit up 21 grocer says sales rose 15, helped by acquisitions, puts full year earnings at low end of forecast. new york reuters albertsons inc.
3			mobile	business	million	technology	growth	carrier	competition	money			sprint nextel merger widens gap to mobile 's have nots now that wireless is officially a land of giants, what happens to all the lilliputians? with sprint and nextel announcing their merger wednesday $ 35 billion deal
4			mobile	business	network	technology	enterprise	networking	analytics	industry			operators wake up to mobile enterprise needs analysis starmap points the way forward
4			product	automotive	arm	manufacturing	technology	car	bankruptcy	one	industry			arvinmeritor to sell some operations arvinmeritor inc. nyse: arm , a troy, mich. based auto parts manufacturer, announced thursday that it plans to divest its interest in two businesses.
4			art	technology	marketing	copyright	finance	advertising	industry			investor group aims to halt buyout by art technology art technology group's plan to acquire a seattle software firm has come under fire from a group of investors who have launched a proxy fight to halt the deal.
4			computer	data	storage	technology	networking	ibm	silicon	linux			toshiba to make 80gb 1.8 inch drives toshiba corp. is close to commercializing a new data storage technology that could significantly increase the capacity of hard disk drives, it said tuesday.
2			politics	baseball	basketball	sport	football	softball			mayor 's presence rewarded dc mayor anthony a. williams postponed an out of town trip, cleared his schedule and sat through nearly four hours of fractious debate yesterday over his plan to bring baseball back to the nation 's capital.
2			coaching	success	retirement	basketball	sport	recruiting	football	coach	win			wake forest hopes to bounce back like most of his peers, wake forest coach skip prosser wants more than victories from his early schedule.
4			electronics	dell	device	gaming	mobility	hardware	technology	hp	linux			dell adds vga screen to new axim pocket pc 's dell unveiled three new axim handheld computers that combine the latest pda technology in a dual slot design. as part of the redesign of their pocket pcs, dell added a vga screen 640x480 to the top of the line axim x50v.
4			industry	electronics	pc	dell	computer	manufacturing	price	technology	pcs	linux			component prices play key role in dell earnings falling cost of pc parts gives computer maker's third quarter a boost.
4			mobile	technology	smartphone	nokia	innovation	competition	phone	number			forty phones fuel nokia 's strategy for 2005 com. in an attempt to stay in front of increasingly vigorous competition, mobile phone maker nokia corp. said it will employ a variety of strategies next year in introducing 40 different handset models.
1			politics	america	democracy	terrorism	american	money	fear			the way it is today isn 't how it was and that 's the way it is, walter cronkite, the venerable anchorman of cbs news, used to say. here 's the way it is now: americans don 't take the news on trust.
4			electricity	privacy	technology	bandwidth	internet	broadband	telecommunication			fcc: broadband usage on the rise the number of broadband internet subscribers in the us has tripled since 2001, according to a new report from the federal communications commission.
4			electronics	radio	computer	battery	television	movie	technology	tv	phone			ti chip brings tv direct to the handset thanks to a new chip texas instruments inc. is developing, your favorite tv show someday will come to the cell phone nearest to you.
4			collaboration	software	technology	finance	patent	google	security	linux			venture firms warm up to open source, but questions remain when matrix partners gave 10 million to open source software maker jboss group last february, some wondered whether the venture capital investors had lost their minds.
2			coaching	baseball	statistics	retirement	basketball	sport	football	coach			spurrier to take over gamecocks lou holtz told his south carolina staff and players thursday that he is retiring after this season, clearing the way for steve spurrier to take over as the gamecocks head coach and complete the handoff between two of college football 's
3			business	technology	company	finance	profit	bankruptcy	corporation	money	industry			tyco turns corner over year ago period industrial conglomerate tyco international ltd. swung to a fiscal fourth quarter profit on a double digit jump in sales and on lower one time charges compared with the year ago quarter.
3			business	china	technology	company	bankruptcy	corporation	security	industry			peoplesoft shareholders support oracle takeover ongoing battle between rival software makers enters new stage. board has vowed to continue resistance. by michael liedtke. san francisco more than 60 percent of peoplesoft inc.
2			baseball	history	espn	volleyball	athletics	sport	basketball	football	scheduling	georgia			georgia state joining caa a year early georgia state will join the colonial athletic association next summer, a year earlier than first announced. in may, the school said it would leave the atlantic sun conference in 2006. now, the move to the caa has been pushed up to july 1, 2005.
3			share	investor	investing	shareholder	company	finance	bankruptcy	privatization			enel: siniscalco, shareholders were our priority rome, oct 23rd finance minister domenico siniscalco has expressed satisfaction with the successful placement of the third part of enel shares, the so called enel 3 operation .
4			network	connectivity	ethernet	technology	cisco	networking	ibm	availability	security			cisco pays $ 16m to acquire network management firm cisco systems is acquiring a california based network management appliance developer for approximately $ 16 million in cash.
1			politics	controversy	history	football	scandal	rumor	money			bcs rankings still rankling it didn't take long. first poll, first controversy. or at least mini controversy. if you had taken the wisdom of the two human polls, the first bowl championship series rankings that were released yesterday should have been a no brainer.
4			computer	linux	device	java	hardware	technology	power	key	windows			cherry readies linux keyboard $ 50 device will feature hot keys designed for the alternative operating system.
3			share	ceo	india	shareholder	company	finance	money	privatization			vodafone to hand back more cash vodafone chief executive arun sarin today promised to return more cash to shareholders in the form of bigger dividends or share buybacks.
4			developer	hacking	download	software	privacy	technology	piracy	downloads			adware are downloads safe? are downloads safe? developers offering downloads are paying the price for the malformed truths that have been put forth regarding downloads. while not a political campaign the smears are ever present in the adware arena. years ago developers saw they could monetize freeware that was becoming expensive to host. developers ...
3			industry	business	detail	technology	telecommunication	money	merger			us mobile giants in merger talks us mobile operators sprint and nextel are in talks about a $ 70bn merger 36bn according to newspaper reports. the deal would create the country 's third biggest mobile operator which would have 38.5 million
3			job	employee	ceo	revenue	microsoft	finance	corporation	accounting	money			top microsoft executives get raises the world's richest man got a raise last year. microsoft corp.'s chairman and chief software architect, bill gates, earned 901,667 in microsoft's 2004 fiscal year, up 4.4 percent from a year ago.
2			politics	baseball	scouting	basketball	athletics	sport	football	wrestling			high schools address sportsmanship in wake of pacers brawl indianapolis some high school athletic administrators are saying that sportsmanship took a beating in the indiana pacers brawl with rowdy fans in detroit.
4			science	battery	electronics	life	technology	cancer			canadian born scientist who invented small, long lasting batteries ... the man who invented the small, long lasting alkaline batteries that power walkmans, gameboys and other portable devices has died.
2			coaching	baseball	olympics	volleyball	basketball	sport	football	tennis	competition	woman			basketball: u.s., russia set for semifinal showdown the unbeaten u.s. women's basketball team cruised to another victory wednesday, pummeling greece 102 72 to advance to the olympic semi finals.
2			baseball	espn	basketball	athletics	sport	boston	football	princeton	harvard			harvard claims spot in 1 aa poll harvard makes its first appearance in this season's sports network division 1 aa football poll at no. 22 following an impressive 41 14 victory over northeastern saturday.
1			politics	election	violence	democracy	china	war	warfare	conflict	terrorism	strategy			hostile takeover the battle moves to the political arena as taipei and beijing wrap up their wargames
3			job	employee	ceo	buying	retailer	corporation	consumer	retail	merger			employees, consumers mostly upbeat many kmart and sears employees in metropolitan indianapolis strolled into their jobs wednesday morning unaware that their companies planned to tie the knot in an $ 11 billion merger.
4			computer	business	network	privacy	technology	internet	migration	networking	fear			web services with the internet revolution now a decade old, fear no longer grips companies contemplating moving their systems to the web. more companies are turning to so called web services these days to help migrate
3			windows	employee	business	microsoft	company	enterprise	industry			microsoft delays sp2 auto update for enterprises although monday was to be the day when microsoft began pushing windows xp service pack 2 sp2 to enterprises, it changed its mind at the last minute and delayed the automatic updating for more than a week.
4			technology	marketing	google	strategy	advertising	optimization	competition	money			googling myself to sleep how some companies neglect simple marketing rules in search engine optimization.
4			network	china	europe	mobility	wireless	broadband	technology	capacity	telecommunication			vodafone steps up its us capacity vodafone has sharply increased its capacity in the united states after its joint venture in america, verizon wireless, struck a $ 3bn 1.
3			inflation	economics	company	growth	profit	oil	corporation	competition	money	industry			crude oil price drop buoys sentiment the nikkei average finished the morning just under the key 11,000 mark after breaking that level earlier monday following us gains as the pullback in oil prices eased concerns about corporate profits.
2			england	soccer	sport	football	footballer	cricket	liverpool	cancer			dashing former england midfielder weller dies former england international midfielder keith weller has died aged 58 after a long battle with cancer.
4			mobile	device	wireless	microsoft	technology	smartphone	nokia	phone			nokia mobiles to be sd card capable nokia is adding secure digital sd memory card capabilities to its range of mobile phones. it already uses multimediacards mmc to add in games and third party software on its phones.
4			electronics	compatibility	connectivity	ethernet	hardware	wireless	technology	networking	reliability			enter your e mail: the folks at the wi fi alliance the trade group that certifies wi fi products from different vendors for compatibility called today to share their thoughts about a coming wave of products promising superior performance to today 's fastest 802.
2			coaching	baseball	nbc	espn	basketball	sport	recruiting	football	usc			big deal in raleigh espn's college gameday crew will set up camp in raleigh, n.c., for the first time saturday as a backdrop to the north carolina state miami game.
2			australia	doping	athletics	sport	athlete	age	drug	cycling			young banned for life after 2nd doping violation united states sprinter jerome young was banned for life by the us anti doping agency yesterday following his second positive test for an illegal steroid in a case that could affect a us relay team 's gold medal from sydney.
3			politics	business	washington	money	security			for merck chief, credibility at the capitol something finally went right yesterday for raymond v. gilmartin, the embattled chairman and chief executive of merck company.
3			business	ceo	management	executive	greed	profit	corporation	money			aol 's true believers wall street is down on aol time warner and worried about its moguls. yet deeper in the ranks, a cadre of executives is working hard to bring the troubled colossus to life.
3			business	investing	company	growth	finance	bankruptcy	corporation	money	industry			national city 's 3q profit soars 72 percent national city corp. on thursday said third quarter profit rose 72 percent as the financial holding company benefited from its corporate and consumer businesses and recent acquisitions.
3			product	australia	share	china	price	marketing	shareholder	company	competition			natfoods steps up defence stepping up its takeover defense from predator new zealand fonterra co operative group, dairy target national foods said today its shares were worth between $ 6.11 and $ 6.65 a share.
1			election	politics	history	race	washington	strategy	republican			bush barnstorms battleground state ahead of party convention us president george w. bush rolled across this battleground state, rallying supporters ahead of next week's republican national convention, where he will formally be nominated for another four year term.
2			baseball	sport	football			former gamecocks ready for spurrier era i m excited as i can be, said legendary bradwell institute football player candler boyd. i hated to see anybody go out like coach holtz did.
4			computer	linux	hardware	technology	machine	networking	ibm	computing	server			ibm unveils power5 based supercomputing server each skinny server houses eight processors. plug a few together, and voila! a high performance machine. br photo: ibm's new supercomputing server
1			politics	abortion	election	protest	violence	democracy	war	protester	terrorism			group asks to protest in central park an anti war group planning a massive demonstration the day before the gop convention asked a judge on wednesday to overrule city officials and let protesters gather in central park.
1			election	america	politics	history	survival	democracy	corruption	terrorism	reality			muddling through looks like the philippines, despite itself, has survived the election without excessive violence, major civil unrest, or untoward people power eruptions. gma finally has that elusive electoral mandate, and the air of uncertainty that pervaded manila in the weeks leading up to the election has given way to for some an air of cautious optimism or for others resignation that nothing ever changes much in the philippines and that the strong leadership and fundamental changes needed to save the country are long shots.
3			politics	business	ceo	bernhard	bureaucracy	executive	bankruptcy	money			general motors won 't hire bernhard as an executive, lutz says general motors corp., the world 's largest automaker, has no plans to name former daimlerchrysler ag executive wolfgang bernhard to a senior post, vice chairman robert lutz said.
4			computer	hacking	cheating	privacy	technology	fraud	consumer	money			peer to peer companies win in court grokster, morpheus not liable for user's actions, appeals court says.
4			computer	technology	car	design	innovation	apple	patent	ai	security			apple fans abuzz over new imac company maintains its famous veil of secrecy as faithful speculate about possible designs.
1			election	indonesia	politics	history	war	democracy	china	corruption	victory			sby puts victory celebrations on ice five days after indonesia 's first presidential election, neither candidate has claimed victory or conceded defeat, even though it is now clear president megawati sukarnoputri cannot possibly win.
1			politics	election	war	democracy	iraq	strategy	terrorism	money			bush's withdrawal plan could draw votes president bush's plan to call tens of thousands of u.s. troops home from europe and asia could gain him election year applause from military families, but won't ease the strain on soldiers still battling violent factions in iraq and afghanistan...
2			coaching	baseball	sport	football			droschak: almost a special senior day football players aren 't into moral victories. it goes against the grain of their rough exteriors and win at all cost mentality.
4			network	mobility	collaboration	broadband	technology	wireless	telecommunication	patent			boingo, vonage join on wireless voip boingo wireless and vonage are teaming to provide voice over wi fi service as a complement to traditional voip. initially, the companies will collaborate on a service bundle that combines vonage 's
4			security	computer	linux	network	technology	storage	networking	ibm	computing	server			sun changing course on itanium plans again com november 17, 2004, 5:03 pm pt. organizations are replacing aging servers with newer more powerful boxes, often linux based, and theyre also investing in storage.
1			politics	coaching	controversy	football	coach			college football notebook: florida 's players blast decision to ... the decision to fire florida coach ron zook was welcomed by gator fans around the country. it didn 't get the same reception in the locker room.
4			security	hacking	network	privacy	technology	encryption	terrorism	surveillance			aol to sell secure id tags to fight hackers america online will begin offering to sell members a security device and service that has been used to safeguard business computer networks, the world's largest internet service provider said on monday.
4			china	technology	photo	photography	industry			kodak cuts 600 jobs and shuts two plants as digital toll rises eastman kodak, the world 's largest photographic company, announced it was cutting 600 jobs in the uk and 270 in france yesterday, as it pressed on with its strategic refocus, brought on by the
3			politics	business	greed	strategy	finance	trust	money	security			put up or push off, city patrician tells bid em up bruce eight months of simmering tension at investment bank lazard erupted this week as its patrician chairman told the wall street legend he hired to run the bank to take it public by next june or quit.
4			electronics	battery	computer	sex	privacy	technology	car	hybrid			palmone's treo 650: hybrid phones keep getting smarter when i showed palmone's new treo 650 to a co worker who had just bought the treo 600, my now jealous colleague paid this new model one of the highest compliments imaginable: a two word obscenity we can't print.
1			politics	violence	war	strategy	terrorism	time	money	security			rebels suspect sudan dragging feet we are worried about the manoeuvres by the khartoum side. there is a strong tendency for them to buy time, said yaser arman,.
4			computer	hacking	business	software	privacy	microsoft	technology	security	linux			news: symantec snaps up veritas software for $ 13.5 billion in stock the associated press by michael liedtke
2			coaching	turner	baseball	chicago	espn	basketball	illinois	sport	football	coach			illinois parts ways with ron turner the university of illinois has fired head football coach ron turner. turner just completed his eighth year at illinois, compiling a 35 57 record with just two winning seasons.
4			windows	cluster	computer	application	linux	network	system	networking	server			stratus unveils low end fault tolerant server at half the price of its high end system, the new ftserver w series 2300 system offers users an alternative to clusters.
2			basketball			nba: hoop dreams the nba and yuta tabuse are no strangers but they just got a bit cozier. after attending training camp and playing in three preseason games for the denver nuggets last season, the
1			election	america	politics	democracy	million	voter	time	money			lakers to see early returns the rest of the nation can monitor the presidential election tonight, to see which states go red and which states go blue, to count up electoral college votes, to watch for a concession speech that may not come for days.
3			business	sale	marketing	growth	profit	corporation	consumer	competition	food			mcdonald's profits up on strong u.s. sales mcdonald's corp. rode strong u.s. sales to a 42 percent increase in third quarter earnings, its fifth straight quarter of increased profits since snapping out of a slump last year.
3			deal	business	investing	transaction	bank	finance	bankruptcy	banker	money	banking			good deals for banks, both coming and going with so few mergers and acquisitions these days and with fees for them shrinking, bankers have found a new way to milk more cash out of deals: working with both buyer and seller.
3			america	business	tax	greed	corporate	bankruptcy	corporation	money			be funny or you're fired i was traveling on southwest airlines a couple of days ago. it was kind of weird. seemingly, they have implemented a new corporate policy.
2			baseball	schedule	espn	basketball	conference	sport	athletics	acc	football	scheduling			top heavy matchups seven atlantic 10 teams are ranked in the latest sports network division 1 aa poll, and four of them go head to head this weekend: no. 8 maine plays at no. 4 delaware and no. 12 new hampshire is at no. 10 villanova. in addition, no. 16 northeastern plays at conference rival william mary, the highest vote getter outside the rankings.
4			computer	linux	unix	software	technology	microsoft	silicon	reliability	security	server			sun sets sights on linux vendors after years of battling microsoft corp., sun microsystems inc. has set its sights on linux vendors, seeking to jump into a low end but high volume market it 's been accused of ignoring.
4			privacy	technology	microsoft	internet	broadband	telecommunication	money			sbc gives microsoft $ 400 mln internet tv deal sbc communications will pay microsoft corp. at least $ 400 million over 10 years for technology to help sbc sell video services over its upgraded broadband lines, the companies said wednesday.
4			computer	technology	power	performance	ibm	reliability	computing	linux			ibm 's blue gene picks up speed a supercomputer being built to analyze the us nuclear stockpile has again set an unofficial performance record the second in just over a month.
4			network	mobility	ethernet	wireless	technology	telecommunication	networking	security	linux			tasman adds new router to lineup tasman networks has introduced a new entry level wan access router and security device. the tasman 1001 also includes new features added to a new version of the company's operating system, including multicast routing, ipsec vpn, firewall, and an integrated web based gui.
1			election	politics	putin	democracy	voting	poll	corruption	russia	ukraine			new ukraine election looks likely way out of crisis a new ukrainian poll of some sort looked increasingly likely as parliament and the supreme court pressed ahead on thursday with efforts to resolve a national crisis over a disputed presidential election.
4			engineering	mobility	bridge	technology	crane	transport	architecture	transportation			flying high, like a butterfly the worlds tallest bridge was opened in the tarn valley, france, yesterday and has been hailed as both a monumental work of art and an unrivalled technological achievement.
4			network	ethernet	technology	broadband	wireless	networking	patent			wimax accepts digiweb as first irish wireless isp broadand services provider digiweb has been accepted as a member of the international wireless industry body, the wimax forum, which was established to promote and certify compatibility and interoperability of broadband wireless products and platforms.
4			windows	computer	linux	java	hardware	software	storage	security	server			emc makes run for smbs with dantz buy emc has made yet another software acquisition, picking up dantz development corp. today for help in the backup market. dantz is the 15th software maker emc has picked up since 2000, along with big names such as vmware and legato.
2			baseball	hockey	soccer	athletics	sport	football	canada	toronto	mls			york university to house argos, soccer group the toronto argonauts may or may not host the east division semifinal this year, but they will play home games at york university in 2006.
4			security	mobility	technology	nokia	siemens	telecommunication	patent	phone			siemens cites problem with new phones siemens ag said friday it anticipates unspecified additional costs from a software problem with new mobile phones that has led retailers to suspend sales.
2			gaming	sport	music	football	mtv	entertainment			black eyed peas to produce music for 'urbz' game the band that brought the infectious grooves of hey mama and let's get it started to nightclubs across america has signed up to do the same for a video game where success is measured by how cool players are.
4			mobile	security	mobility	privacy	technology	networking	samsung	phone			briefly: sandisk to supply samsung with minisd roundup plus: hitachi unleashes 100gb notebook services security outfits merge...groups push on for tv on cell phones.
4			authentication	computer	privacy	technology	vulnerability	encryption	networking	security			ibm protects passwords with pc chip com september 15, 2004, 9:01 pm pt. most it managers won 't question the importance of security, but this priority has been sliding between the third and fourth most important focus for companies.
1			politics	election			sunni clerics call for boycott of january elections because of ... a powerful group of sunni muslim clerics called tuesday for a boycott of national elections set for late january to protest the us led attack against the sunni insurgent stronghold fallujah.
1			politics	war	troop	iraq	terrorism			white house silent on bremer troop request the white house refused to say tuesday whether the top u.s. civilian official in iraq after saddam hussein's ouster had asked the president for more troops to deal with the rapid descent of postwar iraq into chaos...
4			electronics	computer	manufacturing	technology	semiconductor	japan	patent	memory	computing	industry			elpida advances as shares start trading in tokyo shares of elpida memory inc., japan 's sole large scale producer of memory chips, rose on their first day of trading in tokyo on investors expectations a focus on consumer electronics
4			computer	linux	business	technology	telecommunication	networking	ibm	email	industry			airespace wins ibm deal for wi fi service airespace, a silicon valley start up that sells telecommunications gear, has won a partnership with ibm that 's intended to help the smaller company grab a piece of the growing market for wi fi services, the two companies told reuters wednesday.
4			network	telecom	technology	telecommunication	networking	bt	industry			analysts laud british telecom's pursuit of infonet industry analysts say there are many pluses to bt buying infonet services, including giving bt more resources to be a more effective global networking player.
2			politics	baseball	soccer	sport	dc	stadium	football	seattle	washington			baseball rejects dc plan major league baseball is poised to cancel the move of the montreal expos to washington after the district of columbia council tuesday night amended the agreement for a riverfront stadium by requiring 50 percent private financing.
4			success	business	progress	technology	performance	development	growth	innovation	change	research			amd reflects on progress, charts course for 2005 executives at advanced micro devices painted a much different picture of the chip maker than in recent years during a briefing for analysts and reporters friday at the company 's headquarters in sunnyvale, calif.
1			politics	election	history	democracy	kabul	iran	iraq	candidate	afghanistan			karzai wins afghan election hamid karzai has been declared as afghanistan 's president after an electoral commission concluded that vote rigging had not affected the result.
4			electronics	computer	technology	mit	tech	innovation	patent	education			m.i.t. technology review adopts more serious tone the mit technology review, which was introduced in 1899, is getting a makeover to help attract readers and advertisers.
3			michael	business	ceo	retirement	fleet	money	number			fleet 's turn back in the days when fleet financial was riding high, rolling up the new england banking industry, michael zucchini was the man ceo terry murray turned to right after he was done with his latest press conference regarding his latest acquisition.
4			security	computer	stealth	hacking	safety	privacy	technology	encryption	surveillance			ibm puts security at your fingertips thinkpad t42 series notebooks now feature an embedded fingerprint reader.
4			mobile	device	mobility	technology	smartphone	nokia	ios	phone			nokia 's latest smartphone gives a widescreen view nokia 's latest smartphone, the 7710, takes a widescreen approach to helping users be productive on the move. the device was launched at the mobile phone maker 's mobility conference in monaco in tuesday.
2			coaching	baseball	injury	statistics	basketball	saint	sport	football	religion			season over for priest kansas city's star running back priest holmes, who was leading the nfl in scoring and rushing when he got hurt nov. 7, will miss the rest of the season with a knee injury.
4			battery	privacy	technology	fraud	patent	research	healthcare			cypher market share climbs guidant corp. said yesterday that the cypher cardiac stent regained some market share after rival boston scientific corp. conducted three recalls of its competing device.
3			share	movie	shareholder	company	film	stock	finance	industry			dreamworks spinoff sees shares rise 38 1st day shares of dreamworks animation inc. soared nearly 38 percent on the first day of trading thursday as investors anticipated shrek sized profits from the computer animation film studio.
4			mobile	radio	network	broadband	technology	communication	telecommunication			xm ceo sees satellite radio on cell phones xm satellite radio holdings inc. xmsr.o chief executive officer hugh panero on wednesday said he expected satellite radio and cellphone services to converge within the next five years.
1			politics	election	democracy	voting	privacy	ballot	fraud			maryland court rejects electronic voting challenge maryland's highest court has rejected a challenge to the state's electronic voting system and upheld a ruling that touchscreen style voting machines provide a reasonable level of ballot security.
3			politics	trade	business	greed	fraud	finance	fashion	money	retail	merger			detail, not retail, drives lampert the man behind the country 's biggest retail merger is best known for being secretive and successful. by jeff harrington, times staff writer.
4			application	portal	collaboration	web	api	technology	website	content			objectweb adds portal content management middleware the objectweb consortium added portal, content, and business process management elements to the stack of open source middleware projects it promotes, potentially providing businesses with access to cheaper technology, members of the group announced tuesday.
3			ibm	application	business	ceo	company	oracle	patent	email	industry			oracle takes over peoplesoft oracle nasdaq: orcl finally has won control of peoplesoft nasdaq: psft after an 18 month takeover battle, making the redwood shores, california based company the world's second largest vendor of business management applications software.
3			technology	loss	profit	finance	pricing	competition	money	industry			micron technology posts profit micron technology inc. , the no. 3 computer memory chip maker, on wednesday reported a quarterly profit on stronger pricing, reversing a year earlier loss.
3			news	buying	business	speculation	company	option	pricing	money			ebay buys 25 of craiglist ebay buys 25 of craiglist ebay inc. today purchased a 25 percent pre existing minority stake in san francisco based craigslist, a popular online network of classified ads and forums. the 25 stake was purchased from a former craigslist employee who first contacted ebay with the proposed sale, according to craigslist officials. with dedicated ...
4			technology	internet	google	money	email			time warner sees aol ad revenue at near $ 1 billion time warner inc. twx.n: quote, profile, research said on monday its america online internet unit, once seen as the company 's red headed stepchild, could contribute some of the company 's most explosive revenue growth.
4			ibm	computer	application	manufacturing	technology	manufacturer	patent	security	industry			ibm targets manufacturers with rfid com september 14, 2004, 7:32 am pt. this fourth priority 's main focus has been improving or obtaining crm and erp software for the past year and a half.
4			specification	network	ethernet	wireless	standard	networking			zigbee low power wireless standard ratified the zigbee alliance, an industry standards group dedicated to promoting low power wireless networks, ratified the first zigbee specification this week.
2			coaching	baseball	statistics	espn	basketball	sport	recruiting	football	coach			holtz introduced as east carolina coach east carolina introduced former south carolina assistant skip holtz as its head football coach on friday, welcoming him as the man to lead the program into a new era.
4			electronics	battery	computer	manufacturing	car	technology	consumer	money	industry			gadget price declines slow for summer consumer electronics prices still drop, mostly, but not so much.
2			kobe	baseball	espn	basketball	sport	football	player	nba	money			nba 's fizer suspended one game after weapons guilty plea get inq7 breaking news on your smart mobile phone in the philippines. send inq7 breaking to 386. new york, new york, united states of america milwaukee bucks forward marcus fizer was suspended one game
4			technology	tech	energy	innovation	strategy	skepticism	industry			us tech execs optimism is up us technology executives are increasingly optimistic about the business climate, although plans for increased technology spending remain modest, according to a study released yesterday.
4			technology	acceleration	performance	optimization	ibm	speed	computing	linux			bluegene wins the supercomputer speed race in september, ibm announced that the blue gene l prototype had sustained speeds of 36 trillion calculations per second. blue gene l recently achieved a sustained performance of 70.
4			network	privacy	technology	encryption	strategy	networking	security	linux			red hat to acquire netscape network security software red hat has announced plans to acquire network security software from netscape 's enterprise suite, adding it to its open source architecture, the company says they will distribute it as open source software, according to statements from company executives
4			industry	ibm	computer	technology	machine	patent	speed	computing	linux			eit has some supercomputer bragging rights endicott interconnect technologies can claim some ownership rights to the fastest computer in the world. ibm corp. this week brought the title of the world 's fastest supercomputer back to the united states for the first time in three years.
4			ibm	computer	linux	china	technology	japan	patent	computing	industry			ibm develops world 's fastest supercomputer: reports new york, sep 30, 2004 kyodo via comtex international business machines corp. has developed the world 's fastest supercomputer, us media reported wednesday.
2			politics	baseball	hockey	sport	football	money			nhl season nearing point of no return: dryden he 's long since traded his pads for politics. but, that doesn 't mean ken dryden has lost his love of the game.
1			election	politics	putin	war	democracy	russia	terrorism			kremlin choice seen leading chechnya vote the russian government's choice for president of war ravaged chechnya appeared to be the victor sunday in an election tainted by charges of fraud and shadowed by last week's terrorist destruction of two airliners. little more than two hours after polls closed, acting chechen president sergei abramov said preliminary results showed maj...
2			coaching	baseball	espn	basketball	sport	football	coach			this bcs business is getting out of hand enough of the bowl championship series. enough of coaches sounding like oliver stone scripting his latest movie project.
1			politics	minister	government	economics	corruption	ministry	finance	money	politician			dutch minister's world revealed in 'blog' dutch finance minister gerrit zalm says his blog personal diary on the internet gives people an idea of what it is to be a minister, with insights into his professional and private life.
4			business	microsoft	technology	cisco	networking	ibm	security	industry			ibm, cisco forge enterprise security tie ibm and cisco systems unveiled product updates that will link technology from the two companies more closely together to protect customer networks from security threats.
4			product	technology	vendor	patent	email	security	windows			epcglobal: users to get rfid progress update ibm, hp, sun and manhattan associates head the list of vendors launching new products and services at this week's epcglobal u.s. conference 2004 in baltimore.
3			business	mobility	ceo	management	technology	marketing	strategy	education	leadership			red hat names new services executive kate johnson will oversee global training, support and consulting services from the company's headquarters.
4			statistics	technology	economics	tech	finance	patent	research	money	intel	industry			tech stocks end lower, intel disappoints us technology shares tumbled on friday after technology bellwether intel corp. intc.o: quote, profile, research slashed its revenue forecast, but blue chips were only moderately lower as drug and industrial stocks made solid gains.
4			electronics	battery	computer	device	car	marketing	technology	consumer			fresh blackberrys in the annals of consumer electronics, certain devices have proven so compelling they ve created consumer cults. you know, mac heads.
4			application	linux	collaboration	technology	ibm	ai	computing	industry			ibm expands resources for isvs as part of its ongoing effort to foster third party application development for its hardware and software businesses, ibm on monday unveiled resources in its virtual innovation center aimed
1			election	politics	campaign	voting	poll	romney	kerry	bush	washington			bush's convention tops kerry's in primetime polling the country may be more or less evenly divided along partisan lines when it comes to the presidential race, but the republican party prevailed in the nielsen polling of this summer's nominating conventions.
4			lcd	technology	display	rs	industry			stn lcd maker edt projects above 130 cstn capacity growth in 2q ... emerging display technologies edt , specializing in small to medium stn cstn lcd panels, will ramp up its monthly capacity for cstn lcds from 30,000 units at present to 70,000 in the second quarter of 2005, according to the company.
4			product	manufacturing	biotechnology	technology	option	pharmaceuticals	pricing	rs	industry			rayovac to buy united industries battery maker rayovac corp. on tuesday said it would buy united industries corp., a maker of lawn and garden products, for about 476 million in cash and stock in a bid to diversify its product mix.
2			coaching	baseball	controversy	statistics	safety	basketball	sport	football			gators anxious to play; crowder and herring will play 9 8 2004 the long mystery surrounding whether or not linebacker channing crowder and safety jarvis herring would serve their suspensions now or later has been resolved.
4			wikipedia	computer	privacy	technology	something	design			like my new blog design? what do you think of the new design? for those of you reading via rss just click on the permalink. fixed layout. blue background. nice clean sidebar. no more obsolete links. updated content. all to give the appearance that i'm a professional! this is part of my new effort to blog more now that i have rojo launched. anyway. if anything looks strange please let me know! i'll also be making some additional layout tweaks in the next couple of days. in the meantime this will do...
4			electronics	television	movie	technology	tv	video	reality			hdtv: a shopper 's survival guide flat or fat? edtv or hdtv? lcd or plasma? anyone who 's on the hunt for a new tv set these days knows getting a dream screen can be more confusing than the plotline of days of our lives.
3			business	trade	china	trend	tokyo	company	market	japan	retail	industry			tokyo stocks flat in late trade retailers such as ito yokado got a lift after government data showed activity in japan 's service sector rose in june as a wide range of businesses including retailers and restaurants enjoyed a recovery in customers.
4			housing	technology	automation	robot	home			robots set to get homely by 2007 robots are set to become increasingly familiar companions in homes by 2007, says a united nations survey. seven times more robots will helping us out with the cleaning, security and entertainment in three
4			mobile	computer	television	technology	telecommunication	tv	phone			live digital tv arrives on mobile phones tv addicts need never again be far away from their next digital telly fix, thanks to a chip being developed by texas instruments ti for mobile phones.
4			processor	electronics	computer	manufacturing	chip	hardware	intel	technology	silicon			amd enters the 90 nanometer zone chipmaker becomes the last of several well known chip companies to begin making 90 nanometer processors.
4			business	buying	trend	privacy	technology	tech	christmas			holiday tech buying guide fast forward columnist rob pegoraro will be online to host his second discussion on the washington post's holiday tech buying guide and answer your personal tech questions.
1			election	politics	israel	violence	democracy	corruption	terrorism			abbas makes election move, possibly to push back activist ... the interim palestinian leader promised to set a date for internal elections in the ruling fatah movement, a cabinet minister said friday, in an apparent attempt to persuade the head of fatah 's restless young guard to drop out
4			application	java	model	technology	integration	modeling	ibm	industry			ibm offers developers modeling transition tool looking to enable transitions between application modeling platforms, ibm this week is making available the ibm model transformation framework mtf on its alphaworks site for previewing technologies.
3			revenue	recovery	business	sale	loss	finance	profit	bankruptcy	money			rite aid posts profit, reaffirms outlook drugstore chain rite aid corp. on thursday reported a quarterly profit, reversing a year ago loss, on strong cash flow and a reduction in inventory related expenses.
2			politics	marathon	athletics	race	sport	football	religion	terrorism			marathoner finishes third after attack a defrocked irish priest bolted from the crowd and grabbed the marathon leader about three miles from the finish sunday. the brazilian runner wound up with the bronze and a special award for sportsmanship and the former priest was arrested...
2			coaching	shooting	basketball	sport	competition	money			casual approach, shot selection land anthony seat on team usa bench the question of what 's up between coach larry brown and nailed to the bench young forward carmelo anthony is not, to be sure, the most important one facing the united states men 's basketball team. the team 's poor shooting after going 3 for 17 in ...
1			politics	america	election	history	democracy	washington	terrorism	freedom			upstaging before the show the republican convention's calculated claims to patriotism met elaborately planned and heavily democratic street protests.
1			bet	politics	election	speculation	poll	kerry	debate	money			kerry gets post debate bounce in election futures online futures traders raised their bets on democratic presidential candidate sen. john kerry on friday after the first debate with president bush, although the overall odds still favored the incumbent.
4			game	graphic	gaming	hardware	console	technology	multiplayer	platform	strategy			star wars: revenge of the sith for handhelds developed by ubisoft 's montreal studio, star wars: revenge of the sith on psp, ds, and gba will fully leverage the strengths of each handheld platform.
2			baseball	history	statistics	giant	sport	football	time	money			skins cough one up for tom one more loss and the giants would set a franchise record with 10 straight. one more fine by tom coughlin before he even picked up his first victory and the giants would be on the verge of revolt.
4			business	privacy	technology	marketing	fraud	security			service that fools caller id causes anger it may be known as caller id spoofing, but it is evidently no laughing matter. three days after the startup company star38 began offering a service that fools caller id systems, the founder, jason jepson, has decided to sell the business.
2			coaching	baseball	statistics	florida	espn	basketball	sport	recruiting	football	tennis			north carolina cruises playing their fifth game in eight days, the tar heels get 23 points from jawad williams to beat southern california, 97 65.
1			brussels	election	politics	nomination	voting	europe	candidate	italy	party			new commissioners win mep support new candidates for the reshuffled european commission win support from meps at nomination hearings.
4			electronics	battery	computer	device	usb	storage	charging			apple to recall laptop batteries apple computer has agreed to recall about 28,000 batteries used in its 15 inch powerbook g4 laptop computers, the us consumer product safety commission says.
4			mobile	device	mobility	technology	smartphone	nokia	ios	phone			nokia says cellphone future is smart monaco itweb, 3 november 2004 nokia unveiled several new products, including a web browsing, image oriented wide screen handset, at its mobility conference in monaco, where the emphasis has been on smartphones and supporting technology.
3			buying	business	sale	profit	competition	money	education			ebay reports sharply higher profit ebay inc., the world 's largest online marketplace, on wednesday posted a quarterly profit that rose 77 percent from a year ago, fueled by strong back to school shopping
4			chip	hardware	intel	technology	performance	networking	semiconductor	silicon	linux			intel updates on 65nm , 8 30 2004. with 90 nanometer chips now on the market, the race for the next node 65nm is now underway. intel is on track for initial production of chips based on 65 nanometer process
4			electronics	computer	mac	technology	apple	innovation	money			maccentral week in review well, what do you know? apple shipped a product on time. actually, apple ships plenty of equipment on time. it 's just that apple 's stumbles often take center stage in media reports, so
4			linux	software	microsoft	technology	licensing	system	patent	security	industry			siebel systems swings to 3q profit software maker siebel systems inc. on wednesday said its third quarter results swung to a profit on improved licensing revenue, but missed analyst expectations.
1			politics	election	revolution	protest	violence	democracy	riot	protester	terrorism	demonstration			saudi dissident fails to stage mass protests hundreds of security forces made a show of force in two saudi cities yesterday to ward off protests against the royal family, chasing a few would be demonstrators in the streets and arresting several others, after a dissident called for a day of marches.
1			politics	treason	war	terrorism	money			thatcher can easily prove he was not involved in coup plot ... sir mark thatcher will easily be able to prove he had nothing to do with an alleged coup plot in the oil rich west african state of equatorial guinea, his lawyer said yesterday, despite the jailing of his close friend simon mann on arms charges.
4			windows	hardware	software	server	microsoft	system	security	linux			microsoft ready to ship virtual server product will allow a server to run multiple operating systems, or multiple copies of the same operating system at a single time
4			network	investing	wireless	technology	broadband	telecommunication	networking			mccaw 's clearwire goes wimax, intel makes significant investment here 's one way to jumpstart wimax deployment: make a significant investment in a wireless broadband company that promises to use your technology and products.
4			computer	vector	hardware	technology	nec	ibm	computing	linux			photo: nec's new sx 8 supercomputer the sx 8 is the latest incarnation of the high end but relatively rare vector computer breed.
2			baseball	giant	basketball	sport	football	cancer			giants are in another free fall somewhere in their latest indignity in a six game losing streak, the giants stepped into a rabbit hole and found themselves reliving last season all over again.
4			connected	computer	business	network	connectivity	technology	communication	networking	security			iron mountain gets connected iron mountain moved further into the backup and recovery space tuesday with the acquisition of connected corp. for $ 117 million. connected backs up desktop data for more than 600 corporations, with more than
2			coaching	baseball	hockey	basketball	sport	football			xaverian proves too tough for cm showing the kind of toughness that breeds late season success, xaverian took a big step toward a catholic conference title with a 25 7 win over catholic memorial yesterday. with the artificial turf at catholic memorial covered in snow, xaverian turned to its ground game to keep the chains and the clock moving once it claimed the lead.
3			business	california	wine	aging	money			mondavi to move on robert mondavi corp. said it would sell not only the napa valley facility, perhaps america 's most famous winery, but all of its high end wine ventures in california and around the world, to concentrate on
1			politics	life	style	religion	woman			martha stewart cordial with jailmates: report us style guru martha stewart was friendly with inmates on her first night in jail and appeared in good spirits as she began serving a five month prison sentence in west virginia, us media reported sunday.
4			electronics	battery	pc	computer	china	technology	power	japan	linux			smaller, more powerful pc fuel cell is on the way a fuel cell for notebook pcs that is smaller and more powerful than competing technologies could be on the market in early 2006 at a price of around $ 90, its japanese inventors said this week.
3			product	store	sale	merchant	commerce	shop	retailer	shopping	retail			sortprice shopping search engine includes 1000 merchants sortprice shopping search engine includes 1000 merchants announces reaching 1000 merchants with over 10 million product listings which ranges from small retailers to industry giants including companies such as target, and office depot. launched in 2003, was created to provide free listings for merchants and an easy to ...
3			brand	business	sale	marketing	fashion	commercial	education			biographical sketch of new kmart ceo aylwin lewis education: holds an mba and bachelor 's degrees in business management and english literature from the university of houston. career: since january 2003, served as president and chief multi branding and operating officer at yum brands inc.
3			share	speculation	shareholder	company	stock	google	competition	money	security			google seeks ok to sell shares google has signaled that its share auction is nearly complete, asking the securities and exchange commission for approval to begin selling 25.7 million shares of stock starting late this afternoon.
2			baseball	history	statistics	basketball	sport	nfl	football	strategy			patriots and chiefs must score wisely if you go back to september before the season started and looked at the monday night football schedule, this game between new england and kansas city stood out as one of the premiere matchups.
4			windows	electronics	computer	linux	technology	networking	silicon	sony			sleek looks and superb performance to woo mac fans and pc buyers most all in one desktops with lcd panels the sony vaio and gateway profile systems come to mind are two units permanently connected together: the part of the case housing the motherboard and drives, and the monitor.
3			network	trend	technology	finance	profit	money	industry			tech giant ericsson posts solid 3q profit lm ericsson, the world 's largest supplier of equipment for wireless phone networks, posted a third quarter profit on friday that was in line with analysts expectations but said it expects only slight growth in mobile networks in the coming months.
4			computer	acquisition	software	privacy	storage	technology	encryption	security	linux			update 4: symantec agrees to buy veritas software computer security giant symantec corp. is buying storage and backup program maker veritas software corp. in a $ 13.5 billion deal that will create the world 's fourth largest software company.
4			computer	business	technology	microsoft	internet	networking	ibm	email	industry			ibm wins $ 1 billion contract from lloyds ibm has signed a 7 year, $ 969 million contract with british bank lloyds tsb to supply it with internet telephony and data services, the u.s. based computer giant said on monday.
4			dell	intel	technology	math	semiconductor	money	silicon	security	linux			dell warns intel with talk of amd inside dell and intel have danced this dance before, only this time the tune has changed. historically dell has done this because they aren 't getting the response they want from intel and then intel
3			product	trade	trend	price	sale	marketing	market	retailer	pricing	retail			wal mart holds sales view wal mart stores inc. , the world's largest retailer, said on saturday it still anticipates september u.s. sales to be up 2 percent to 4 percent at stores open at least a year.
1			election	politics	australia	violence	democracy			coy howard in call to arms on the eve of possibly calling a federal election, prime minister john howard chose his words carefully when delivering the key speech at the tasmanian liberal state council yesterday.
2			baseball	youth	olympics	soccer	sport	football	goal	tennis			teen's goal gives u.s. shot at soccer gold the only teenager on the u.s. women's soccer team gave the old vets a chance to leave with one last gold...
1			election	politics	democracy	zimbabwe	corruption	africa	woman	leadership			first woman deputy in zimbabwe zimbabwe s ruling party today elected long time cabinet minister joyce mujuru as the country 's first woman vice president.
4			electronics	voice	privacy	technology	audio	phone			pda sales continue to drop if a handheld device doesn 't have voice capabilities, a growing number of users around the world aren 't interested, according to idc.
4			software	technology	licensing	copyright	finance	pricing	patent	license	competition	industry			study: software vendors, users at odds over licensing software publishers and users are at odds about software licensing, according a study released monday.
4			computer	business	privacy	technology	company	blog	email			what are blogs, and why your business should use one what are blogs, and why your business should use one a few weeks ago i was involved in a very strange conversation with some pretty bright people. one publishes a widely circulated industry magazine, another was an industry consultant, and the last was the ceo of a major corporation in the ...
2			baseball	athletics	sport	football	oakland	rumor	detroit			nick swisher and bobby crosby kept the oakland athletics alone in first place for at least another day.
1			election	chen	controversy	politics	taiwan	democracy	china	corruption	scandal			taiwan court upholds chen 's election victory taiwan 's high court on thursday dismissed a lawsuit filed by opposition parties seeking to nullify the march presidential election and upheld president chen shui bian 's victory.
4			electronics	pc	computer	privacy	technology	internet	pcs	email			amd rolls out pic it 's called a personal internet communicator, described as an affordable and simple way to connect to the internet, and it 's being marketed by sunnyvale 's advanced micro devices, inc.
4			battery	computer	electricity	linux	technology	power	ibm	reliability	industry			ibm recalls 553,000 laptop power units worldwide ibm said on thursday it will recall about 553,000 ac power adapters worldwide for several models of its laptop computers because of potential fire and electrical shock hazards.
4			computer	hacking	technology	internet	networking	computing	linux			communities get hi tech help rural and deprived communities worldwide are benefiting from the increased availability of computers.
3			business	manufacturing	mr	sale	ft	hr	industry			williams sonoma profit up on pottery barn williams sonoma inc. thursday said its profit rose 19 percent in the latest quarter, helped by brisk pottery barn business and a new link in the supply chain that strengthened furniture sales.
4			computer	privacy	technology	communication	speech	research	education			speech recognition on a chip inside three years the us national science foundation has awarded a $ 1m grant to researchers in the us who want to put speech recognition on a chip, a move the project 's proponents claim will revolutionise the way we communicate.
1			politics	election	controversy	campaign	advertising	advocacy	lobbying			advocacy groups and campaigns: an uneasy shuttle the flow of people between the campaigns and advocacy groups is alarming those who fought for tighter campaign finance rules.
1			election	politics	bribery	democracy	voting	transparency	corruption	fraud	irregularities			gao to probe vote counting urged on by democratic lawmakers, the government accountability office plans to investigate the way votes were counted in the presidential election. the office cautions, however, that it is powerless to act if irregularities are found.
1			election	politics	campaign	nevada	challenge	candidate	debate	jeopardy			challenges likely as ohio certifies vote two major challenges are expected to unfold monday when ohio secretary of state kenneth blackwell certifies the state's final presidential election results, declaring president bush the winner by about 119,000 votes.
3			statistics	business	sale	technology	marketing	storage	analytics	retail	security			microsoft hopes cash register os adds up in sales retail oriented version of windows xp embedded will be designed to make it easier to process sales from registers, kiosks and other devices.
2			coaching	baseball	history	basketball	athletics	sport	soccer	football	seattle	everett			medford's 4 year run in gbl ends for the last four years, the medford boys' soccer team had not been beaten in the greater boston league. that streak ended yesterday when everett handed the mustangs a stunning 3 2 loss at glendale park in everett.
4			computer	technology	microsoft	company	finance	hp	patent	corporation	money			hp boosts share repurchase plan printer and pc maker hewlett packard co. said monday it bought $ 1.3 million in common shares back from merrill lynch and its board approved the buyback of an additional $ 3 billion in shares.
2			athletics	sport	race	rowing	swimming	motorsport	cycling			hoy wins gold by a whisker cyclist chris hoy today secured britain 's second gold medal of the games by winning the men 's 1km time trial in a new olympic record time.
4			boeing	manufacturing	aviation	technology	defense	strategy	finance	corporation	aerospace	industry			general dynamics profit jumps 23 percent defense contractor general dynamics corp. on wednesday said third quarter earnings surged 23 percent, led by a big rebound in its aerospace segment.
4			security	safety	network	privacy	technology	encryption	protection	surveillance			broadcom buys into cell phone graphics com september 20, 2004, 12:05 pm pt. most it managers won 't question the importance of security, but this priority has been sliding between the third and fourth most important focus for companies.
4			motorola	network	mobility	telecom	technology	nokia	wireless	telecommunication	networking	patent			motorola gets orders from china unicom motorola inc. has been selected to provide a 344 million expansion to a wireless network run by china united telecommunications corp., or china unicom, one of the largest network operators in the world.
4			computer	game	business	gaming	privacy	microsoft	technology	strategy	windows			microsoft grabs lead in handheld market handhelds that use windows ce hold 48 percent market share worldwide, up from 41 percent a year ago. what's palm to do?
4			science	progress	technology	evolution	power	hydrogen	energy	innovation	research			hydrogen fuel closer to fruition finding a cheap way to produce hydrogen fuel has been something of a holy grail to energy researchers for years. recently, teams across the world announced advances, but observers say some promises are running ahead of results. by daith hanluain.
1			politics	election	controversy	analysis	democracy	stability	strategy	debate			analysis: kerry term would face hurdles if sen. john kerry is elected, his presidency is likely to bring a sharp shift in white house direction along with pragmatic backpedaling on some of his boldest campaign promises.
2			cycling	marathon	olympics	doping	athletics	sport	athlete	swimming	event			endurance swimmers short changed at olympics: hackett australia 's olympic 1,500 metres champion grant hackett says long distance swimmers are being robbed of their chance to shine at the athens games.
4			roaming	portal	mobility	traffic	connectivity	crossroads	storage	technology	switch	gateway			crossroads to develop intelligent iscsi storage crossroads systems has announced it is collaborating with ivivity to develop new gateway and intelligent iscsi storage systems. the new products will provide intelligent crossroads storage routing software in a hardware platform based on ivivity's idisxsilicon technology.
1			politics	election	democrat	bounce	immigration	kerry	terrorism	mccain	republican			democrats claim bush's bounce will fade democrats on sunday said president bush's post convention bounce was triggered by four days of mean, vicious attacks on john kerry, and would be short lived.
4			india	city	biotechnology	technology	tech	innovation	education	industry			high tech city to go up in southern india southern india's kerala state plans to create a 1,000 acre 400 hectare zone called smart city, where technology companies from around the world will be invited to set up operations, an official said friday.
2			boxing	baseball	gaming	volleyball	basketball	sport	football	dating	tennis	woman			wizards court singles the wizards will host a series of dating games this season in a marketing effort to lure people to watch some basketball.
4			business	privacy	technology	internet	tech	google	money			techs can't find hangover cure there's plenty of good news out there in the technology sector, particularly when it comes to e commerce powerhouses like ebay and amazon, and portals like yahoo.
4			computer	linux	java	software	unix	technology	system	windows			novell restructures away from netware novell has been playing management musical chairs as it distances itself as a purveyor of netware and transforms itself into a flogger of linux and high end systems.
1			politics	election	congress	mr	gov	delay			delay, republicans reverse indictment rule change u.s. house of representatives majority leader tom delay of texas got fellow republicans on monday to reverse a recent rule change that would have allowed him to keep his leadership post even if indicted.
4			computer	programming	microsoft	technology	networking	security			squarespace lets users manage multi page web sites anthony casalena was 17 when he got his first job as a programmer for a start up called hyperoffice, a software company that makes e mail and contact management applications for the web. hired as an intern, he became a regular programmer after two weeks and rewrote the main product line.
2			coaching	baseball	espn	basketball	sport	boston	philadelphia	celtics	playoff	nba			boston celtics team report december 4 the boston celtics picked up a victory on friday evening against the toronto raptors. mark blount scored 22 points, paul pierce added 20, as the celtics edged toronto for a 91 89 victory at the fleetcenter.
2			coaching	baseball	statistics	espn	basketball	sport	recruiting	football	texas	competition			tcu, louisville try to leave c usa champs tcu helped change the bowl championship series, even though its season ended at home. the horned frogs won their first 10 games last season, and reached sixth in the bcs standings, the highest ranking for a team not in one of the bcs conferences. a loss at southern miss ended tcu's bid of becoming the first bcs outsider to break into a big money bowl game. that also cost the frogs the conference usa title and sent them to the inaugural fort worth bowl.
4			windows	computer	software	privacy	microsoft	technology	money	security	linux			xp price cut may be just the beginning a tiny yet important crack has opened, with little notice, in the great windows monopoly that surrounds personal computing.
4			developer	linux	java	technology	evolution	development	security	windows			mozilla nears firefox finale with a preview of firefox 1.0 ready for release, the open source development group says it is also preparing for a grassroots marketing push.
4			politics	science	computer	privacy	technology	energy	innovation	money	security			the next big thing for government in a discussion that lasted for more than an hour, experts batted around a multitude of ideas that included wireless technology and the reason it will be so big, information security and assurance, and how to deal with budget tightening.
4			dell	software	microsoft	technology	hp	system	networking	ibm	linux			dell, microsoft partner up the companies are integrating dell openmanage 4 systems management software with microsoft systems management server sms 2003 to unify the tools needed to update system software, operating systems os and applications to one interface that customers
2			baseball	history	sport	football	fame	something	feat			red sox 's feat: as far back as i can remember in the world of sports, when a great feat is accomplished, sometimes it takes a while for everything to set in and for people to gain a full appreciation for what just transpired.
4			computer	china	technology	company	tech	innovation	ibm	corporation	industry			ibm chief sees global tech spending rise companies will spend more money next year on information technology and other capital investments compared with 2004, the chief executive of the world's biggest computer company, ibm corp, said on friday.
4			computer	europe	privacy	technology	copyright	innovation	patent			it firms call for patent protection in eu a group of some of the world's leading it and telecommunications companies have warned that europe could become a haven for plagiarism if the european parliament fails to agree to allow patent protection for inventions implemented by computer.
3			revenue	ceo	airline	aviation	sale	shareholder	finance	money	earnings			american express posts 14 percent profit gain american express reported revenue was $ 7.2 billion, up 12 percent from $ 6.4 billion in the third quarter of 2003. shares were up 16 cents at $ 51.
4			electronics	computer	manufacturing	technology	marketing	innovation	printing			the end user: what price cheaper ink? one measure of how much consumer technology you can get for the buck, yen or euro is today 's lowly printer. the reproduction capability of basic inkjet models that can be had for well under 200, or even
3			search	business	technology	evolution	marketing	competition			technology to drive changes in search engine marketing technology to drive changes in search engine marketing the coming years will be much more interesting as the business of search transits from its adolescence into adulthood. search engine marketing has matured and is now viewed as an important component in mainstream marketing. the environment is going to change becoming more ...
1			politics	election	history	war	democracy	aviation	warfare	conflict	terrorism	africa			ivory coast troops clash with rebels rebel fighters clashed with government troops, and warplanes struck rebel positions in the north yesterday, escalating hostilities a day after army hard liners broke a cease fire and relaunched ivory coast's civil war after more than a year of relative peace.
4			network	mobility	sport	wireless	technology	innovation	networking	patent	competition			idf: dueling ultrawideband teams to push ahead backers of two different types of uwb ultrawideband networks next week will announce moves toward consumer products that use the short range wireless technology.
3			business	prosperity	greed	growth	finance	profit	wealth	money			us bound news corp posts strong q1 profits media giant news corp today posted a 27 rise in first quarter net profit today, prompting chief rupert murdoch to declare that the us bound company is on the cusp of a new era of prosperity.
1			politics	diplomacy	history	diplomat	war	democracy	china	peace	strategy	terrorism			american diplomatic drive comes up short bush administration persistence in using diplomacy to solve a nuclear weapons crisis with north korea is coming up short as the insular regime bobs and weaves away from resuming negotiations.
4			windows	product	electronics	computer	battery	television	sale	technology	tv	toy			tvs, cameras top holiday plans the consumer electronics association predicts solid growth in gadget sales this year.
3			trend	biotechnology	company	stock	finance	profit	research	money			amgen quarterly profit falls amgen inc. , the world's biggest biotechnology company, on wednesday reported a lower third quarter profit related to the acquisition of another biotech company.
2			jazz	sport	music	football	entertainment	money	talent	musicians			musicians are making tracks to video games winning a spot on madden nfl's soundtrack is a new route to an old audience, as sure a bet as any when it comes to grabbing a prized demographic.
2			boxing	baseball	television	basketball	sport	nfl	football	tv	softball			crass interference or no flag? whatever you do, don 't ask colts coach tony dungy, are you ready for some football? . dungy lambasted abc, the nfl and the eagles for the cross promotion of the network 's new hit show desperate housewives
4			industry	pc	computer	business	microsoft	technology	ibm	pcs	linux			ibm reportedly puts pc business on the market ibm, whose first pc in 1981 moved personal computing out of the hobby shop and into the corporate and consumer mainstream, has put the business up for sale, people close to the negotiations said thursday.
4			virus	hacking	threat	software	privacy	technology	vulnerability	attack	security			mcafee's trojan horse error gets developer's goat a software developer whose program was accidentally labeled a threat is considering action against the antivirus company.
4			computer	hacking	conspiracy	software	technology	fraud	terrorism	patent	security			spyware case hits us court the us federal trade commission has filed america 's first case against software companies accused of infecting computers with intrusive spyware and then trying to sell people the solution.
3			trading	share	investing	company	stock	market	finance	money	security			stocks: shares gain as deals encourage investors new york us stocks rose monday after the software maker peoplesoft accepted oracle 's buyout offer and data showed better than expected november retail sales, signaling an uptick in consumer spending.
3			business	ceo	technology	oracle	strategy	innovation	email	leadership			peoplesoft reject final oracle offer the board concluded that peoplesoft is worth substantially more than oracle 's latest offer. we are a vibrant, strong company with a focused, motivated management
2			coaching	baseball	history	statistics	basketball	sport	football	time	competition	money			diamondbacks face tumultuous offseason a season that went from bad to historically awful is mercifully over, and the arizona diamondbacks are facing an offseason that will determine the team's course toward respectability.
2			politics	baseball	sport	football	something	thing	everything			for better or worse, college football needs fighting irish to be ... those domeheads hungering for further indication that their notre dame heroes are marching back toward prosperity needed only to check in on fighting irish head coach tyrone willingham 's weekly press conference to learn that things indeed are heading in
4			manufacturing	chip	technology	patent	semiconductor	ibm	silicon	industry			sia: chip growth slowed in august industry analysts have served notice that the double digit growth of the pc industry is slowing, which has already had an effect on the growth rates of the chip industry, according to the semiconductor industry association.
4			computer	linux	unix	storage	technology	networking	ibm	computing	windows			idc: external disk storage up worldwide sales hit a new multibillion high; emc passes hewlett packard for first place.
1			election	politics	controversy	democracy	polling	islam	religion	terrorism	media			religious groups compete to court voters in voter registration drives, sermons and voter guides, religious groups from across the ideological spectrum have intensified the level of their political activity this year, prompted in part by right left culture clashes and the legacy of the tight presidential race in 2000.
4			windows	electronics	battery	computer	electricity	microsoft	technology	networking	linux			dell adapters a flaming hit the computer company recalls nearly a 1 million power adapters that could start fires. also: microsoft continues pursuit towards the computer television hellip;. nextel rsquo;s phone is a mapquest in your hand hellip;. and more.
2			politics	baseball	statistics	soccer	sport	football	brazil	fifa	money			soccer: larsson leaves celtic a calling card as barca rolls we do not have to believe every cynic who says that all the great players are mercenaries who flit like butterflies through the big money clubs of the champions league.
1			election	politics	australia	democracy	bush	strategy	money			election waiting game continues opposition leader mark latham says he is ready for an election campaign if the prime minister calls one. mr howard flew into canberra from launceston yesterday and reportedly spent the afternoon locked in talks with senior advisers.
3			job	trading	economics	company	option	stock	market	money	industry			stocks may open lower on jobs report u.s. stocks are seen flat to slightly lower at the open monday as investors grapple with friday's disappointing jobs report...
2			politics	baseball	chicago	fan	sport	boston	football	detroit			thechat em after w.a.s.p. rocker and yankees fan blackie lawless sneered at red sox fans in this space, we figured it was time to find a hard core red sox rooter. and who better than ken casey of the dropkick murphys, the punk rock irish folk band whose tessie a remake of an early 20th century boston anthem, with backup vocals from johnny damon, bronson arroyo and lenny dinardo has become de rigueur listening in the fens? the murphys are headlining today's scheduled playoff rally at fenway park.
1			election	politics	polling	syria	iran	islam	iraq	candidate	religion			shiites list candidates for iraq election under the guidance of iraq's most powerful shiite cleric, shiite parties presented a list thursday of 228 candidates for next month's parliamentary elections. minority sunni arabs, who had been favored under saddam hussein, must now decide whether to join the race or renounce a vote that will help determine the country's future.
4			wikipedia	technology	tech	innovation	research	google			tech pros on what google ipo means for silicon valley the initial public offering of internet search leader google riveted the attention of the technology world and served as a reminder that silicon valley remains a unique place in the business world.
4			computer	technology	book	google	money			google planning big things with books and gmail google has not had anything big for us since it went public some time ago. now, it is back with some news that could worry biggies like amazon and barnes and noble.
4			computer	linux	software	unix	microsoft	technology	silicon	security	windows			sun sets sights on low end market after years of battling microsoft corp., sun microsystems inc. has set its sights on linux vendors, seeking to jump into a low end but high volume market it's been accused of ignoring.
2			sport	football	coach	maryland	quarterback			starting lineup br em while the late season efforts of such texans as president bush and roger clemens provide for riveting tv, the even more exciting maryland n.c. state game put us in mind of some other lone star staters zz top. goodness, wolfpack coach chuck amato...
2			medal	doping	olympics	athletics	sport	competitor	competition			hamm should hold onto gold athletes are marinated in preparation for years, and grilled in harsh evaluation or simply bask in recognition for decades. and during competition, each competitor can handle no more than the prescribed circumstances.
4			electronics	computer	device	chip	hardware	budget	technology	performance	pcs			amd releases budget notebook chips advanced micro devices has started to ship the sempron 3000 chip for budget notebooks.
4			network	ethernet	technology	company	communication	telecommunication	networking	industry			nortel upgrades communication technology networking provider upgrades a slew of products so large companies can better connect their workers.
1			politics	election	autonomy	democracy	corruption	russia	ukraine	independence			ukraine's unity is under threat by vote impasse as many as 3,500 officials voted to seek autonomy if the opposition continues to seek the presidency for viktor a. yushchenko.
3			revenue	company	finance	money	earnings	industry			vivendi universal raises profit forecast vivendi universal raised its 2004 earnings forecast as it reported a 19 percent increase in underlying third quarter profit on wednesday, driven mainly by strong mobile phone sales.
3			income	business	revenue	stock	growth	finance	profit	money	recession			state street profit lower job cuts coming financial services company state street corp. stt.n: quote, profile, research on tuesday said quarterly profit fell more than wall street had expected as foreign
4			computer	business	technology	microsoft	trust	advertising	money	security			microsoft's open sesame moment when you're a company under the watchful eye of governments around the globe for being the 800 pound gorilla of the computer industry, it helps to play nice.
2			coaching	baseball	hockey	basketball	sport	recruiting	football	washington	connecticut			four huskies suspended for unsanctioned summer play four washington players will miss the season opener against seattle pacific after being suspended for playing in unsanctioned summer games a secondary ncaa rules violation.
4			cable	electricity	privacy	technology	broadband	internet	power	telecommunication	energy	utility			broadband: more power to you federal regulators adopt rules aimed at enticing utilities to offer internet service over power lines. but experts say it'll be several years before many people will get broadband from their electrical outlets. michael grebb reports from washington.
4			industry	electronics	computer	hardware	software	technology	tech	security	linux			sun: we ve turned over a new leaf com september 21, 2004, 10:08 am pt. with the economy slowly turning up, upgrading hardware has been on businesses radar in the past 12 months as their number two priority.
2			ecuador	baseball	game	gaming	sport	football	chess	networking			photo 2 of 8: global gamers clash for cash $ 2.5 million in prize money is on the line as gamers from uzbekistan to ecuador compete in the world cyber games.
4			radio	network	telecom	technology	internet	broadband	wireless	telecommunication	networking			there's gold in that there dead air at a time when the nation's wireless companies are increasingly desperate for more airwaves to serve its customers, little known nextwave telecom inc. has networks up and running in 26 markets but has never served a single paying customer.
3			job	contract	manufacturing	efficiency	company	strategy	corporation	competition	cost	industry			colgate palmolive to cut 4440 jobs colgate palmolive is to cut about 4,440 jobs 12 per cent of the workforce and close roughly one third of its factories amid fierce competition from procter gamble.
4			chip	hardware	software	technology	networking	intel	linux			briefly: microsoft iptv to woo swiss test group roundup plus: sony speeds up memory stick touts one week, 1 million songs...chipmaker fujitsu prepares wimax chip.
4			electronics	computer	game	movie	software	music	technology	video	audio			music handhelds are going visual hand held entertainment gizmos don 't just play music anymore. they have morphed into general purpose devices that display photos on full color screens and, in some cases, even play video.
4			application	software	automation	system	development	ibm	hr	productivity	industry			ibm, borland upgrade developer tools ibm and borland have both upgraded their development platforms to focus more on business process automation.
4			computer	linux	software	privacy	technology	microsoft	internet	email	windows			service pack 2: it 's in the mail japanese consumers will be spared the agony of downloading microsoft 's internet connection throttling service pack 2 they ll be able to pick up a free cd containing the software at their local post office.
3			investor	ceo	speculation	investing	company	stock	finance	competition	money			kmart at new high; price target raised shares of kmart holding corp. hit an all time high on tuesday after an analyst raised his price target on the stock to 101 from 85 a share.
2			michael	history	statistics	baseball	basketball	sport	football	revenge			vick shatters eli s debut dreams michael vick did enough to make sure that eli manning 's first start as the quarterback of the new york giants did not have a fairytale ending.
1			politics	history	war	combat	vietnam	conflict	strategy			shellshock wins 'nam battle a current slew of games suggest that the vietnam war is the conflict of the moment, with conflict: vietnam and shellshock: nam '67 out this week.
3			business	ceo	trend	stock	growth	finance	profit	money	earnings			fedex profit jumps, outlook is raised fedex corp. , the world's top air express shipper, on thursday said quarterly profit more than tripled on strength in its international, ground and freight businesses, and the company raised its full year earnings forecast.
4			computer	network	mobility	ethernet	usb	technology	wireless	networking	email	windows			product review: smc 2804wbrp g wireless barricade g router smc's new 802.11g wireless router likely will spark considerable interest because of its inclusion of a usb print server. this feature is attractive to residential households or small businesses that would like to use a single printer across multiple computers.
1			election	politics	rating	australia	race	polling	leadership			australian pm confident in final election week the final week of australia's october 9 election began with conservative prime minister john howard confident of winning a fourth term and opposition leader mark latham embracing the underdog tag.
2			coaching	basketball	sport	rule	football	training	coach	competition			coach is breaking rules this is a great operation with virtually no competition. don't let this one slip by.
4			electronics	business	gaming	wireless	marketing	technology	tech	innovation	networking	industry			ctia buzzers the first two days at the ctia wireless it entertainment show in san francisco this week resonated with exciting industry announcements that some attendees say hasnt been seen in previous years.
4			safety	application	privacy	technology	networking	security			sybase looks ahead to rfid the database and mobile software company is set to reveal details on updates to its flagship products and outline rfid plans.
4			computer	graphic	mac	hardware	technology	apple	macintosh	ai			apple unveils imac g5 just unveiled at apple expo paris, the machine is indeed an all in one device that integrates the system into the display unit as per the original imac but to an extent discarded with the second generation, angle poise design.
2			america	baseball	history	hockey	basketball	sport	football	canada			game plan falls short the finality of losing usually leaves the vanquished searching for answers. not the united states hockey team.
4			trend	technology	company	option	growth	innovation	change	industry			bearingpoint may strive for adaptability company's interim leader acknowledges criticism by investors and analysts that the company has been slow to adapt to changes in the market in recent years.
4			zoom	graphic	technology	screen	color	camera	design	windows			sharp brings 3d to pcs, without the funny specs firm brings tech already used in phones and laptops to desktops. screen creates different pixel images for each eye.
3			business	ceo	sale	management	marketing	company	growth	finance	competition	industry			bowser sales pump coles shares in coles myer raced to another record high yesterday as chief executive john fletcher forecast double digit sales growth for 2004 05 after a barnstorming start to the financial year.
4			dell	linux	manufacturing	hardware	technology	enterprise	manufacturer	hp	industry			dell cuts prices on enterprise hardware dell has cut prices on a number of products geared to enterprises. the poweredge 4600 dual processor server price tag has been trimmed by about 22 percent, now starting as low as $ 4,194.
4			electronics	lcd	battery	graphic	privacy	technology	patent			honeywell sues apple, others over lcd patent honeywell announced late wednesday it has filed a lawsuit against apple, and 33 other electronics companies claiming claiming infringement of a liquid crystal display lcd patent.
2			kid	baseball	sport	yankee			we've seen this swat team before if you're old enough to think you may have seen a yankee lineup like this before, you have.
4			computer	application	device	technology	storage	patent	memory	computing			nec, toshiba claim memory breakthrough companies are developing mram, which could be used in portable electronic devices.
4			glass	blind	mobility	vision	technology	photography			street smarts: a device to help the blind find crosswalks an electronic eye that can be fitted to a pair of glasses could help the blind cross roads more safely.
3			company	ft	finance	money	inc	industry			whirlpool 3q profit falls 4 percent home appliance maker whirlpool corp. on wednesday said third quarter earnings fell, hurt by raw material cost increases and high oil prices, and guided its annual earnings estimate lower.
2			concussion	baseball	hockey	espn	basketball	sport	boston	football			smith probable for eagles' season opener injured junior forward craig smith appears probable, while the status of suspended senior guard jermaine watson remains uncertain for boston college's basketball season opener against the university of maine tonight at 7:30 at conte forum, according to a school official.
2			school	athletics	sport	race	swimming	teaching	education	cycling			uk teacher wins us ultra marathon a cornish teacher claims one of sport's endurance crowns by winning a 3,100 mile race across the us.
2			coaching	baseball	basketball	sport	recruiting	football	player	coach	connecticut			coach to clash with former point guard geno auriemma has coached many great players while turning connecticut into a five time national champion. he will coach against one of them for the first time tuesday night.
4			windows	computer	linux	hardware	software	technology	licensing	patent	security	server			microsoft sets licensing policy for new chips microsoft corp. on tuesday agreed to require only a single license for server software that runs on computers powered by a new generation of chips that squeeze multiple processors into a single package.
4			wikipedia	computer	technology	internet	something	networking			somebody else 's spam a few weeks back i spent three days locked up in a room full of internet experts, pioneers, and thinkers to contemplate the question of how to prevent what the conference 's convenors grandly called the internet meltdown . i was hoping for a particularly ...
4			electronics	pc	dell	computer	linux	software	technology	pcs	windows			dell unveils hat trick of products the pc maker is gearing up for the fall with new printers, tvs and a spiced up desktop.
2			cuba	boxing	baseball	doping	olympics	basketball	athletics	sport	athlete	tennis			sports: sanchez wins 400 hurdles athens, greece the dominican republic has its first olympic gold medal. felix sanchez won the men 's 400 meter hurdles in 47 point 63 seconds.
4			arm	intel	technology	energy	innovation	patent	silicon	security			arm buys artisan with the acquisition of artisan, arm will be able to deliver a broad portfolio of system on chip intellectual property to its customers, says arm chief executive warren east.
3			business	trend	sale	marketing	growth	shopping	fashion	retail	diversity			charming shoppes looking better if lane bryant continues to perform, the retailer's shares should continue their rise.
3			politics	beijing	business	trade	china	strategy	finance	money			business deals a highlight of chirac 's beijing trip business opportunities in one of the world 's fastest growing economies dominated the agenda yesterday as french president jacques chirac met chinese premier wen jiabao and top legislator wu bangguo the no.
4			windows	application	software	privacy	technology	microsoft	security	linux			microsoft to release new windows in '06 microsoft corp. will drop a much touted new technology for organizing and storing data when it releases the next version of its windows operating system as expected in 2006.
4			laptop	computer	fingerprint	technology	ibm	email	computing			ibm laptop features fingerprint scanner ibm announced on monday the launch of a new line of thinkpad notebooks designed to provide an extra layer of data protection through advanced fingerprint technology.
1			politics	election	democracy	iran	iraq	candidate	terrorism	afghanistan			karzai takes early lead as vote counting begins interim leader hamid karzai was strongly favored in early results from the vote count of afganistan 's landmark presidential ballot yesterday as elections workers took a break to mark the beginning of the islamic holy month of ramadan.
4			computer	linux	manufacturing	storage	technology	performance	memory	intel	security	reliability			intel pulls plug on 4 gigahertz chip in recent months, intel delayed several chips and recalled other, defective ones. it overestimated demand, thereby causing an inventory glut.
4			electronics	battery	computer	electricity	device	charging			apple recalls batteries in g4 laptops apple computer inc. on thursday recalled the batteries used in 15 inch powerbook g4 computers, due to an internal short that can cause the batteries to overheat and pose a fire hazard to consumers.
4			electronics	itunes	ipod	music	technology	innovation	apple			ipod rivals square off against apple the next wave of ipod competitors is coming.
4			integrating	product	business	integrate	collaboration	integration	integrated	merger			business integration glossary this comprehensive glossary provides a definition of terms related to business integration
1			election	politics	australia	voting	parliament	voter			john howard 1st iraq invader to face vote prime minister john howard will become the first of three allied leaders who launched the us led invasion of iraq to face voters, having announced sunday that australians will go to the polls on oct. 9. the
4			connectivity	ethernet	technology	option	cisco	pricing	patent	availability	security			cisco expands router offerings with bcn buy cisco will pay approximately us $ 34 million in cash for all outstanding equity interests of bcn. in addition, the acquisition price may be increased by as much as $ 122 million depending on
4			electronics	wired	chip	intel	wireless	technology	networking	silicon	linux			intel seen readying new wi fi chips intel corp. this week is expected to introduce a chip that adds support for a relatively obscure version of wi fi, analysts said on monday, in a move that could help ease congestion on wireless networks.
3			baseball	business	marketing	fun	profit	competition	money	earnings			kreme filled earnings krispy kreme shareholders hope for a break from the badness in this week's earnings report.
3			revenue	sale	company	performance	growth	finance	profit	japan	industry			toshiba returns to profitability toshiba corp., the japanese electronics and computer maker, said friday it posted a profit in the first half of its fiscal year, rebounding from losses last year on restructuring and rising sales of digital video recorders, semiconductor memory chips and personal computers. it boosted its forecast for the year.
4			manufacturing	technology	company	tech	innovation	ibm	computing	industry			ibm 's profit growth shows tech recovery hanging on ibm, a barometer of trends in the computing business, has reported a solid quarterly performance that pointed to modest if uneven improvement in the corporate technology sector.
3			trend	sale	inventory	marketing	stock	profit	research			nordstrom profit soars in quarter, but not enough for wall st. nordstrom reported a strong second quarter profit as it continued to select more relevant inventory and sell more items at full price.
4			privacy	technology	economics	tech	copyright	innovation	patent	education	industry			state cancels two technology contracts the state technology office plans to cancel two multimillion dollar contracts, now that several investigations have discovered two companies were given unfair advantages.
3			politics	job	employee	business	tax	profit	change	money			king 5 owner belo plans to cut jobs belo corp. said yesterday that it would cut 250 jobs, more than half of them at its flagship newspaper, the dallas morning news, and that an internal investigation into circulation overstatements
4			electronics	battery	computer	television	technology	marketing	car	pricing	consumer			flat sales force price cut for flat panel monitors of all the things folks love about consumer electronics, constantly falling prices probably ranks right up there with big screen televisions and mp3 players.
3			politics	business	investment	investing	technology	company	growth	finance	money			baystar begins selling sco stock investment fund sells hundreds of thousands of shares, but still has major stake and voice in sco's future.
4			privacy	technology	innovation	patent	blackberry	google	money	silicon			rim patent suit partly upheld a u.s. appeals court upheld a patent infringement finding against blackberry e mail device maker research in motion ltd. on tuesday, but said part of an earlier court ruling was flawed and sent the case back to a lower court.
3			travel	business	tourism	marketing	company	advertising	competition	money	earnings			online travel sites post profits iac interactivecorp , owner of the online travel service , on wednesday posted a sharp rise in third quarter earnings, saying it kept marketing costs in check during the quarter to boost the bottom line.
4			authentication	security	privacy	technology	encryption	networking	surveillance			wi fi security update wpa2 wi fi protected access products, both access points and client air cards, will soon be flooding the market. this uses the advanced encryption standard aes which is compliant with the fips140 2 government security requirements.
1			politics	election	government	taxation	budget	tax	spending	finance			tomball city council approves budget tomball city council approved a $ 40.5 million budget tuesday that entails utility rate hikes and pay raises but no increase in the property tax rate.
2			coaching	espn	mr	football			shockey unhappy with himself, not coach jeremy shockey yesterday reiterated his comments from wednesday about his frustration with his role but denied he was insinuating that he is unhappy with how giants coach tom coughlin is using him.
1			election	america	politics	democracy	kerry	money			in ad 2004 second term was beginning. kerry what happen ? edwards somebody set up us the bomb. edwards we get ohio exit poll. kerry what you say?! edwards fox news turn on. kerry it's you !! bush how are you gentlemen !!? bush all your ballots are belong to us. bush you are on the way to election defeat. kerry what you say !!? bush you have no chance to win make your time. bush ha ha ha ha .... aminorex take off, every zogby aminorex for great justice thanks coderman and inforanarchy!
2			pittsburgh	statistics	giant	sport	football	player	quarterback	stats			today's nfl games pittsburgh at ny giants time: 1:30 p.m. line: steelers by 10. records: steelers 12 1, giants 5 8. vs. spread: steelers 10 1 2, giants 5 8. series: giants lead, 43 27 3. comments: think the giants knew ben roethlisberger was available on draft day when they broke the bank and traded for eli manning? . . all big ben has done this year is complete ...
4			hacking	chip	biotechnology	technology	privacy	fraud	drug	cancer	security	healthcare			fda approves use of chip in patients privacy advocates are concerned that an implantable microchip designed to help doctors tap into a patient's medical records could undermine confidentiality or could even be used to track the patient's movements.
2			baseball	injury	sport	football	cancer			stoutmire out for season with knee injury new york giants free safety omar stoutmire is going to miss the rest of the season with a knee injury. stoutmire, who started every game the last two years only to lose his job this
1			politics	election	privatization	democracy	economics	reform	corruption	criticism	ethics	politician			analysis:koizumi puts post reformers in key ldp executive posts they lack solid political bases and support from ruling party elders. one felt the wrath of voters just four years ago when he lost his diet seat.
4			grid	application	network	collaboration	project	ip	patent	research	competition	computing			major vendors explore grid frontiers while grid computing vendors sun and ibm are taking the reins of the utility computing market, the competition is collaborating to provide proof of concept projects to improve and showcase their services and offerings.
1			election	politics	democracy	corruption	instability	fraud	haiti	venezuela	resignation			haiti election panel in turmoil as head resigns the head of a panel organizing elections in haiti next year to replace ousted president jean bertrand aristide has resigned, warning that other panel members were trying to rig the ballot.
2			baseball	computer	game	television	gaming	sport	football	kid	entertainment	fun			title work to do put on the hard hats, get the electricity flowing, and prepare to watch two games that have been works in progress for a while.
4			electronics	computer	printer	manufacturing	technology	innovation	hp	patent	printing			hp shows new inkjet, laser printers at techxny this week, hewlett packard reminded business users that it is still an active innovator in printers and imaging devices.
3			job	business	ceo	economics	company	bank	finance	bloomberg	money	banking			bank of america to cut 4,500 more jobs bank of america corp. bac.n: quote, profile, research on thursday said it would increase the number of jobs it will cut by 36 percent to 17,000 after its acquisition of fleetboston financial as it simplifies operations.
3			trading	share	business	shareholder	company	stock	corporation			stocks to watch san francisco among the companies whose shares are likely to see active trading in friday 's session are genuine parts co.
2			concussion	baseball	injury	saint	sport	nfl	football			new orleans saints it was supposed to be chris simms not brian griese to stop the bleeding in tampa bay. in relief duty of simms, who was injured in the first quarter of his first nfl start, griese
3			trading	share	electricity	shareholder	company	stock	energy	common			cms to offer shares to public cms energy announced today the company intends to offer 22 million shares of common stock to the public. the underwriters will be granted an option to purchase an additional 3.3 million common
3			business	royalty	lawyer	drug	money			king, knave, or village idiot? troubled king pharmaceuticals' latest accounting woes threaten to scuttle its merger with mylan.
4			network	connectivity	ethernet	technology	wireless	cisco	networking	switch	linux			force10 aims to blow ethernet rivals away start up's new high end ethernet switches promise better port density, a challenge to second tier sellers or maybe to cisco?
2			coaching	baseball	espn	basketball	sport	recruiting	football	alabama	texas	georgia			west virginia invited to gator bowl again it looks like west virginia will be headed to the gator bowl, again. following consecutive losses that dropped them out of the national rankings, the mountaineers 8 3, 4
1			election	america	abortion	politics	democrat	ohio	voter	fraud	republican			kerry lawyer seeks ohio ballot inspection democrat john kerry is asking county elections officials to allow his witnesses to inspect the 92,000 ballots cast in ohio in which no vote for president was recorded, a kerry lawyer said sunday night.
3			business	ceo	scandal	fraud	finance	bankruptcy	money	resignation			maxtor 's tufano resigns as ceo, president computer disk drive maker maxtor corp. mxo.n: quote, profile, research on monday said paul tufano has resigned as chief executive, president and acting chief financial officer, less
4			windows	hardware	software	unix	system	networking	security	linux			symantec readies patching tool on ipatch monitors, ensures networked windows systems are current in midsize businesss.
1			politics	election	controversy	israel	history	terrorism			the palestinian struggle is greater than arafat the palestinian struggle for freedom and independence is larger than the late president yasser arafat. the decades long symbolism that arafat embodied should not be underestimated.
3			manufacturing	sale	marketing	option	target	growth	distribution	retail	logistics			dekalb wins new target center target corp. monday said it plans to build a regional distribution center in dekalb its first in illinois and employ up to 1,000 workers thanks to a $ 9.
4			electronics	tariffs	privatization	taiwan	technology	infrastructure	telecommunication	cost	industry			ntt: trillions of yen for upgrades nippon telegraph and telephone, japan 's largest telephone company, plans to spend 5 trillion yen $ 47 billion over the next several years to replace its copper data transmission lines with faster fiber optic lines, according to
2			concussion	coaching	baseball	basketball	rehabilitation	sport	football			munoz recovering from a concussion tennessee senior offensive tackle michael munoz has been plagued by lingering effects from a concussion suffered last week in the alabama game.
3			business	option	fraud	bankruptcy	rs	competition	industry			interstate bakeries hires turnaround firm interstate bakeries corp. ibc.n , maker of wonder bread and hostess twinkies, on monday said it hired a turnaround firm and delayed filing its annual report with the u.s. securities and exchange commission.
4			computer	hacking	privacy	hacker	technology	terrorism	bug	security	linux			hackers pull out nasty trick from hat an e mail that tricks linux users to download a fake update from red hats security team is currently doing the rounds of the internet.
4			laptop	computer	privacy	car	technology	money	linux			mike s mailbag i ve received lots of e mail from readers who disagreed with my dissing of the combination laptop and tablet pc i reviewed tuesday catch up online at
1			election	britain	politics	israel	labour	democracy	religion	terrorism			sharon invites labour to join coalition israeli prime minister ariel sharon asked the dovish labour party to join his ruling coalition today, a move that greatly bolsters his chances for carrying out plans to withdraw from the gaza strip next year.
4			accelerate	fast	timing	technology	acceleration	performance	speed	intel	linux			intel sets cruise control on pentium 4 intel corp. president and chief operating officer paul otellini served notice at the company's recent developer conference that the megahertz era was coming to a close, and the decision thursday to remove the 4ghz pentium 4 processor from its road map is clear evidence that intel has once and for all kicked its speed habit, according to industry analysts.
4			electronics	device	connectivity	ethernet	usb	technology	wireless	networking	intel			centrino to connect with all wi fi standards new component will help next generation of intel's wireless chip technology reach full audience for wi fi.
4			network	connectivity	privacy	technology	wireless	innovation	networking	patent	competition			will expand beyond's patents lead to new partnerships? wireless software provider expand beyond has been awarded 46 patents for its wireless monitoring and management software what will that mean for the company?
4			grid	network	collaboration	technology	infrastructure	patent	google	computing	linux			grid pioneers launch company the creators of the globus open source grid software formally launched software and services company univa on monday with the hopes of capitalizing on their work on grid computing.
2			coaching	espn	volleyball	basketball	sport	football	bruno	coach			depaul signs women 's basketball coach to contract extension after leading the depaul women 's basketball team to ncaa tournament appearances the past two seasons, doug bruno has been rewarded with a contract extension, the school announced tuesday.
4			electronics	computer	television	technology	display	tech	japan	tv			techbrief: japan pact on tv displays hitachi, matsushita electric industrial and toshiba have struck a deal to jointly make displays for flat screen televisions, starting as early as july 2006, the japanese companies said tuesday.
4			network	technology	telecom	company	internet	broadband	telecommunication	consumer			at t creates local net telephony plan telecommunications giant tries to attract consumers who make few long distance calls with a $ 20 per month local plan.
4			battery	electronics	electricity	device	technology	nokia	phone			nokia to put holograms on batteries nokia, the world 's largest handset maker plans to mark its original batteries with a hologram as part of the fight against unsafe, counterfeit mobile phone batteries some of which have exploded in users hands.
4			computer	computing	hardware	privacy	technology	economics	security	linux			panel urges washington to finance fast computer the panel of scientists also warned of a looming imbalance between hardware and software technology in high performance computing.
3			business	constellation	technology	bankruptcy	logo	competition			constellation bids $ 970 mln for mondavi constellation brands inc. stz.n: quote, profile, research on tuesday said it launched an unsolicited $ 970 million offer for robert mondavi corp.
2			coaching	baseball	cheating	espn	basketball	sport	recruiting	football	coach	money			ohio state bans postseason basketball ohio state imposed a one year ban on postseason play by its men's basketball team in response to 6,000 the university said former coach jim o'brien gave a recruit who never played for the school.
3			investor	trend	investment	investing	company	growth	finance	money			q3 venture capital investment down 4, survey says us venture capital investment and number of deals were down 4 percent with $ 4.56 billion invested in 467 deals in typical third quarter slow down, according to the quarterly venture capital report released by ernst young and ventureone
4			hacking	network	web	technology	internet	terrorism	security			a web wise terror network gordon corera looks at how osama bin laden's terror network has made the most of modern communications.
1			politics	news	election	circulation	corruption	scandal	greed	money	newspaper	journalism			circulation scandal to cost tribune co. the tribune co., publishers of new york newsday and the spanish language hoy, will spend up to $ 60 million to pay settlements in a circulation scandal.
4			electricity	manufacturing	c	ca	biotechnology	technology	power	patent	industry			celestica selling power systems division to c technologies celestica inc. is selling its power systems business to c technologies, a pennsylvania based company which will keep the 160 people employed at the division as part of a strategic expansion of its own business.
1			politics	abortion	america	history	election	violence	democracy	money			so what happened in that election, anyhow? no consensus exists among democrats about why john kerry was defeated, and the party is locked in a battle of interpretation over just what went wrong.
2			coaching	baseball	florida	miami	espn	volleyball	basketball	sport	football	quarterback			raising canes in acc title chase the miami football team isn 't out of the race for the atlantic coast conference title yet. running back frank gore had 28 carries for 195 yards, and quarterback brock berlin completed 18
2			baseball	statistics	giant	espn	basketball	sport	nfl	football	quarterback	stats			giants shake favre giants tailback tiki barber rushes for 182 yards and packer quarterback brett favre suffers a concussion in green bay's 14 7 defeat by new york.
1			election	politics	government	democracy	china	corruption	party			china party chief rules out multi party democracy chinese communist party chief hu jintao ruled out multi party democracy on wednesday on the eve of a key meeting aimed at tightening the party 's grip on power.
1			election	politics	australia	immigration	strategy	age	policy	media			australian pm outlines softer image for fourth term australian prime minister john howard outlined his vision for a fourth term as a new poll showed voters warming to the soft focus leadership of the opposition labor party's mark latham.
4			electronics	computer	itunes	music	technology	sound	audio			sonys walkman bows to mp3 format the company which invented the walkman and created a new niche with it has now got its ear to the ground. the latest walkman music player to emerge from their workshop seems to be a hybrid of sorts.
4			politics	computer	volume	technology	economics	tech	energy	money	industry			stocks end up; techs gain on light volume u.s. blue chips closed at six week highs on friday, helped by reassuring consumer confidence data and a bounce in technology stocks, but volume was extremely thin before next week's republican convention in new york city.
3			product	application	business	java	software	ibm	sap	industry			new version of sap business one available german business software vendor sap ag is rolling out a new version of its sap business one software with several functions designed for small and medium size manufacturers.
2			baseball	cardinal	yankee	sport	football	money			sox study cardinals and see themselves the black t shirt might as well have been a billboard hanging in the boston red sox clubhouse. curt schilling paraded around with a shirt that said why not us?
4			electronics	computer	digital	technology	camera	photography	security			digital contenders all hotshots great digital cameras are in danger of becoming commodity items. after testing five high end devices, it was hard to recommend just one they could all do the job fine.
4			computer	manufacturing	privacy	technology	automation	information	innovation	change	productivity			coming: it that adapts to users' requirements the march of information technology into the workplace has been greeted with a mix of awe and resistance. for all their promise of productivity gains, computers, business software, and telecommunications gear have disrupted processes at the core of a company's identity.
4			coding	format	network	ethernet	protocol	standard	technology	encryption	networking			second hat in ring for faster wi fi standard a second consortium puts in a bid for the faster 802.11n spec. but don't expect a battle over formats.
4			engineering	leadership	management	technology	tech	finance	research	education	industry			foreign student enrollment declines engineering is among graduate fields with decline in new enrollment, a trend raising questions about u.s. tech leadership.
3			store	sale	technology	marketing	shopping	bankruptcy	retail			circuit city to stop selling t mobile circuit city stores inc. said it will halt sales of t mobile usa mobile phones and give the business solely to verizon wireless, its other current mobile phone partner, which will open in store sales counters.
4			radio	network	mobility	broadband	nokia	technology	wireless	networking			docomo hits 1 gbps wireless data speeds in 4g tests japanese wireless operator ntt docomo said friday that it has achieved wireless speeds in the laboratory of 1 gbps. the operator has said for more than a year that it is working on
2			medal	history	olympics	athletics	sport	athlete	rowing	competition	gymnastics			overlooked u.s. men's gymnasts take silver twenty years later, the boys are back on the medal stand. the american men's gymnastics program, long overlooked and often unappreciated, won olympic silver monday, capping a four year rebuilding project to take home a medal for the first time since the boycotted 1984 games.
2			baseball	basketball	sport	football	power	god	quarterback			nfl 's stroke of genius can be fleeting it wasn 't long ago that coach chucky was the most powerful man in football, able to freeze al davis with the flash of a cobalt glare.
2			australia	cycling	athletics	sport	golf	swimming	motorsport	event	racing			hamish carter wins men 's triathlon hamish carter of new zealand clinched the gold medal for men 's triathlon at the 2004 athens olympic games here thursday. carter won the three discipline event at 1 hour 51 minutes and 7.73 seconds.
3			business	investor	speculation	stock	bank	finance	google	money			uk 's hsbc eyes federated 's card operations report british bank hsbc hsba.l: quote, profile, research is interested in buying the $ 3 billion store and credit card operations of us retailer federated department stores inc.
4			electronics	chip	china	technology	japan	silicon	intel	industry			micron to build chip production plant in china micron ranks fourth in the chinese chip market, trailing hynix, samsung and infinitron, according to a report from the consulting firm ccid.
4			ethernet	technology	cisco	performance	telecommunication	networking	patent	reliability	linux			superwebinar: cisco 's 40 gig crs 1 light reading test results overview: this webinar will provide insight into the results of the first independent industry evaluation of cisco 's 40 gig core router, the carrier routing system crs 1 .
2			history	statistics	soccer	sport	football	hughes	wales	talent			legends remember bundle of joy emlyn hughes passion for football and for life will be the abiding memory of those who knew him. the former england and liverpool captain hughes, who died today aged 57, led the anfield side to two european
3			business	ceo	trend	sale	management	marketing	growth	finance	money			hilton heading higher the company reports improving fundamentals and posts a 79 increase in q3 earnings.
4			electronics	computer	device	chip	hardware	semiconductor	memory	silicon	computing			ultra tiny transistors won't be key to new pc performance gains chips have become so tiny that atomic level defects cause serious problems.
4			electronics	battery	electricity	technology	power	hydrogen	energy			fuel cell's got the power for 3g handsets ntt docomo unveils a prototype micro fuel cell that recharges mobile phones.
4			cluster	computer	linux	technology	orion	networking	ibm	computing	windows			new orion workstation puts cluster in a box a new company thinks it has the answer to the complaints of scientists and engineers looking for high performance computing hpc on the desktop. the orion cluster workstation packs the power of a pc cluster into a desktop size package using low power chips and an innovative motherboard design.
4			computer	revolution	technology	evolution	machinery	automation	machine	robot			sorting through all the scenarios though not nearly as entertaining, it continues the theme that machines can hold power over humans, even when the people are fighting to regain control.
4			product	electronics	computer	manufacturing	technology	innovation	hp	consumer	industry			hp unveils 25 fresh consumer electronics products hewlett packard on friday will launch 25 consumer products, part of its push toward digital entertainment as some of its other units struggle.
4			electronics	store	network	privacy	technology	wireless	shopping	networking	retail			circuit city to host verizon wireless stores circuit city stores inc. and verizon wireless signed an agreement to install verizon wireless stores in more than 570 circuit city superstores around the country, they said monday.
4			mobile	privacy	technology	marketing	messaging	email	phone			at t wireless sells dedicated messaging device at t wireless services inc. launches a mobile e mail and messaging device without voice service on monday, aiming to use a low price to tempt young consumers.
1			politics	war	violence	football	racism			right man, right time and only choice we ve had robbie savage 's rant and talk of a players mutiny over john toshack. we ve heard about a north south split on the faw.
4			privacy	technology	communication	messaging	email	phone			at release ogo at have finally released their ogo handset. the us $ 130 106 device is designed to do one thing well messaging. the ogo allows subscribers to send emails, instant messages and text messages, and that 's
4			analytics	technology	company	patent	google			google gets ipo green light from sec the u.s. securities and exchange commission sec on wednesday gave its approval for google to proceed with its initial public offering ipo .
2			statistics	basketball	sport	football	byu	number			redick, ewing each score 29, total 10 three pointers the question late in tuesday 's michigan state duke game became: would jj redick and daniel ewing wear down while the spartans depth became the difference?
4			politics	america	privacy	technology	internet	innovation	advertising	consumer	money			new aol ads revamp its image america online plans to begin a new ad campaign thursday with a redesigned logo and a fresh slogan, posed as a question to consumers: want a better internet?
4			industry	ibm	computer	manufacturing	technology	blade	server			ibm fashions new blades ibm nyse: ibm is upgrading its blade server line, taking the wraps off six new products in addition to rolling out features designed to improve the performance of bladecenter systems.
2			baseball	game	sport	rule	football	strategy	competition	money			but seriously folks you want answers and you want them now. the only thing is, four weeks of ludicrous exhibition games haven't told you anything. so here's some advice: take it slow, real slow.
1			politics	protest	democracy	protester	activist	demonstration			protests powered by cellphone a text messaging service is put into action to choreograph fast moving political protests.
3			revenue	business	technology	marketing	strategy	profit	finance	security			brief: i2 reports q3 profit although revenue slipped during the past quarter, rising software license sales and higher earnings have i2 technologies inc. officials hopeful about the future.
4			politics	computer	privacy	technology	company	tech	finance	innovation	money			if this is a tech rebound, pinch me knowledgewharton goes inside the it conundrum to examine why capital spending and corporate confidence remains low.
2			medal	hockey	australia	game	olympics	sport	rowing	swimming	canada			medal mania: canada picks up gold, silver and bronze on the water at the games athens cp canada had its biggest one day medal haul at the athens olympics on saturday, picking up a medal of every colour on the eve of the games finale.
2			doping	basketball	sport	golf	football	chess	switzerland	tennis			swiss pair eliminates holdren, metzger dax holdren could only watch helplessly as partner stein metzger made a desperate dive for the ball, screaming as if the noise could stop it from hitting the sizzling sand.
1			politics	election	controversy	history	democracy	rhetoric	strategy	debate	money			candidates gear up for crucial debates this fall's presidential debates will pit george w. bush's folksy manner and big picture brand of policymaking against john kerry's more cerebral outlook and nuanced world view. each is a proven debater who knows, only too well, what personal pitfalls to avoid: bush must stifle the smirk, for instance, and kerry must cut short his rhetorical rambling.
3			blade	manufacturing	business	technology	ibm	competition	industry			ibm slashes blade prices for smbs ibm on friday unveiled its lowest priced ever bladecenter chassis and a series of ready to go solutions, dubbed business in a box to push blades deeper into small and mid sized businesses smb .
4			mobility	intel	technology	networking	fusion	silicon	linux			intel offers few details on dual core plans intel corp. 's dual core strategy for mobile processors became a little clearer this week at the intel developer forum in san francisco, but questions remain
3			business	microsoft	company	oracle	ibm	google	industry			stocks rise, mergers, retail sales help us stocks added to earlier gains on monday after software maker peoplesoft inc. psft.o: quote, profile, research accepted rival oracle corp.
4			application	collaboration	privacy	technology	automation	patent	productivity	industry			hp ditches datacentre service for automation module hewlett packard will replace its hp ux utility datacentre udc service with a business automation module for openview, which it claims will let companies be more flexible.
2			politics	game	olympic	olympics	espn	sport	football	athlete	entertainment			olympics internet coverage disappoints the internet is good for getting results and learning the mechanics of obscure sports but it fails to capture the full glory and personalities that make the olympics so special.
1			election	politics	anwar	corruption	religion	malaysia	party			malaysia 's umno will not bring anwar back into party kuala lumpur : the umno supreme council on tuesday reached a decision not to bring back former deputy prime minister anwar ibrahim, who was umno deputy president, into the party for now.
1			election	abortion	politics	israel	violence	democracy	corruption	fraud	terrorism			sharon tells party rebels he 's not afraid of early elections israeli prime minister ariel sharon sent a stern warning to rebels in his likud party today, saying he would not hesitate to call early elections if they prevented him from bringing the moderate labour party into the government.
4			electronics	computer	device	software	technology	change	phone			treo 650 launched by palmone a finer, mellow blend of phone and pda, palmone launched the treo 650 in the us yesterday. there are changes on the outside and changes on the inside some cosmetic, some ergonomic, and some fundamentally technical.
1			truth	america	controversy	politics	election	bush	money			bush denounces ads by outside groups president bush on monday denounced campaign commercials aired by outside groups, including an ad that accuses john kerry of lying about his combat record in vietnam. that ad and every other ad run by such groups have no place in the campaign, bush said when asked about the commercial sponsored by swift boat veterans for truth that has roiled the race for the white house...
1			election	america	politics	democracy	strategy	money			column: game offers peek at presidential politics can't wait for the u.s. presidential election? think you can run a campaign better than the handlers for george w. bush or john f. kerry?
3			politics	business	ceo	economics	greed	profit	finance	money	leadership			business council: we got survey wrong chief executives in the u.s. are not as pessimistic as the business council thought last week when it issued its economic survey, the group said on tuesday, citing a tabulation error.
4			computer	printer	manufacturing	printing	publishing	technology	money	industry			lexmark loses ink cartridge battle printer makers can 't be very happy, as lexmark has just lost what could have been a landmark case for its profits and the future of printer ink cartridges.
4			processor	electronics	computer	graphic	hardware	technology	performance	intel	computing	linux			ati launches x850, x800 xl graphics processors ati today added the x850 series of graphics processors as a new high end version for its desktop product line. the x800 xl takes the x800 family to an entry level price point.
2			montreal	hockey	espn	soccer	sport	football	stadium	canada	toronto			report: argos settle on york u site the toronto argonauts are set to announce york university as the location of their new stadium, according to several published reports.
2			beijing	game	asia	olympic	olympics	volleyball	china	sport	athlete			china opens up for an olympian effort for most spectators in the olympic stadium, the lavish closing ceremony in athens last night was a chance to revel in the self congratulation and relief that traditionally comprise end of games euphoria.
3			politics	economy	inflation	business	ceo	economics	finance	money	recession	industry			us ceos less bullish about economy survey u.s. chief executives have become slightly less optimistic about the economy in the past quarter, but half plan to increase capital spending in the next six months, according to a survey released on wednesday.
4			mobility	india	biotechnology	technology	innovation	patent	industry			amd expands global reach to foster the rapid adoption of technology in high growth markets throughout the world, amd has unveiled a business strategy with initial participants in india, mexico and the caribbean to enable 50 percent of the world 's population with
4			computer	chip	intel	technology	apple	silicon	computing	linux			intel demos dual core, uncorks napa chipmaker's multiprocessing technology makes its stage debut, and intel looks to its next take on centrino.
4			computer	linux	engineering	intel	technology	patent	ai	silicon	computing	industry			intel acquires chip designers from hp intel corp. has reached an agreement to hire hundreds of hewlett packard co. engineers who helped design the itanium microprocessor, a massive joint project between the two technology companies since the early 1990s.
3			news	business	sale	money	selling			news: caller id spoofing service for sale the founder of a us caller id falsification service is selling up, just days after setting up in business.
4			virus	network	privacy	technology	vulnerability	encryption	worm	networking	security	linux			ibm, cisco tackle security's weak link companies expand security alliance to help businesses keep worms and viruses from getting onto networks.
4			computer	furniture	privacy	car	microsoft	technology	architecture	design	windows			is that a media center pc or an end table? design specialists dream up the unexpected to help microsoft get a foothold in the living room.
3			business	entrepreneur	technology	marketing	growth	innovation			practical advice for start ups, with a high tech angle in ''the art of the start, author guy kawasaki has accomplished something rare: he's written a how to business book that is simultaneously smart, practical, and fun to read. there's lots of useful information in this book for start up entrepreneurs.
4			computer	technology	power	performance	energy	ibm	research	computing	reliability			ibm supercomputer claims new record a $ us100 million $ a130 million supercomputer being built to analyse the us nuclear stockpile has again set an unofficial performance record the second in just over a month.
2			coaching	baseball	olympic	olympics	basketball	sport	football	hoop			us no show: teamwork when the nba began sending its players to the olympics in 1992, one of the league 's goals was to spread basketball around the globe. clearly, the idea worked.
3			business	sale	tax	company	profit	bankruptcy	toy	corporation	money			toys r us posts 2q profit, sales fall toys r us inc. swung to a profit in the second quarter from a loss a year ago, buoyed by a reversal of $ 200 million in income tax reserves.
4			cyber	computer	hacking	privacy	technology	vulnerability	terrorism	security			cybersecurity post needs a promotion, firms say the us government is not taking cybersecurity seriously enough and should spend more money and energy on the topic, a group of computer security firms said tuesday.
1			politics	election	result	democracy	voting	polling	corruption	candidate	electoral			brunei parliament reopens, but no talk of election the monarch of oil rich brunei reopened the tiny country's parliament for the first time in 20 years on saturday, but made no mention of elections and warned his subjects not to get carried away.
4			ibm	computer	hardware	technology	performance	patent	speed	computing	linux			ibm says supercomputer breaks speed record ibm is claiming unofficial bragging rights as owner of the world 's fastest supercomputer. ibm says its still unfinished bluegene system can sustain speeds of 36 teraflops.
4			manufacturing	chip	hardware	technology	performance	semiconductor	silicon	security	industry			amd starts shipping 90 nanometer chips the chipmaker appears to have met its most recent deadline for production of the smaller featured chips.
1			politics	election	democracy	race	power	washington	money	leadership			quietly but firmly, hastert asserts his power dennis hastert, the speaker of the house, is the man president bush is counting on to enact an ambitious second term agenda.
2			baseball	college	basketball	sport	football			storylines for sept. 25 weekend what a weekend of college football! it was puzzling, exciting, dramatic, thrilling, crushing, and suspenseful. but there was one thing it never was.
3			business	network	cut	greed	fraud	profit	competition	money			nortel networks to cut 3,500 nortel networks said yesterday it will slash its workforce by 3,500, or 10 percent, as it struggles to recover from an accounting scandal that toppled three top executives and led to a criminal investigation and lawsuits.
4			computer	privacy	microsoft	technology	internet	networking	email	security	windows			microsoft delays im beta release over security concerns com october 7, 2004, 12:45 pm pt. there 's no doubt the internet will continue to make its mark in the world of business and technology.
4			manufacturing	software	technology	automation	robot	innovation			robot future hinges on software robot sales to consumers and enterprises are on the verge of exploding, according to a new study.
4			network	broadband	technology	internet	communication	telecommunication	networking	patent	email			vonage calls on linksys for voip cisco systems linksys division is set to enter the consumer voip voice over internet protocol space this week through a deal with vonage holdings to provide customer equipment for that company 's internet based telephone service.
4			linux	manufacturing	inventory	storage	technology	performance	apple	intel	security	industry			intel beats expectations but warns on inventory driven by demand for flash memory chips used in cell phones, intel corp.'s third quarter profits rose 15 percent, but also warned that its gross margins are sagging, and it continues to suffer from a buildup of inventory.
1			election	politics	nevada	result	voting	ohio	ballot	voter	fraud			ohio has clearer picture of ballots now most of the presidential election provisional ballots rejected so far in ohio came from people who were not even registered to vote, election officials said after spending nearly two weeks poring over thousands of disputed votes.
4			application	app	privacy	technology	analytics	apps	seo	windows			compuware looks to cut risks in apps deployment compuware this week is upgrading its vantage application service management software to highlight predictive analysis and performance assessment.
4			processor	computer	chip	hardware	intel	performance	memory	silicon			amd dual core opterons gain sse 3 support amd 's dual core amd64 chips will provide instructions compatible with intel 's sse 3 technology, the chip maker announced at the microprocessor forum yesterday.
4			mobile	technology	nokia	smartphone	telecommunication	phone	industry			nokia sees rise in handset sales the mobile phone giant says its next results will now be better than expected, thanks to a boost in handset sales.
3			recovery	ceo	management	bankruptcy	company	finance	disaster	corporation			sungard to spin off disaster unit sungard, which provides software and services to top financial companies, will spin off its disaster data recovery business into a separate publicly traded company through a tax free distribution of shares, according to executives.
4			prevention	computer	hacking	safety	privacy	technology	internet	security			web safety group launches anti spyware campaign a prominent internet safety organization and leading computer maker dell inc. launched a campaign friday to help consumers fend off spyware, software that can cause sluggish computer performance or popup ads and secretly monitor the activities of internet users.
4			business	revenue	sale	software	microsoft	technology	strategy	security	linux			siebel's q3 sales slow siebel systems's software license revenue in its just ended third quarter rose from the grim five year low hit in siebel's second quarter, but still fell short of revenue recorded during the same period last year, the company said tuesday.
2			medal	australia	olympics	athletics	sport	athlete	swimming	phelps			phelps: packing up seven medals athens: michael phelps won gold in the 100m butterfly on friday to take his olympic medal tally to five gold and two bronze. a medal of any colour now will him equal the record for most medals at a single
2			boxing	history	hockey	baseball	espn	basketball	sport	boston	football	coverage			this dvd highlights a storied past the globe has collaborated with cramer productions and produced a dvd: boston's greatest sports stories: beyond the headlines .
3			politics	business	technology	greed	commerce	suicide	finance	money			former dot com hero faces closure commerce one inc. cmrc , an internet software maker valued at $ 20 billion at the peak of dot com mania, is poised to go out of business as a pauper...
2			statistics	nationality	soccer	club	sport	football	brazil	money			juninho tries on larsson 's no 7 shirt for a small man, he looks as though he will wear it lightly. no sooner had juninho completed his protracted move from middlsbrough to celtic he has signed a two year contract, subject to
2			injury	volleyball	soccer	sport	football	health	tennis	woman			injured foudy may not play in soccer final julie foudy left the game with a limp, and then the stadium on crutches, her spunky attitude nearly as big as the bandage wrapped around her sprained right ankle.
4			computer	privacy	technology	company	innovation	networking	email	computing			virtual offices will reverse years of isolation it is undergoing the kind of cultural evolution that companies endured when they first pushed computing technology out to the bulk of their workforces.
3			revenue	sale	stock	growth	profit	finance	research	money	industry			forest laboratories cuts profit outlook forest laboratories inc. frx.n: quote, profile, research on monday lowered its profit outlook for fiscal year 2005, citing the recent approval of generic versions of its antidepressant drug celexa.
4			electronics	computer	intel	technology	power	energy	innovation	silicon	linux			intel prepares for the future intel is drawing the curtain on some of its future research projects to continue making transistors smaller, faster, and less power hungry out as far as 2020.
2			baseball	money	sport	football			a backfield in motion he needed a long hit of mouthwash when the festivities at gillette stadium were over yesterday.
2			basketball	competition	sport			west: without shaq, who 's best? plenty of western conference teams are capable of filling the los angeles lakers role as favorites, but none seem suited to fill the time slot occupied by days of our lakers.
4			ibm	computer	network	technology	sensor	networking	patent	silicon			ibm bets on sensor unit ibm was to announce on monday that it would invest $ 250 million over the next five years and employ a thousand people in a new business unit to support products and services related to sensor networks.
4			politics	computer	network	privacy	technology	tech	networking	hr	security			networkers' crowding achievement by 6:45 p.m. sept. 8, local tech executives were packed so tightly into the lobby of the tower club that late arrivals had to step sideways off the elevators to squeeze into the room.
4			cyber	computer	hacking	privacy	technology	vulnerability	strategy	security			security pros bemoan need for tactical focus security managers at this week's computer security institute conference said they spend too much time dealing with software flaws and virus threats to develop more strategic approaches to safeguarding corporate information.
4			dell	detail	technology	infrastructure	networking	availability	linux			dell blade server technology helps isotrak create infrastructure ... isotrak, a leading uk end to end logistics solutions provider 2 , today announced the successful implementation of dell poweredge blade server technology.
1			election	britain	politics	england	democracy	money	blair			browns eu victories will help him on home turf according to those commentators who peddle their political analysis in big, brash, primary colours, theres absolutely no question who lost out big time in tony blairs latest ministerial reshuffle.
4			windows	computer	software	technology	microsoft	apple	corporation	money	linux			microsoft rings up multibillion dollar profit the world 's biggest software company, microsoft corporation, said last night that its first quarter profits swelled to $ 2.9 billion as consumers and businesses pumped up demand for new computers.
4			product	network	technology	standard	hp	telecommunication	networking	patent	industry			hp building portfolio of products for telecom carriers, equipment ... vendor says it 's developing standards based servers in various form factors for the telecom market. by darrell dunn. hewlett packard on thursday unveiled plans to create a portfolio of products and services
4			ibm	technology	company	oracle	ip	patent	email	industry			peoplesoft deal to trigger industry consolidation peoplesofts shareholders tendered 60.8 of their shares to oracle on november20th, which in tbrs technology business research opinion makes this acquisition approximately 95 plausible.
1			politics	election	protest	democracy	talk	iran	russia	ukraine	opposition			ukrainian opposition reportedly pulls out of talks a top ukrainian opposition leader, quoted by interfax ukraine news agency, said supporters of presidential candidate viktor yushchenko had withdrawn from talks on last week's disputed election.
4			virus	computer	hacking	technology	security			danger of image borne viruses looms hackers are close to finding a way to spread harmful computer viruses just by getting people to open an e mail message or visiting an infected web site, computer security experts warned yesterday.
3			waste	recycling	business	management	technology	risk	money	security	industry			troubled rentokil rules out break up struggling pest control and security specialist rentokil today ruled out a break up of the company or any major disposals as it reported back following a sweeping review of the business.
4			ibm	computer	technology	microsoft	database	patent	security	linux			sybase partners with ibm to sell database software sybase inc. said on tuesday that it will partner with hardware vendor ibm to market its linux database software, potentially dealing a blow to sun microsystems, another long standing partner.
3			income	revenue	investing	stock	growth	finance	loss	accounting	money			janus capital earnings dip on lower revenue third quarter revenue fell 7 percent at janus capital group inc. as assets under management and investment management fees fell.
3			expansion	store	trend	price	sale	market	retailer	growth	retail			wal mart same store sales up 2.4 percent wal mart stores inc. , the world's largest retailer, on thursday said sales at stores open at least a year rose 2.4 percent in september, slightly higher than its preliminary report but still toward the low end of its forecast range.
4			ibm	application	linux	software	technology	microsoft	patent	tool	windows			ibm sets date for new tools bundle looking to outdo rival microsoft, ibm plans to ship a new bundle of development tools that can simplify how software gets built.
4			windows	business	collaboration	technology	microsoft	strategy	security	linux			microsoft, dassault form strategic alliance in a joint statement, microsoft and dassault said using the microsoft platform will cut ownership and integration costs of using the dassault software, widening the potential customer base.
4			science	alien	human	species	biotechnology	technology	evolution	robot			a giant step for humanoids the discovery by australian scientists on the indonesian island of flores of an entirely new humanoid species colloquially dubbed hobbits because of their diminutive stature uts a new piece in place in the long scientific mission to understand
4			virus	computer	hacking	software	technology	doom	security			check point's optimistic pessimist check point software technology's gil shwed weighs in on who's winning the war of attrition between virus writers and the security companies they drive crazy.
2			hill	coaching	baseball	basketball	sport	football	coach	texas			san jose state faces difficult task fitz hill caught a glimpse of sec media day on television last month and got another harsh reminder of how different things are where he coaches at san jose state.
1			politics	america	president	history	citizenship	election	race	immigration	religion			efforts made to ok foreign born presidents the nation's forefathers envisioned a president born in the good ol' u.s. of a.; a red, white and true blue chief executive for when the band strikes up hail to the chief.
4			hacking	privacy	technology	vulnerability	attack	risk	security			latest ie worm developed in record time while most security firms have designated the threat from the worm in the medium range, it is notable because of how quickly it was developed, graham cluley, technology consultant with sophos antivirus, said.
4			desktop	linux	mobility	technology	networking	productivity	security	windows			briefly: facetime pulls in $ 16 million roundup plus: bladed desktop pioneer gets $ 25 kicks off free fantasy partners with 3g gear maker.
2			coaching	espn	sport	panther	nfl	football	carolina			panthers out to prove super bowl no fluke there is no arrogant swagger among the carolina panthers, no bold predictions that they will walk straight back into the super bowl this season.
4			network	connectivity	ethernet	technology	broadband	wireless	telecommunication	networking			sun micro, vodafone in wireless pact sun microsystems inc. said tuesday that it agreed to provide vodafone group plc with its entire line of hardware, software and services for its wireless phone network.
4			science	electronics	recycling	safety	magic	technology	innovation	chemistry			product review: a 'cold' soldering iron if you're looking for a good holiday gift for a tinkerer you can hardly give away anything more inventive than the cold heat soldering iron. it redesigns something that's been virtually unchanged for decades and does so by combining high school level science and cheap materials.
4			electronics	telecom	broadband	internet	technology	telecommunication	networking	phone	industry			internet phone service seen as growth industry rising broadband penetration is keeping equipment makers for internet phone service on their toes in light of their aggression participation in the upcoming taipei telecom show, event organizers said yesterday.
4			product	ibm	business	manufacturing	technology	company	telecommunication	patent	industry			ibm expands rfid services ibm quote, chart has launched a suite of rfid define services for mid market businesses and industrial sectors. the new services are geared for companies that typically employ 1,000 workers or less.
3			industry	business	ceo	management	company	finance	strategy	leadership			royal group dismisses founder vic de zen as chairman, fires two ... a special committee of independent directors at building products manufacturer royal group technologies ltd. woodbridge, on has fired president and ceo douglas dunsmuir and senior vice president and cfo
2			baseball	yankee	sport	sox	money			schilling led red sox win again, force game 7 it seemed inevitable for so long, yet so implausible sunday night: yankees vs. red sox, winner take all. with blood seeping through his sock, a grimace on his face and pride filling his heart, curt schilling
2			weight	boxing	fighting	sport	fight	wrestling	boxer			us boxer topples the russian giant he saw the looks and he heard the snickers and he guessed that the joke was at his expense. boxing has never been the subtlest of sports, and ward has never been the largest of light heavyweights.
3			statistics	australia	investing	company	market	performance	growth	strategy	competition	industry			small companies star as market rises a recovery in resource stocks and some star performances from smaller companies have helped the australian share market back into the black today.
2			coaching	baseball	sport	football	quarterback	offense			bitter' win sweet for umass there was some fine football played at parsons field yesterday, as the university of massachusetts defeated northeastern, 26 22. umass junior running back steve baylark took over the game in the second half, finishing with 181 yards and a touchdown on 29 carries, as he went over 1,000 yards for the second straight year. and nu senior linebacker liam ...
2			coaching	baseball	volleyball	athletics	sport	basketball	golf	recruiting	football	softball			mids go bowling navy's football team will announce monday whether it will accept a bowl bid from the emerald bowl or consider inquiries from four other bowls.
4			product	electronics	computer	safety	battery	privacy	technology	consumer	industry			best buy ahead 21 in spite of modest growth best buy beat analyst estimates with a 21 per cent rise in quarterly profit, sending its shares 5 per cent higher yesterday. the number one us consumer electronics retailer said
4			israel	technology	broadband	internet	telecommunication	networking	money	speed			race on to build fiber optic networks alvarion broadband services using fiber optic networks are expected to grow in the coming years with the race now on among companies to develop this technology, the chairman of israel's alvarion ltd. said on tuesday.
2			baseball	television	sport	football	child	christmas			lemony snicket comes to the handset a cell phone game based on the children's series a series of unfortunate events was released monday.
1			election	politics	history	democracy	race	washington	republican	money	politician			recount begins in wash. governor's race both of washington's potential new governors have experienced the uncomfortable sensation of reading their own political obituaries.
4			device	network	ethernet	technology	nokia	cisco	networking	switch	ios	linux			cisco and fujitsu team on high end routers cisco systems and fujitsu will partner to develop high end routers and switches for use in advanced ip networks. initally, fujitsu will offer co branded products running cisco 's ios xr operating
4			wikipedia	privacy	technology	internet	content			life without internet almost impossible study web portal yahoo and media agency omd unveiled the findings of an internet deprivation study examining consumers media habits and their emotional connection to the internet.
4			science	nothing	technology	testing	test			apple testing guru banned from... testing to anyone working in the technology press, the reluctance of apple to send out review machines to magazines or websites is notorious.
3			business	ceo	unemployment	company	loss	finance	bankruptcy	recession	industry			lego ceo resigns after profit warning copenhagen predicting a full year loss, the danish toy maker lego said thursday that its chief executive had resigned as the company had yet to recover from a financial crisis.
4			battery	electronics	device	technology	nokia	phone			nokia targets fake phone batteries nokia has launched a program to help consumers spot counterfeit mobile phone batteries. the company has begun labeling batteries with holographic labels containing a series of symbols and a 20 digit authentication code hidden under a scratch off area.
4			engineering	software	custom	technology	evolution	innovation	design			do it yourself design: just point and click on line customization was a slow starter in the 1990's. but as technology has improved, so has the variety.
1			politics	election	result	democracy	polling	poll	iran	candidate	afghanistan			karzai win assured as afghan poll count winds up afghan president hamid karzai is sure of victory in his country's historic presidential poll, but the result will not be announced for a day or so until the last few ballot boxes are counted, an official said monday.
4			product	business	sale	api	marketing	technology	hp	patent	industry			expands call center support the most significant product advancement is 's newly released telephony api tool kit, which allows its sales automation software to integrate with products from partners.
3			business	revenue	sale	growth	profit	finance	research	money	industry			amd posts profit, sees sales growth computer chip maker advanced micro devices inc. amd.n: quote, profile, research on thursday posted a third quarter profit compared with a loss a year earlier and predicted a fourth quarter pickup in sales.
1			politics	election	democracy	china	polling	poll	iran	afghanistan			karzai nears victory in afghan election as vote count proceeds interim leader hamid karzai nudged closer to victory in afghanistan 's landmark presidential poll with nearly two thirds of the vote counted, officials said thursday.
2			baseball	owen	brady	sport	love	football			garcia wishes owens would move on someday, jeff garcia and terrell owens may connect again. someday, the former teammates may be able to talk, shake hands and repair their ruptured relationship. and maybe, just maybe, they can become friends again. someday. not this week.
1			politics	election	diplomacy	war	violence	china	corruption	terrorism	security	fear			annan 's post at the un may be at risk, officials fear united nations officials fear that secretary general kofi annan may have lost the confidence of the organization 's most powerful constituent, the united states.
3			business	ceo	china	growth	finance	productivity	research	money	sap			sap cfo puts off margin target europe's biggest software maker sap could need a year more than anticipated to reach its profitability target as it spends on research, development and marketing, its chief financial officer said on thursday, sending its shares lower.
2			medal	boxing	doping	olympics	sport	athlete	swimming	competition	money			hamm admits he will be shocked if he loses gold olympic all round champion paul hamm admitted he would be stunned if he lost the gold medal he was awarded in athens following a judging error.
4			application	issue	privacy	technology	problem	email	security			apple launches imac g5 troubleshooting assistant as the new imac g5 makes its way to customers, apple has added an imac g5 troubleshooting assistant to its online support area. the system starts with broad issues, such as when i press
4			ibm	computer	computing	linux	technology	evolution	machine	nasa	space	physics			ibm develops world 's fastest supercomputer ibm has a new supercomputer which is currently world 's fastest. the new blue gene l is capable to do 36.01 teraflops. the ex world 's fastest supercomputer, the earth simulator from nec, is able to do 35.
3			politics	economics	company	stock	market	energy	finance	corporation	money	industry			stocks up on caterpillar, oil companies stocks staged a late rally on tuesday after caterpillar inc. , the world's largest maker of heavy equipment, raised its revenue outlook, and shares of energy and metal producers rose on higher commodity prices.
4			electronics	computer	chip	technology	networking	semiconductor	silicon	intel			broadcom unveils new multicore chip communications chipmaker broadcom today will announce a chip that combines four cores the central brain of a chip onto a single piece of silicon.
2			coaching	baseball	hockey	espn	jazz	basketball	sport	football	russia	nba			nba cancels jazz 's exhibition trip to moscow the nba on friday canceled the utah jazz 's exhibition game in russia next month, citing security concerns. the league and the jazz hope to reschedule the game for possibly next preseason
1			election	politics	democrat	florida	voting	fraud	georgia	security			voters cast early ballots as candidates trade sharp attacks scattered problems were reported in the balloting in florida as early voting began in 10 other states.
3			expansion	business	trend	marketing	growth	change	money	diversity			wal mart bucks backlash, continues growth plans undaunted by the scorn of a growing number of communities across the us, wal mart will duplicate this year 's growth plans again next year.
4			computer	business	software	microsoft	technology	fraud	money	security			microsoft hears jingle of cash register software with a specialized version of windows xp embedded, the software maker wants to get its fingers in the till.
3			china	sale	technology	profit	finance	pricing	competition	money	industry			samsung sees higher mobile profit korean mobile maker samsung says it expects profits to grow in 2005, but brokers warn that harsh competition could mean narrower margins.
2			coaching	baseball	television	basketball	sport	football	competition	rivalry			draining, but entertaining on any given saturday, the southeastern conference comes up with ways to entertain its fans, exhibiting competition at its best and worst and making the argument that it is the best conference in college football.
3			business	chicago	trend	sale	company	purchasing	growth	finance	competition	bloomberg			chicago business expands at faster clip business activity expanded in the chicago region in september at a faster pace than in august, marking the 17th straight month of growth, the chicago purchasing managers index showed on thursday.
2			coaching	racer	baseball	statistics	basketball	athletics	sport	recruiting	football	coach			murray state favorite to win ovc losing ten players usually means a rebuilding year. not at murray state. despite the loss, the racers were picked as the pre season favorite to win the ohio valley conference.
2			baseball	statistics	match	volleyball	athletics	sport	soccer	football	tennis			nats play rude guests the us mens national team recorded a convincing 2 0 victory over el salvador in estadio cuscatlan in san salvador on saturday evening, increasing their group 1 lead in the semifinal round of qualifying for the 2006 fifa world cup to three points.
4			mobile	network	privacy	technology	wireless	telecommunication	networking			circuit city switching from t mobile to verizon circuit city is phasing out the sale of t mobile wireless service as it prepares to focus on launch of verizon wireless stores within its own walls.
2			statistics	game	gaming	sport	music	football			all girl swedish team tackles video games at first glance, les seules might look like an all girl rock band complete with sassy attitudes and fawning male groupies but the swedish septuplet doesn't play instruments. they play competitive video games.
2			boxing	controversy	doping	olympics	athletics	sport	athlete	iaaf	cycling			olympics wrap: another doping controversy surfaces olympic chiefs ordered hungarian hammer gold medallist adrian annus friday to submit another doping sample or risk losing his medal, while another of his compatriots was stripped of a medal for failing a test.
2			statistics	sport	music	football	networking	education			briefly: music promoter offers concert downloads roundup plus: ws i tackles web services attachments...newspaper sites take up paid search ads...microsoft iptv to woo swiss test group.
2			game	sport	music	football	fun	chess	money			donkey konga: novelty with a beat in case you don't want to work and just want to bang on the drum all day, this game is for you. it's a simple and charming game, but be warned that there isn't much else to do than banging on bongos. lore sjberg reviews donkey konga.
1			politics	election	putin	democracy	corruption	reform	russia	privatization			russia's putin defends political reforms russian president vladimir putin said on thursday he had no plans to grab more power or change the constitution when reforming russia's government structure, dismissing fears in the west he is watering down democracy.
1			election	politics	campaign	democratic	democrat	republican	party			dems gain in 'hidden election' democrats had great success in state legislative races this year, even as they performed poorly in the presidential race and campaigns for congress. many democratic gains came in the heart of republican territory.
4			flash	technology	performance	networking	patent	memory	silicon	linux			spansion details nor nand hybrid roadmap in order to meet the growing demands of the flash memory market, fujitsu and amds flash memory subsidiary spansion llc unveiled plans to develop a new ornand flash memory architecture that combines the best of nor code execution with nand data
2			doping	athletics	sport	greece	athlete	swimming	cycling			withdrawal for greek sprinters two of greece's most famous athletes and their coach made their first public appearance here yesterday only to withdraw from the olympic games rather than face a panel charged with looking into a possible doping violation.
2			coaching	baseball	history	statistics	safety	basketball	athletics	sport	recruiting	football			lobos accept bid to the emerald bowl senior offensive tackle claude terrell was the voice of dissent tuesday in new mexico 's decision to accept a bid to the emerald bowl, where the lobos will try to win a bowl game for the first time in 43 years.
4			network	ethernet	privacy	microsoft	technology	networking	patent	security			microsoft, cisco shake on network security in a deal sure to bring smiles to the faces of enterprise security pros, microsoft quote, chart and cisco systems plan to integrate technologies and push for an industry standard to power network security and health policy compliance.
2			coaching	baseball	pittsburgh	sport	football	coach	teaching	wrestling			uconn, pitt go their different ways the question seemed fair enough: can you discuss the differences between coaching in a major league city like pittsburgh and a college town like storrs, conn.
2			medal	australia	game	olympics	athletics	sport	football	swimming	event			wednesday's preview day five of the games will see 21 golds on offer with kate howey and pippa funnell aiming for medals.
3			investor	investment	investing	economics	finance	strategy	competition	money			gaining an investment edge whitney tilson demonstrates how to beef up your portfolio and beat the market.
4			technology	company	growth	advertising	corporation	google			google profit up, stock rises, no outlook web search leader google inc. , in its first earnings report as a publicly held company, on thursday posted quarterly net income and revenue that more than doubled on strong web search advertising.
3			acquisition	trade	business	price	sale	stock	profit	distribution	retail	wholesale			costco profit beats forecast wholesale retailer shares jump on news profit beat expectations by 4 cents a share, sales up 11. new york reuters costco wholesale corp.
2			boxing	baseball	cleveland	retirement	espn	basketball	sport	mourning	stats			alonzo mourning helps nets win for now alonzo mourning knows he's running out of time in the nba. he just wants to win, and he needs those victories to come quickly. playing his second regular season game following a kidney transplant, mourning made consecutive shots in double overtime to help the visiting new jersey nets beat the chicago bulls 111 106 on friday night.
3			acquisition	technology	company	ft	strategy	competition	logistics	industry			4 firms to vie for army intelligence support work four companies were chosen to compete for work to be assigned under a five year, $ 209 million contract to provide information technology, management and intelligence support services to the army intelligence and security command.
1			election	politics	campaign	history	democracy	political	strategy	money			campaign game mimics real life a new simulated election game that lets you play campaign manager to a presidential candidate is both thrillingly and disturbingly similar to real world politics. a review by jason silverman.
2			boxing	baseball	hockey	statistics	espn	sport	race	football	racing			flagging a poll: not so fast on bull dynasty' for 12 days in the middle of august, a research firm commissioned by sports illustrated polled 1,004 sports fans on a variety of topics for the magazine's 50th anniversary issue.
2			montreal	mlb	baseball	hockey	sport	football			montreal expos await final word on move from mlb before making ... the montreal expos have circled on the road out of town so often, you can understand why players and team officials are taking word of their imminent move with a grain of salt.
3			computer	business	software	technology	internet	commerce	finance	bankruptcy	money			commerce one headed for liquidation a high flyer in the heady days of the internet boom, commerce one has told federal regulators that its continuing losses may lead to the end of the software company.
3			income	revenue	sale	profit	hp	productivity	money	industry			hp profit tops lowered forecast hewlett packard co. on tuesday said quarterly profit topped its own lowered expectations as the computer and printer maker saw record revenues in every business and every region, sending shares higher by 9 percent.
4			electronics	taiwan	manufacturing	ieee	technology	semiconductor	patent	industry			tsmc files another patent suit against smic taiwan semiconductor manufacturing co. ltd. tsmc , of hsinchu, taiwan, has expanded its patent infringement fight against rival contract chip maker semiconductor manufacturing international corp.
2			baseball	family	miami	sport	football	money			miami's mama's boy one of the most exciting and dangerous players in college football would not be where he is today without his mother's guidance and inspiration.
3			product	business	manufacturing	trend	sale	ft	growth	money	industry			bed bath beyond profit up, shares fall bed bath beyond inc. on wednesday posted a 24 percent rise in its quarterly earnings as demand for its household goods remained strong.
4			electronics	computer	ethernet	software	usb	technology	networking	pcs	linux			a new handshake for mini hard drives? a consortium of companies wants to build on the progress of the serial ata hard drive interface in pcs by creating a similar offering for consumer electronics devices.
4			processor	technology	storage	power	performance	networking	memory	intel	computing	linux			pentium m 765 is fastest centrino cpu intel has added a high end model to its range mobile processors. the pentium m 765 is based on intel 's market leading 90nm manufacturing process technology and features 2mb of integrated, power managed level 2 cache.
4			revenue	manufacturing	technology	semiconductor	performance	growth	patent	silicon	industry			gartner: '04 chip revenue growth strong, '05 weaker the semiconductor industry should take in $ 226 billion in revenue this year, up 27 from last year, according to research firm gartner inc. but that grow is expected to slow in 2005.
3			bread	money	food	business			empty twinkies get new filling a few weeks back, i had a pretty dim view of twinkie and wonder bread maker, interstate bakeries nyse: ibc . i even suggested shudder that the firm might
1			politics	election	tax	spending	greed	expenditure	finance	money			us presidential race most expensive in history: study the 2004 us presidential election is set to smash all spending records according to an independent study, which estimates that more than a billion dollars will be spent on the race for the white house by election day.
4			computer	chip	intel	technology	apple	semiconductor	silicon	computing	linux			amd to demonstrate dual core chips aiming to deflate archrival intel, advanced micro devices this week will show off its dual core chips, which will start to trickle out toward the middle of next year.
4			security	virus	computer	hacking	privacy	technology	vulnerability	encryption	surveillance	windows			when you log on, look out the warning for home computer users is: when you log on, look out. a new study from america online and the national cyber security alliance shows that two thirds of home computers have no protective firewall and 80 are infected with spyware.
2			baseball	statistics	basketball	athletics	sport	recruiting	football	byu			no. 19 n.c. state demolishes elon 71 45 julius hodge scored 17 points on his 21st birthday to join an exclusive group of atlantic coast conference players, leading no. 19 north carolina state past elon 71 45 thursday night in the semifinals of the bca invitational.
4			network	technology	telecom	internet	telecommunication	profit	carrier	competition	phone			at t's voip venture after hanging up on long distance, the carrier dials for profits through net telephony.
4			computer	application	linux	technology	apple	hp	ibm	email	industry			ibm rolls out midrange eserver i5 ibm is filling in the center of its power 5 based eserver i5 lineup on tuesday, unwrapping a four way system aimed at midsize companies looking to consolidate a variety of business applications.
1			politics	election	president	history	violence	religion	conflict	terrorism	god	leadership			with president 's resignation, civil rights group again in turmoil the southern christian leadership conference is in turmoil again this time with the resignation of its president, the reverend fred shuttlesworth.
4			privacy	technology	telecom	internet	broadband	telecommunication	education			almost 40 percent of tech savvy singaporeans have broadband access high tech singapore is also proving to be high speed, with almost 40 percent of households hooked up to the internet via broadband technology, the government said.
4			electronics	television	digital	technology	broadband	broadcasting	telecommunication	tv	media			lg wins dmb satellite handset race lg electronics has unveiled the worlds first terrestrial digital broadcasting cell phone this week. the digital multimedia broadcasting dmb handset will allow people to receive satellite broadcasts to watch consumer programs.
1			election	america	politics	history	war	democracy	terrorism			the election that never ends ... online in the real world, campaign 2004 ended last week with john kerry's concession to president bush. but online, the lost cause lives on in the form of conspiracy theories and collective mourning.
3			thursday	business	revenue	transparency	growth	finance	profit	money	earnings			update 4 viacom posts profit; sets $ 8 billion buyback viacom inc. viab.n: quote, profile, research via.n: quote, profile, research on thursday said its quarterly profit from continuing operations rose 12 percent
3			business	ceo	greed	drug	money	murder			merck seeking new ceo the wall street journal reports merck co. of whitehouse station, nj, has begun hunting for a new chief executive officer. the move comes amid a string of bad news at the drug maker, including its recent
3			acquisition	ceo	business	microsoft	marketing	strategy	consolidation	merger			microsoft ceo: merger strategy unchanged microsoft corp. is still targeting smaller companies for acquisitions, despite speculation that now scuttled merger talks with business software giant sap ag signaled a shift in strategy, chief executive steve ballmer said on tuesday.
4			mobile	email	technology	wireless			cingular, at wireless launch service cingular wireless llc began offering a multimedia messaging service on tuesday that is compatible with that of its future unit, at wireless services inc.
1			politics	election	diplomacy	war	democracy	china	peace	iraq	russia	terrorism			eu us plane fight may find peaceful deal washington and brussels may have gone for their guns in a fight over plane subsidies, firing off huge tit for tat cases at the world trade organization wto , but analysts say a peaceful deal may yet be done.
4			product	electronics	computer	battery	movie	technology	marketing	japan	consumer	sony			sony to add stores, worrying retailers few people took notice when sony electronics inc. opened a tiny storefront last year here at south coast plaza, a swanky mall south of los angeles. as it turns out, the small store would represent a big change in how sony sells its televisions, dvd players and other gear.
3			product	recycling	safety	sale	profit	consumer	food	industry			unilever profit warning hits shares food and consumer goods giant unilever cut its annual profit growth forecast by more than a half on monday, blaming wet weather which hit ice cream sales and stiff competition in washing powders and soaps.
4			job	science	computer	safety	technology	robot	cancer			los alamos scientist says he was one fired a senior scientist at los alamos national laboratory says he is one of two employees being fired over an accident this summer in which an intern was injured by a laser.
3			news	business	china	cancer	technology	fraud	health	competition	industry			eyetech to get modest lift from macugen credit suisse first boston maintained a neutral rating and $ 43 target price on eyetech nasdaq: eyet news people . news that the retaane product from competitor alcon nyse: acl news people missed
2			baseball	jersey	statistics	hockey	sport	football	canada	color			team canada hopes to wear white jerseys in world cup of hockey ... the ever superstitious wayne gretzky hopes team canada can wear white jerseys for tuesday night 's world cup final against finland.
4			science	electronics	nano	biotechnology	technology	innovation	patent	research			nanotechnology based products have impact for a science that's about manipulating substances at the molecular level, nanotechnology is starting to bring big profits to many consumer product makers.
3			politics	news	business	marketing	growth	strategy	finance	advertising	money			changes at the herald the region the boston herald named business columnist cosmo macero jr. editor of its business section, replacing ted bunker, a nine year herald veteran, who has left the newspaper to pursue other opportunities, according to a herald statement. macero, 37, will continue to write a regular business column. herald editorial director ken chandler said macero was promoted to make the section ...
1			election	politics	result	democracy	poll	iran	candidate	afghanistan	pakistan			shaukat aziz wins byelection, clears way to become pakistan's prime minister fateh jang, pakistan ap pakistan's finance minister took an important step toward becoming the new prime minister by easily winning two byelections that give him a seat in parliament, a prerequisite for the post, state run television reported thursday. opposition groups insisted the vote was rigged.
1			election	abortion	politics	voting	ohio	voter	fraud	debate	republican			challengers want ohio vote review a coalition of groups that do not believe the ohio presidential election was conducted accurately asks the ohio supreme court to review the swing state's voting results.
4			processor	computer	manufacturing	chip	hardware	intel	technology	semiconductor	silicon	linux			nvidia signs chipset license with intel nvidiaand intelhave signed a multiyear cross licensing agreement that entitles nvidia to build chipsets for intel's processors, the companies announced friday.
2			mlb	baseball	athletics	sport	football	oakland	pitching			athletics struggle down the stretch the oakland athletics are used to pressure packed pennant races...
4			network	privacy	telecom	broadband	ip	technology	communication	internet	telecommunication			us argues for federal voip rules america 's chief communications regulator will seek broad regulatory authority for the us federal government over internet based telephone services to avoid stifling the emerging market.
4			electronics	nano	device	technology	innovation	semiconductor	silicon	physics			new technique to advance semiconductors in an advance that could lead to lighter spacecraft and smarter cars, researchers have developed a new technique for producing a high quality semiconductor that 's much more resistant to extreme conditions than the silicon found in most of today 's
4			trend	technology	photography	innovation	research	bloomberg	industry			kodak: digital imaging growing faster photography company eastman kodak co. ek.n: quote, profile, research on wednesday raised its growth forecast on digital products and services, such as cameras and medical imaging, key
2			baseball	hockey	basketball	sport	football	detroit			ben wallace loses brother to brain cancer west coast trips have been filled with heartbreaking moments for detroit pistons all star ben wallace. but it has had nothing to do with the games being played.
4			electronics	computer	itunes	ipod	music	technology	car			ipod mini gets new challenge from dell roundup pocket dj 5 has bigger drive, smaller price tag. virgin's got a tiny tunesmith, too.
1			election	politics	democracy	voting	france	corruption	haiti			aristide 'wants haiti elections' the former president of haiti, jean bertrand aristide, calls for free and fair elections in his country.
3			investing	stock	growth	profit	finance	money	earnings			profit jumps 30 percent at goldman sachs goldman sachs today posted a 30 percent jump in profit for its latest quarter, helped by strong growth across its segments.
4			electronics	computer	software	privacy	technology	camera	photography	email			pluggedin: software tackles digital photo proliferation now that digital cameras have overtaken film cameras in sales, users are beginning to encounter a familiar problem what to do with the bulging image files and folders filling up computer hard drives?
4			cable	connectivity	ethernet	technology	wireless	internet	broadband	networking	intel			intel outlines wimax plans for upcoming rosedale chip high speed dsl and cable broadband access are only available to a fraction of computer users globally, said scott richardson, general manager of intel 's broadband wireless group.
1			politics	democracy	china	iran	corruption	power	religion	terrorism	leadership			north korean media drop dear leader title, press monitor says north korea 's official media have dropped the honorific dear leader from reports on kim jong il, a japanese news agency reported a day after other reports said his portrait had been removed at some public sites.
4			computer	code	hardware	software	programming	technology	system	ai	linux			gm cto sees more code on future cars the relationship between general motors corp. and the software industry will experience some major changes over the next few years as software becomes a more important
4			computer	linux	software	microsoft	technology	hp	networking	security	server			hewlett packard packages services for blades blade servers are the future, hp says, rolling out new services targeted at users.
4			electronics	manufacturing	chip	intel	technology	korea	samsung	silicon	industry			samsung to boost chip production korean chipmaker samsung says it will invest 25 trillion won building new chip production lines over the next six years.
4			trend	usage	technology	fire	performance	google			report: firefox gains 34 percent in november firefox use around the world climbed 34 percent in the last month, according to a report published by web analytics company websidestory monday.
4			hacking	privacy	wireless	technology	broadband	internet	freedom			san fran wants free citywide wifi san francisco mayor gavin newsom has set a goal of providing free wireless internet activity in his city that sees itself as a vanguard of the internet revolution.
3			news	computer	business	technology	economics	greed	finance	money	journalism			dow jones buying marketwatch for $ 519 million yes virginia, there is money to be made in web publishing, especially stock market and trading news! the news will invigorate bloggers and news publishers everywhere.
3			politics	ross	business	love	finance	money			a tale of two tycoons it has been an extraordinarily eventful month for tycoon wilbur l ross. a few weeks ago the 67 year old money manager turned steel baron married for the third time and friends predicted he would soon be slowing down to enjoy the finer things of life.
4			phone	computer	technology	networking	security	linux			palmsource unveils 'smart phone operating system in an effort to ring up more sales, palmsource inc., of sunnyvale, known for making the operating system for the palm handheld computer, on tuesday introduced a new operating system for so called smart phones.
4			battery	electronics	computer	chip	intel	technology	memory	silicon			amd releases new mobile sempron will the chip maker ever overcome intel's advantage in the notebook market?
1			politics	election	controversy	barry	democracy	power	washington	republican	nixon			barry makes political comeback in washington marion barry, the former mayor of washington who was caught taking cocaine, has made a new political comeback in the us capital.
3			contract	business	contracting	fraud	profit	bankruptcy	competition	money			spherix may get another shot at contract the government accountability office recommended that a federal contract competition that went against spherix inc. be reopened because of flaws in the process, spherix said yesterday.
1			election	politics	democrat	taxation	tax	finance	money			senate to vote on corporate tax package aching to go home and campaign, senators agree to a bevy of votes today to get their tax overhaul through. by associated press. washington the senate late sunday resolved a dispute delaying passage of a sweeping
2			baseball	sex	sport	football	god			time for coach to practice patience one door opened and another shut monday. in the hallway separating the two, a place better known as cardinals purgatory, josh mccown watched his career flash before his eyes.
3			business	trade	sale	marketing	profit	retail	competition	money			bj's profit rises, stock down on ppi data bj's wholesale club inc. , the no. 3 u.s. warehouse club operator, on tuesday posted a 13.8 percent increase in quarterly profit, helped by improved merchandise and operations.
2			statistics	cycling	olympics	athletics	sport	athlete	iaaf	tennis	event			sports in brief two track world records set pole vaulter yelena isinbayeva of russia and steeplechaser saif saaeed shaheen of qatar set world records at the van damme memorial meet yesterday in brussels, belgium.
1			politics	election	history	government	strategy	money	resignation	leadership			bush may see cabinet exodus if re elected nearly all the senior officials who came to office with president bush still are on the job. but a big exodus and a cabinet reshuffling seem likely if he wins a second term.
4			technology	company	internet	advertising	stalking	google	money			google 's new stock rises to $ 100 mark description: in the first day of trading in shares of the internet search engine company google, the stock rises to above $ 100. after much anticipation over the public offering, google set its initial price at $ 85 for thursday 's debut. npr 's laura sydell ...
3			america	business	china	million	greed	growth	competition	money			news rebound lifts all ords index past 3850 news corp led the sharemarket into record territory yesterday as investors here grew accustomed to the us way of corporate control, taking monday 's poison pill move by chairman rupert murdoch in their stride.
4			mobile	radio	network	mobility	broadband	technology	wireless	communication	telecommunication	competition			cingular completes acquisition of at wireless cingular becomes the nation's largest wireless carrier.
4			computer	cat	mouse	technology	something	math			a good mouse makes a world of difference sounds like a stupid question doesn 't it? a mouse is simply a tool that you use on your computer to point at various things and click on them.
3			trading	share	company	index	stock	internet	market	competition			nasdaq planning $ 100m share sale the owner of the nasdaq index, an icon of the internet boom, is planning to sell $ 100m of shares to the public and list itself on the market it operates.
4			computer	manufacturing	chip	intel	technology	innovation	patent	memory	silicon			intel shows off next generation chips trying to get past its recent execution setbacks, intel demonstrated a working chip using its next generation manufacturing technology monday, and also stated that it is on track to continue with moore 's law, doubling the number
2			baseball	hockey	basketball	sport	celebrity	detroit	fashion	nba	money			nba today detroit at los angeles clippers 10:30 p.m. est . the defending nba champs visit elton brand and the clippers.
2			politics	baseball	soccer	sport	golf	football	tennis	money			a little tweaking could do great things for the us open cup i was among the handful of media and announced crowd of 8,819 at arrowhead stadium on wednesday night for the championship match of the lamar hunt us open cup.
3			business	tourism	aviation	technology	marketing	company	finance	africa	competition	industry			saa asks public for 'great ideas' following heavy losses, south african airways asks the public to send in 'great ideas' on how to turn the business around.
4			computer	business	ceo	software	technology	microsoft	ibm	email			software firm to name new chief executive computer associates international is expected to announce that its new chief executive will be john swainson, an i.b.m. executive with strong technical and sales credentials.
4			electronics	manufacturing	sale	technology	apple	pricing	innovation	samsung	industry			chip sales boost samsung by 46 samsung electronicss quarterly profit jumped 46 per cent from a year ago on strong memory chip sales, but fell 14 per cent from the previous quarter as prices of flat screens for tv and computers fell.
2			coaching	baseball	espn	wisconsin	basketball	sport	michigan	recruiting	football	alabama			no. 4 georgia tech drills michigan 99 68 georgia tech raised its final four banner before the game, then played like a team that could win it all. the fourth ranked yellow jackets took control with a 20 0 run, led by 27 points at halftime and went on to rout michigan 99 68 tuesday night in the acc big ten challenge.
4			mobile	network	privacy	technology	nokia	wireless	networking	competition			verizon wireless makes an appeal to rival's subscribers cingular wireless is under attack from its biggest rival, verizon wireless, which is trying to recapture the top spot in the cellphone industry.
4			computer	dell	chip	intel	software	technology	hp	silicon	linux			hp is world's top chip buyer, study says hewlett packard will shell out $ 16.1 billion for chips in 2005, but dell's wallet is wide open, too.
4			trading	chip	intel	technology	stock	japan	silicon	industry			tokyo stocks climb to a two week high tokyo stocks climbed to a two week high on friday after tokyo electron ltd. and other chip related stocks were boosted by a bullish revenue outlook from industry leader intel corp.
2			politics	baseball	history	prep	college	sport	recruiting	football			rams subdue prep once is a fluke. twice is a coincidence. a third time would be a trend, and that's something st. john's prep coach jim o'leary desperately wants to avoid after his eagles were shut out for the second game in a row in a 40 0 loss to marshfield yesterday.
4			mobile	electronics	television	privacy	technology	advertising	tv	phone			the boob tube on your smartphone handset manufacturers unite to develop tv enabled mobile phones, but dont expect to watch survivor on your cell phone anytime soon.
4			mobile	device	microsoft	nokia	technology	smartphone			nokia preminet the next generation in content delivery entering a market where there are already several well established players nokias preminet open service model solution is being heralded as the next generation of content delivery systems for wireless devices.
4			computer	manufacturing	networking	technology	power	hp	ibm	computing	industry			ibm opens up on power processors ibm has formed an industry consortium, called , to open up the process of building power processors. is intended to give ibm 's partners better access to the power technology so that they
4			computer	pc	device	hardware	pcs	technology	ibm	gateway	silicon	windows			gateway 's pcs, notebooks available at microcenter pc maker gateway inc. said on sunday its new line of notebooks, desktop personal computers and monitors aimed at retail markets will be available at micro center 's 20 stores in the united states.
4			application	manufacturing	demand	technology	innovation	industry			peoplesoft announces peoplesoft demand flow manufacturing and ... san diego business wire oct. 11, 2004 breakthrough peoplesoft enterpriseone 8.11 applications enable manufacturers to become demand driven.
4			electronics	taiwan	chip	technology	semiconductor	patent	silicon			tsmc, freescale to jointly develop chip technology taiwan semiconductor manufacturing co. ltd. tsmc , the world's largest contract chip maker, has teamed up with freescale semiconductor inc. to jointly develop soi silicon on insulator technology for chips made using a 65 nanometer nm process, the companies said in a statement tuesday.
4			mobile	china	technology	smartphone	nokia	phone	industry			global handset sales reached record in 2nd quarter survey global handset sales rose to record levels in the second quarter, putting the industry on track to ship 650 million cell phones in 2004 as market leader nokia halted its decline, a survey said on thursday.
4			television	programming	software	standard	technology	multimedia	tv	windows			converged home entertainment standard mooted the universal home application programmer interface forum is working on a specification for analog and digital television designed to enable the creation of middleware and application software
4			glass	electronics	computer	technology	vision			electronic eye devised to help blind cross roads an electronic eye that can be fitted to a pair of glasses could help the blind cross roads more safely, scientists said on friday.
4			processor	computer	computing	linux	hardware	microsoft	networking	intel	security	windows			supercomputing windows skips itanium 2 microsoft will support only x86 processors with 64 bit extensions when it releases a special version of windows server for high performance computing next year, leaving support for intel 's itanium 2 chip to a later, unspecified date.
4			computer	technology	people	simon	money			simon lok is brash and brilliant and intense, a 26 year old computer scientist with a teensy company and big, conqueror dreams. he has developed an elegant little networking box that shuts out intruders and costs 80 less than the gear hawked by the giants he despises cisco, lucent, those guys.
1			politics	election	violence	terrorism	africa	security			senior african union officials hold emergency consultations on ... senior african union officials will meet on saturday for emergency talks on the conflict that has reignited in ivory coast, threatening to undermine efforts to restore peace in neighbouring countries, an official said.
2			coaching	baseball	nfl	football			staying course on rocky road donahue gets 4 year extension from ... the 49ers announced a four year extension for general manager terry donahue in a news conference tuesday with donahue and owner john york.
4			cable	network	privacy	broadband	technology	regulation	telecom	communication	telecommunication			telecom '04 verizon, comcast execs slam regulation cable met telecommunications monday at the telecom '04 trade show in las vegas as the top executives of verizon communications inc. and comcast corp. both urged decreased regulation of communications in a joint keynote appearance.
3			business	revenue	trade	sale	fishing	piracy	profit	industry			pier 1 second quarter profit falls home furnishings retailer pier 1 imports inc. on tuesday said quarterly profit fell more than 40 percent as sluggish sales and heavy discounts to lure shoppers took their toll.
4			payload	hardware	technology	personnel	equipment	nasa	spacecraft	astronaut	space			space station crew conducts final spacewalk of mission the crew of the international space station is conducting the fourth and final spacewalk of its six month mission friday to install and replace equipment.
3			trend	technology	economics	company	tech	stock	finance	money	industry			us stocks rise as oil eases, techs surge u.s. stocks moved higher on friday, as oil prices edged down and peoplesoft inc. and chip related stocks boosted the tech heavy nasdaq to its highest level in more than two months.
3			trend	biotechnology	company	stock	finance	profit	research	money			amgen quarterly profit falls amgen inc. , the world's biggest biotechnology company, on wednesday reported a lower third quarter profit related to the acquisition of another biotech company.
4			mobile	device	network	mobility	technology	nfc	smartphone	wireless	telecommunication	phone			cell phones double as credit cards motorola will test handsets that include wireless payment functions.
3			product	business	java	marketing	ibm	accounting	productivity	sap	industry			sap releases new version of business one german business software vendor sap ag released a new version of its sap business one software with several functions designed for small and medium size manufacturers.
2			baseball	basketball	sport	football	fashion	hoop	class			taking long way around for hoop dream as a walk on player with the 2001 02 university of west virginia basketball team, aubrey guastalli wore uniform no. 13.
4			network	ethernet	technology	encryption	networking	security	linux			802.11a comes out fighting analysis prospects bright in the wi fi arena
4			taiwan	network	technology	telecom	communication	telecommunication	industry			tcl communication makes satisfactory debut in hkex tcl communication technology holdings limited tcl communication , one of the leading mobile handset manufacturers in the chinese mainland made its debut on hkex hong kong exchanges and clearings limited monday.
1			election	britain	politics	england	labour	democracy	strategy	blair			labour in brighton: tony s top ten tony blair made an impassioned appeal for labour to put iraq behind them as he outlined 10 policy pledges to win a historic third term in power.
4			product	java	c	software	industry			borland to provide uml support to microsoft visual studio 2005 ... vancouver, british columbia business wire oct. 26, 2004 borland together products to support software factories, an emerging industry approach to making software development more efficient and predictable.
4			virus	computer	pc	technology	pcs	cancer	infection	education			schools weather pc onslaught schools across the washington region relied on stringent new security precautions that helped quarantine infected pcs before they even had a chance to spread their disease.
4			relationship	technology	marketing	internet	networking	money			enters social networking scene online retailer is inviting itself into the expanding social networking scene, acquiring a web site that rewards members with checks or gift certificates if they persuade others to buy their favorite products. the purchase of piggybacks on a growing phenomenon: online services that link people with common interests and friends, creating bonds that transcend social, economic and geographic boundaries...
4			computer	biotechnology	privacy	technology	tech	innovation	education	industry			technology secretary for virginia steps down virginia 's secretary of technology, george c. newstrom, said yesterday that he is stepping down from the post after more than two years on the job.
2			baseball	college	espn	volleyball	bc	sport	boston	basketball			bc doubles up fordham basketball games are most often decided by a crucial run, but last night was simply a runaway as the boston college women's team routed fordham, 82 40, before a crowd of 630 at conte forum.
3			growth	profit	finance	competition	money	recession	industry			unilever cuts profit growth forecasts as clouds gather over sector unilever, the consumer goods giant, slashed its profit growth forecasts yesterday in the face of poor sales, weakening consumer spending and tough competition.
4			processor	computer	chip	hardware	technology	power	hp	intel	linux			end of the line for hp's alpha the last processor of the chip family is due monday, signaling the end of a dynasty that never was.
2			coaching	baseball	afc	patriot	espn	sport	nfl	football	playoff	quarterback			patriots get record win the new england patriots set an nfl record for consecutive wins, with plenty of help from the winless miami dolphins, in a 24 10 victory.
4			mobile	device	technology	nokia	smartphone	blackberry	phone			nokia 's ollila says global mobile phone users reach 1.7 billion nokia oyj chief executive officer jorma ollila said there are 1.7 billion mobile phone users globally, equivalent to 26 percent penetration, and market growth will come from camera phones and so called smartphones.
2			baseball	television	basketball	sport	football	tv			a fortunate change it was monday night football the way it was meant to be played, minus nicollette sheridan.
4			hacking	safety	network	privacy	technology	vulnerability	protection	encryption	security			aol to offer service to fight hackers most it managers won 't question the importance of security, but this priority has been sliding between the third and fourth most important focus for companies.
4			software	privacy	technology	copyright	apple	innovation	patent			details emerge in honeywell 's suit against apple honeywell on wednesday announced that it has filed suit in federal court against apple computer inc. and more than thirty other companies, alleging infringement over a 1994 patent that describes technology
4			product	electronics	computer	television	technology	marketing	fashion	tv	consumer			selling lifestyle and tvs tweeter is caught in the wal mart pickle. known for top of the line electronics and custom installations, the canton retailer has been squeezed ever since wal mart began selling televisions en masse.
4			electronics	computer	hacking	manufacturing	hardware	software	technology	tech	security			comdial extends sip to branch offices with the economy slowly turning up, upgrading hardware has been on businesses radar in the past 12 months as their number two priority.
4			product	storage	technology	marketing	nas	networking	vendor	availability			emc expands nas offerings emc quote, chart is expanding its network attached storage nas offerings with two new midrange options and a high end product.
4			dell	computer	linux	manufacturing	technology	power	blade	server			dell introduces new blade servers dell has introduced a new line of blade servers, the poweredge 1855 series, equipped with dual xeon processors. the computer maker says its blades take up less space, cost less and are more economical to operate than traditional servers.
3			business	investing	technology	marketing	finance	patent	cancer	education			palmsource names jean louis gassee chairman of the board palmsource today announced jean louis gassee has been appointed chairman of the palmsource board of directors. gassee, 60, was appointed to the company 's board of directors in may 2002.
2			coaching	baseball	espn	basketball	sport	boston	football	celtics	pierce	racism			celtics' pierce apologizes to coach boston celtics captain paul pierce apologized for arguing with coach doc rivers, one day after being benched for not hustling.
1			election	america	abortion	politics	democrat	democracy	race	censorship			don't slit your wrists over election, michael moore urges democrats outspoken us filmmaker michael moore urged despondent democrats not to slit their wrists over the outcome of the us election that gave president george w. bush another four year term.
1			election	politics	democracy	race	iran	corruption	iraq	terrorism	afghanistan			afghan leader starts a race by dismissing key governor president hamid karzai chose the third anniversary yesterday of the sept. 11 attacks on the united states to launch his election manifesto and to effectively dismiss a powerful governor, hours after pledging to rein in regional clan leaders.
2			medal	doping	olympics	athletics	sport	athlete	competition	gymnastics	men			american hamm claims men's gymnastics all round crown paul hamm became the first american man to claim the olympic gymnastics men's all round gold medal on wednesday.
4			ibm	computer	technology	machine	nasa	speed	computing	linux			ibm 's blue gene wins fastest supercomputer honors ibm quote, chart secured the top spot in the rankings for world 's fastest supercomputer as blue gene l ran at a sustained speed of 36.
4			computer	manufacturing	price	technology	performance	pricing	cost	intel	linux			intel pentium 4 prices slashed by 35 the price of the pentium 4 560 is now priced at $ 417 from $ 637, while prices of other desktop pentium 4 chips are cut by 18 percent to 33 percent.
4			cooperation	computer	network	collaboration	technology	innovation	networking	patent			web founder promotes future cooperation the inventor of the world wide web told a technology conference on wednesday that making the web more useful hinges on a familiar challenge: getting the players behind the technology to agree on standards governing how computers communicate with one another.
1			politics	election	controversy	divorce	option	debate	alternative			high court cases show 2 sides of conservatism washington ; the u.s. supreme court can ignore the usual liberal versus conservative divide in the next two weeks when it takes up california centric cases on medical marijuana and the direct shipping of wine to consumers. instead, the justices will be forced to decide between competing versions of conservatism.
4			computer	device	intel	technology	hp	silicon	computing	linux			intel expands intel centrino mobile technology with new intel ... intel corporation yesterday introduced the intel pentium m processor 765, expanding its mobile processor offerings and enabling a broader range of intel centrino mobile technology based notebooks for corporate and home users.
4			technology	company	google	innovation	research	cancer	money			update 3 alpharma launches generic of pfizer 's neurontin alpharma inc. alo.n: quote, profile, research on friday began selling a cheaper generic version of pfizer inc. 's pfe.n: quote, profile, research $ 3 billion a
2			coaching	germany	sport	football	transfer	bundesliga	training	coach	tennis			update 1 rangnick appointed schalke coach bundesliga club schalke 04 named former stuttgart and hanover coach ralf rangnick as their new trainer on tuesday in succession to jupp heynckes.
2			coaching	america	baseball	basketball	sport	football	coach	competition	woman	racism			basketball: us coach right behind team their character questioned and commitment belittled, the united states men 's team responded to their critics by taking the bronze with a gold medal effort.
4			business	software	privacy	technology	encryption	seo	sap	security			sap offers new security service sap ag said today that it 's offering customers a new service to ensure the security of sap systems.
1			politics	election	justice	corruption	reform	change	canada	diversity			federal parties strike deal on overhauling supreme court nominations ottawa cp the federal parties have struck a deal for a new process to overhaul in the way supreme court justices are selected, ndp leader jack layton said monday.
4			safety	linux	privacy	technology	encryption	protection	networking	security	reliability			open source on the line roundup linux shapes up as a software standard for cell phone networks. also: california sees security in open source.
4			computer	game	gaming	software	programming	technology	child	kid	math			software now available for the new gaming season christmas is just around the corner and major computer games software publishers are readying their wares for the festive season. but these latest games are not your typical children 's programs.
2			baseball	game	nbc	network	espn	sport	technology	football			espn to offer phone service through sprint sports cable channel espn will launch its own branded wireless phone service next year, the first in a series of branded cell phone services planned by the walt disney co., which owns espn.
4			electronics	security	electricity	hacking	privacy	technology	energy	phone			briefly: spyware bill moves to senate roundup plus: supercomputer center gets new no. , caltech offer low tech voting advice...siemens builds phone to detect bad breath.
4			mobile	network	mobility	technology	broadband	transport			o2 outlines 3g catch up strategy o2 has outlined its plans to catch up with 3g rivals orange and vodafone by rolling out what it claims will be europe 's first super fast 3g mobile data network.
4			ibm	network	ethernet	technology	cisco	telecommunication	networking	patent	switch			cisco first quarter profits up 29 percent cisco systems inc.'s fiscal first quarter profits jumped 29 percent as the network equipment giant saw growth in its traditional routing markets as well as its emerging technologies like internet telephone and home networking gear.
4			security	computer	hacking	privacy	technology	encryption	internet	email	surveillance			computer security survey finds awareness gap most computer users believe they are safe from online threats even as their machines fall victim to viruses and spyware, according to a survey released on monday.
4			mobile	mobility	telecom	broadband	wireless	nokia	technology	telecommunication	phone			t mobile tries on start up's wireless gear flarion technologies is making its european debut by powering t mobile's wireless broadband service in the hague.
2			baseball	injury	retirement	basketball	sport	fatigue	football	health			colts thrive during grueling four game stretch indianapolis colts defensive tackle montae reagor could feel the weariness long before thursday 's game at detroit. the constant hits, the barrage of meetings, the quick pivots from game plan to game plan had already worn down his body and mind.
2			baseball	hockey	espn	volleyball	athletics	sport	boston	basketball	football			chelmsford what: miaa division 1a super bowl. where: bentley college in waltham. when: saturday at 4:30 p.m. last meeting: sept. 17 a 21 7 a b win .
3			telecommunication	telecom	business			telecom q1 result on track telecom reported first quarter net earnings after tax of $ 193 million, an increase of 19.1 percent on the same quarter in 2003. reported net earnings included an abnormal item of $ 10 million relating to the
4			diabetes	mobility	biotechnology	technology	health	cancer			digital dentistry university of colorado school of dentistry students no longer struggle with heavy backpacks.instead, they carry 12 inch wireless powerbooks from home to class to the patient simulations clinic. oct 21
4			mobile	computer	computing	technology	smartphone	nokia	ibm	blackberry	phone			treo and blackberry compete for phone pda crown it was 10 years ago that ibm and bellsouth teamed up to create the first device that merged a cell phone with a digital organizer.
4			trend	technology	company	growth	innovation	silicon	security	industry			stocks near flat, starbucks, techs fall u.s. blue chips were near unchanged on thursday but technology stocks slipped, as a broker downgrade on the semiconductor industry rattled investors, while coffee shop chain starbucks sbux.o disappointed with slowing growth.
2			baseball	magic	basketball	steal	sport	football	detroit	money			pistons get gift from knicks they were in desperate need of a victory, and the new york knicks gift wrapped one for them on wednesday. detroit 11 10 pulled off one of its more improbable wins, getting a pair of
4			trend	biotechnology	technology	economics	aging	growth	innovation	health	research	industry			slowdown seen in key industry employment growth in washington state 's biopharmaceutical industry is expected to slow in the next decade, according to a milken institute report that will be released today.
4			cable	technology	telecom	internet	broadband	telecommunication			adelphia to sell at t net phone service the move follows a string of similar deals between ma bell and cable operators, as it looks to aggressively market voip.
2			baseball	sport	football	kid	cubs	fun			fun for one, fun for all after spending a rotten weekend in the big apple, one that left them with frayed nerves and short tempers, the cubs were in dire need of a laugher upon their return to wrigley field.
2			mobile	game	network	espn	sport	football			espn to enter us mobile market the sports media company espn will introduce a branded mobile service and cell phones next year in the u.s., becoming the latest in a growing number of companies entering the mobile market on the strength of established audiences.
4			network	connectivity	ethernet	technology	cisco	telecommunication	networking	ibm	switch			cisco announces integrated services routers aimed at smbs and smes cisco systems has announced new integrated services routers capable of delivering wire speed data, voice, video and other advanced services to the small and medium sized business and enterprise branch office market segments.
4			flash	device	usb	storage	technology	performance	networking	memory	silicon			spansion unveils serial flash memory, 512mbit nor flash spansion, a joint venture between amd and fujitsu, on november 2 debuted a lineup of low density serial flash memory chips and a high density nor flash memory chip based on its mirrorbit technology.
4			human	privacy	technology	marketing	communication	people	consumer	money			customer service: the hunt for a human in the internet age, making telephone contact with a human for customer service is a daunting task. but some consumers have found ways around the blockade.
1			election	politics	democracy	voting	voter	turnout			what colorado's amendment 36 means for america... during the nineties, our state saw an increase in population, due to the californians who we like to bitch about migrating to our low tax low smog state. though most of us natives like to bitch about their supposedly shallow, urban sprawl, rude soccer mom, cell phone, and shopping mall ways, they have done something useful and actually turned us backwards hillbilly, gun toting, republican loving rednecks into a swing state. now we have to deal with traffic on i 25 being snarled for hours whenever dick cheney decides to send his motorcade through rush hour. the most important issue on the ballot in our state is amendment 36, which would change our electoral voting from winner takes all to a proportional voting system.
1			election	politics	beijing	democracy	china	corruption	reform	russia			china party chief rules out democracy chinese communist party chief hu jintao called for parliament to take a stronger watchdog role on the eve of a key leadership meeting but ruled out western style democracy for china in a sign any reform would be incremental.
4			brand	product	sale	technology	marketing	advertising	toy	industry			toys r us has faithful friends toy manufacturers decide to support toys r us with exclusive products and advertising.
4			developer	earthquake	java	software	technology	oracle	ibm	industry			developers prep for oracle third party software developers that make their living selling add on enterprise resource planning applications are bracing for a seismic shift in their business.
1			politics	america	election	history	democracy	clinton	washington	freedom	money			for democrats, library a place to raise voices weeks don't get much better if you are william jefferson clinton. for the third time in 12 eventful years, this proud southern city is bedecked with bunting and banners to welcome the world, this time for today's opening of clinton's 165 million presidential library.
2			basketball	football			jets 29, texans 7 chad pennington made some great throws and some ugly ones. he took a few hits, too. while his return from a strained right rotator cuff was far from perfect, curtis martin was stellar yet again, and the two
4			computer	linux	hardware	technology	hp	networking	ibm	intel	computing	windows			intel and amd battle for dual core chips advanced micro devices amd showcased its dual core x86 opteron microprocessor this week. the upcoming dual core cpu for the enterprise enviornment is expected to debut in mid 2005 and was housed in a hp proliant dl585 server.
3			revenue	efficiency	price	cost	profit	money	industry			whirlpool profit falls as costs rise appliance maker whirlpool corp. on wednesday said quarterly profit was about flat as it was pressured by higher raw material and oil costs.
1			election	politics	violence	democracy	privacy	litigation	fraud	maryland			md. voting machine custody debated a volunteer maryland election worker touched off a frenzied legal effort in montgomery county yesterday after he refused to return a touch screen voting machine, telling state election officials he intended to let an expert hired by cbs news examine it.
4			computer	electricity	biotechnology	technology	sunlight	solar	power	plant	energy			mit researchers work to power computers with spinach researchers at the massachusetts institute of technology say they have used spinach to harness a plant's ability to convert sunlight into energy for the first time, creating a device that may one day power laptops, mobile phones and more.
4			battery	computer	chip	hardware	intel	technology	power	silicon	linux			intel shows mystery dual core desktop chip dismissively of course that wasn 't going to try to match amd 's little dual core opteron demo coup of last week and show off a dual core xeon at the intel developer forum this week and as good as its word it didn 't.
1			election	politics	democracy	china	transparency	corruption	candidate	money	propaganda			presidential tickets make no difference in dialog the general election commission kpu sponsored dialog has failed to live up to expectations that it would be a forum for presidential candidates to convince the public of their platforms and programs, mass communication experts said on wednesday.
2			coaching	basketball	sport	football	coach			gamecocks coach lou holtz goes hopeful when coach lou holtz set out to revamp south carolina's losing culture this offseason, he took a look at himself as well.
2			racing	ferrari	motorsports	race	sport	motorsport	cycling			future of f1 's british grand prix is secured the british motorsport industry has the opportunity to further enhance its reputation as a world leader after the future of the british grand prix at silverstone was secured, according sports minister richard caborn.
1			politics	abortion	war	democracy	violence	ireland	power	terrorism			now or never, paisley tells ira the ira have been warned by democratic unionist leader the rev ian paisley that it 's now or never to do a deal on power sharing with his party.
4			product	business	trend	technology	update	innovation	networking	analytics	vendor	security			customer views from peoplesoft connect at peoplesofts european conference this week, the vendors senior executives were keen to point out the progress that the firm has made in the past year, including new services to make updates easier for customers.
4			electronics	computer	music	technology	robot			new aibo is a dancing fool latest incarnation of sony's robot hound is a four legged mp3 player. it'll also fetch pictures while you're away.
1			election	politics	democrat	voting	race	immigration	candidate	judge	republican			despite g.o.p. gain, fight over judges remains although republicans made significant gains on election day, their majority of 55 senators still falls five votes short of the 60 needed to break a democratic filibuster.
1			election	america	politics	race	kerry	bush	washington			bush leads in one poll, tied in another president bush has a double digit lead in one new national poll, but he's tied with democrat john kerry in another. both campaigns say their own polling has the race close, with bush's people seeing a slight lead for the president...
3			statistics	company	telecommunication	growth	profit	finance	competition	money	earnings	industry			verizon posts flat third quarter earnings verizon communications inc. , the largest u.s. telecommunications company, on thursday reported third quarter earnings virtually unchanged from the year before as wireless and high speed internet sales offset losses of local phone lines.
3			business	greed	profit	bankruptcy	drug	money	food			department stores are not extinct: fletcher alan kohler: we re now halfway through coles myer 's ambitious five year plan but this week 's record profit announcement produced little more than a yawn from the market, grumbling that it has already priced in the good news.
2			coaching	baseball	basketball	sport	football	wood	coach			under woods, stonehill making some noise when stonehill hired chris woods as its football coach after last season, the hope was he could once again revive a disappointing program.
4			electronics	computer	pc	mac	technology	pcs	silicon	computing	linux			chips trend upward advanced micro devices chief executive hector de jesus ruiz said friday he expects the pc market to grow 10 percent next year, as the industry experiences a pickup in it spending by corporations that are in desperate need of replacing old computers.
2			boxing	statistics	england	soccer	bolton	sport	club	football	stadium			play it differently, sam: jussi jskelinen at bolton already last season bolton wanderers, a modern day minnow even if they were one of the founder members of the football league in 1888, managed to cause a measure of astonishment in the english premiership.
4			linux	network	connectivity	ethernet	networking	technology	hp	switch	server			hp partners brocade on bladesystem servers hewlett packard has joined with brocade to integrate brocade 's storage area network switching technology into hp bladesystem servers to reduce the amount of fabric infrastructure needed in a datacentre.
1			election	politics	democrat	voting	race	kerry	candidate	mccain	republican			stand by your man: parties defend candidates after bush kerry debate republican and democratic leaders each declared victory after the first head to head sparring match between president george w. bush and democratic presidential hopeful john kerry.
3			business	ceo	china	management	technology	company	finance	strategy	bankruptcy			manugistics fires its president manugistics group inc. disclosed yesterday that it fired its president, as the maker of business software tries to reverse slipping sales, rising costs and a falling stock price.
4			electronics	music	technology	marketing	japan	advertising	fashion	innovation	design			technology as fashion analyzing the success of the ipod mini in japan, japanconsuming writes, the ipod mini is in fact one of those all too rare examples of an ideal product for the japanese market. it is a product that does something useful, does it really well, and looks terrific too. none of these factors on their own is enough to make the ipod mini a success; their combination, through deft and creative implementation of function, is what makes the difference. add in some tried and tested limited supply marketing, a store that looks as good as louis vuitton and a high impact award winning advertising campaign that has covered tokyo in pink, green and yellow for weeks, and some of the reasons for the ipod mini phenomenon can be understood. aug 10
3			trading	share	company	stock	finance	pricing	competition	banking	merger			fee cuts take toll on stock exchange profits cuts in listing fees forced by an office of fair trading inquiry have left london stock exchange swallowing a 6 per cent fall in interim operating profits.
1			election	indonesia	politics	democracy	political	corruption	uncertainty	jakarta	information			megawati accepts election result there is still some political uncertainty in indonesia despite a speech by president megawati sukarnoputri in which she said the election result has to be accepted by all.
2			boxing	doping	judo	athletics	sport	football	weightlifting	greece	athlete			greek weightlifter stripped of bronze greek weightlifter leonidas sampanis on sunday was stripped of the bronze medal he won last week and banished from the athens games for failing an antidoping test.
4			automobile	electronics	battery	computer	mac	technology	car	power	computing			auto technology keeps power mac cool a desktop computer seems an unlikely place to find a car radiator. but open up the latest rendition of apple computer 's power mac and that is essentially what you ll find.
4			technology	standard	defense	communication	telecommunication	information	security	industry			defense, it companies form standards group the five top u.s. defense contractors, communications companies joined on tuesday with some european rivals to develop technology standards that will allow better communication among future weapons systems.
4			privacy	technology	pornography	porn	video			'virtual girlfriend' demands sweet talk and gifts she needs to be coddled with sweet talk and pampered with gifts, but you'll never see her in the flesh. a hong kong company has developed a virtual girlfriend for new cell phones with video capability...
4			mobile	technology	wireless	smartphone	nokia	ios	phone			nokia 9500 communicator receives wi fi certification nokia announced that its 9500 communicator has been granted ieee 802.11b and wpa certifications by the wi fi alliance. the company also plans to provide the phone with smartner 's duality always on push e mail solution.
3			business	ceo	trend	pay	management	finance	accounting	money			paychex founder, ceo steps down paychex inc., one of the largest us payroll processors, said monday founder thomas golisano has stepped down as president and chief executive and was replaced by jonathan judge, effective immediately.
4			cable	network	privacy	technology	communication	fcc	telecommunication	networking	video			fcc ruling speeds network creation sbc communications inc. and bellsouth corp. will build fiber optic networks for carrying video more quickly after us regulators said they won 't force the phone companies to share the equipment with competitors.
2			doping	basketball	sport	mafia	competition	gymnastics			gymnastics: russia chief blasts 'judging mafia' russia's gymnastics chief leonid arkayev has added his voice to a chorus of public opinion calling for major reforms in his sport, saying olympic gymnasts are powerless against what he called judging mafia.
1			politics	america	election	computer	gaming	democracy	economics	strategy	money			video game review: 'political machine' political couch potatoes who can't get enough of the impending presidential election will find endless fun with the political machine.
2			usa	america	doping	olympics	athletics	sport	race	athlete	cycling			men 's 400 a sweep for the us as bruce springsteen 's born in the usa blared over the olympic stadium loudspeaker monday night, three athletes in red, white and blue began a slow victory lap.
4			job	developer	india	software	technology	innovation	industry			in healthy indian job market, developers want it all as hiring picks up in bangalore, india, the city's software professionals are again acquiring the spoiled brat image they had in the late 1990s, when the dot com boom increased staff requirements at indian outsourcing companies.
4			electronics	christmas	computer	magic	technology	car	tech	toy	gift			our holiday guide to ... holiday guides sorting out which mp3 player is best, how to select a gaming console or making sense of high tech tvs can become as much a chore as decorating your house for the holidays. enter the ever popular tech gadget gift buying guide.
3			income	business	company	growth	finance	profit	money	industry			lennar 3q profit up by 12 home builder lennar corp. reported a 12 percent rise in quarterly profit monday, and a stable economy led it to raise its profit forecasts for the current and following year.
2			baseball	brady	sport	football	money			milloy won't be ready for patriots injured buffalo bills safety lawyer milloy ruled out any chance of returning to face the patriots next month. that means milloy, who broke his right forearm in a preseason game aug. 28, will miss at least another three weeks, including the oct. 3 game against the patriots in buffalo. believe me, i would love to come back for that game, ...
4			portal	india	business	technology	internet	email			icq launches improved e mail service longtime instant messaging player icq is going the portal route with the launch of two new e mail services for its 20 million users.
2			coaching	boxing	injury	baseball	basketball	sport	football	detroit	nba	pistons			artest expresses regret over brawl with detroit fans indiana pacers forward ron artest has admitted that he regrets charging into the stands to fight detroit pistons fans last friday, sparking an ugly brawl that led to his suspension for the rest of the season.
4			analysis	network	connectivity	ethernet	technology	networking	analytics			analysis: if it 's embedded, it better be good it 's happened many times before, most notably with dial up modems and ethernet interfaces: a new network technology initially appears as an add on, but over time, the technology
4			electronics	battery	computer	software	privacy	technology	innovation			making disk drives the star of the show agere is working to make tiny drives the heart of mp3 players and other devices. but are nonstandard approaches worth the risk?
4			ios	technology	company	apple	email	industry			apple jumps ahead of hp ipod, imac launch p p p san francisco reuters shares of apple computer inc. aapl.o rose to an almost four year high on thursday ahead of the launch of hewlett packard co.'s hpq.n version of the ipod digital music player and apple's revamped imac computer. p
2			america	baseball	sport	golf	football	money			euros manage major victory don 't cry for team usa it would take something a lot more traumatic than this to have made dinner taste bitter last night at the oakland hills country club.
3			money	cost	business	bankruptcy			bankruptcy filing says united needs to cut $ 500 million more in ... chicago united airlines has revealed it needs to cut 500 m million dollars more in costs than previously stated. the disclosure, filed yesterday, was not mentioned during a previously scheduled hearing this
4			cable	network	privacy	technology	bandwidth	broadband	internet	telecommunication	networking			high court petitioned on cable net access rule the bush administration has asked the supreme court to overturn a decision that requires cable companies to open their high speed internet networks to rival online providers.
3			business	revenue	technology	company	growth	finance	competition	money	industry			siebel raises forecast, stock up 16 pct. business software maker siebel systems inc. on monday said third quarter revenue would beat wall street estimates, driven by a rebound in licensing revenue, sending its shares up almost 16 percent.
1			politics	election	controversy	history	oath	voting	religion	pledge	debate			house blocks court on pledge case rulings the house, in an emotionally and politically charged debate six weeks before the election, voted thursday to protect the words under god in the pledge of allegiance from further court challenges.
4			industry	mobile	music	technology	smartphone	media			vodafone launches music 3g and its handsets make a step to answer the need for all in one mobile media devices. the company expects 3g to begin gaining mass market
4			statistics	computer	business	data	privacy	technology	information	networking	email			computerworld data points outsourcing beef up your powerpoint presentations with our newest collection of outsourcing facts. as part of our outscoucing special report and knowledge center, data points are compiled to help it executives make business and technology decisions.
4			statistics	computer	graphic	manufacturing	technology	performance	copyright	patent	industry			ati technologies 4th qtr profit doubles as sales rise ati technologies inc., the world 's second biggest maker of computer graphics chips, said fourth quarter net income more than doubled, helped by sales of graphics enhanced cell phones and high definition televisions.
1			politics	religion	violence			annan calls on myanmar leaders to remain committed to ... concerned by reports of the dismissal and detention of the prime minister of myanmar, united nations secretary general kofi annan today called on the country 's authorities to remain committed to the process of national reconciliation
2			gymnastics	life	basketball	sport	football	competition	money			gymnastics pettiness is all around if international gymnastics is a brick house, the mortar holding it together is a conglomerate of finger pointing, dubious judging, scandal, complaining and bald faced weeping.
1			election	politics	democracy	kiev	voting	russia	voter	ukraine	vote			voting opens in ukraine election kiev: voting began sunday in ukraine 's presidential elections, seen as a critical test for the future of democratic development in the former soviet state, a foreign news agency reported.
1			politics	violence	democracy	war	nothing	peace	terrorism	action	fear			darfur is all about talk and no action listening to the saber rattling emanating from western countries that are angry about the humanitarian crisis in the western sudan region of darfur, one would conclude that strong international action is about to be carried out on behalf of the more than
1			politics	election	violence	democracy	war	peace	iraq	religion	conflict	terrorism			iraqi cleric calls cease fire after bloody uprising rebel shi'ite cleric moqtada al sadr has ordered his militia to end attacks on u.s. and iraqi government forces and will soon unveil plans to pursue his goals through politics rather than conflict, aides said monday.
4			biotechnology	technology	tech	innovation	education	industry			the changing face of campus tech seadour writes cnet news has an interesting perspective on the changing face of technology on campus. these days, students are showing more interest in the tech perks that campuses have to offer, and universities are taking notice.
4			electronics	ibm	computer	technology	automation	telecommunication	energy	patent	industry			presse economique high tech chicago business wire sept. 14, 2004 ibm a annonc ce jour le lancement d une large suite de services visant acclrer les avantages des systmes d identification par radiofrquence pour les entreprises industrielles et du mid market.
2			baseball	kobe	basketball	sport	recruiting	football	sidekick	stats			wade enjoying sidekick role dwyane wade calls himself a sidekick, gladly accepting the role kobe bryant never wanted in los angeles. and not only does second year heat point
4			faster	technology	acceleration	performance	time	ibm	speed	computing			ibm claims supercomputer speed crown an ibm supercomputer still under development has set an unofficial new world speed record during testing, the company announced on wednesday.
4			network	privacy	technology	wireless	internet	broadband	telecommunication	speed			fcc insists broadband deployment improving u.s. communications regulators on thursday insisted the united states was making progress in rolling out high speed internet service, despite falling further behind other countries.
3			politics	america	television	business	car	marketing	advertising	commercial	money			automakers look to rev up sales with fun new ads tired of the heavy political ads, the ones that weigh you down with negativity, blame for national problems and division? now there 's less reason to fret the breaks in your tv shows.
4			electronics	noise	engineering	music	technology	sound	architecture	audio			building a better soundtrap after centuries of guesswork, architects have a high tech way to hear the acoustics of buildings they haven't yet built.
3			politics	baseball	business	race	sport	investing	wealth	money			investing big money, lending their fame celebrities bolster investor interest in prince george's county as more businesses chase the rising wealth of the black middle class.
3			product	inflation	buying	marketing	consumption	advertising	consumer	money	industry			consumer sentiment improves in november u.s. consumers have grown more cheerful so far this month as the hotly contested presidential election drew to a close and job prospects seemed to improve, according to a survey released on friday.
4			computer	graphic	printer	laser	printing	technology	color			lexmark spruces up color lasers lexmark international is shipping new color laser printers with faster speeds, enhanced media handling capabilities and cost saving features.
4			connectivity	technology	corruption	infrastructure	development	information	transportation	education			nasscom urges wb to boost infrastructure west bengal government should give more emphasis to infrastructure development by building more roads, rapid transit and communication systems for providing a conducive environment to the information technology sector, nasscom president kiran karnik said
4			java	convergence	collaboration	integrate	software	integration	architecture	fusion			integration plays key role in oracle 's upcoming 11i.10 integration is a key factor with any large erp implementation and ongoing maintenance, and oracle corp. is catching on. at its london based openworld event this week oracle announced better integration between
4			product	electronics	trend	sale	technology	profit	consumer	money	industry			best buy quarterly profit jumps 21 pct. best buy co. inc. , the top u.s. electronics retail chain, on wednesday posted a 21 percent rise in quarterly profit and said it gained market share in the period.
4			electronics	computer	device	hardware	technology	mit	silicon	computing			mit aims to make computing easy professor wants to redesign chip software and hardware for the mobile age, creating chips that can power chameleon devices.
4			mobile	privacy	technology	smartphone	blackberry			rim's blackberry subscribers top 2 mln the blackberry wireless e mail device is now being used by a record two million subscribers, less than a year after it topped the one million market, research in motion ltd. rim said on wednesday.
4			authentication	organization	application	collaboration	technology	identity	security			ibm sets date for new tools bundle com october 13, 2004, 5:30 am pt. this fourth priority 's main focus has been enterprise directories as organizations spawn projects around identity infrastructure.
4			technology	microsoft	marketing	information	seo	email			study reveals decline in it customer loyalty walkerinformation, a 65 year old company that focuses on surveying customer brand loyalty, released its 2004 study of it vendors this week, entitled, customer loyalty management for information technology.
2			baseball	schedule	espn	basketball	conference	sport	acc	recruiting	football	scheduling			expansion alters format with the expansion of the acc, the men's basketball schedule will not incorporate the double round robin format in which each school plays every other twice.
4			hacking	privacy	technology	encryption	email	security			earthlink, yahoo test new antispam system earthlink inc. and yahoo inc. said today they would begin tests of a new anti spam technology that encodes digital signatures into customers e mail as a way to separate legitimate messages from unwanted spam.
1			election	politics	israel	war	violence	democracy	iran	iraq	terrorism			iraqi president says polls should go ahead iraqi elections should go ahead as planned in january despite mounting violence unless the united nations says it is not feasible, interim president ghazi al yawar says.
4			product	arm	engineering	manufacturing	technology	automation	patent	industry			arm to buy designer of systems on a chip with the acquisition of artisan components, arm will get 340 employees, plus facilities in california and india.
4			california	technology	solar	power	energy	silicon			fedex to build 2nd largest u.s. private solar system fedex corp. , the world's largest air express shipper, on monday said it was building the nation's second largest private solar power system atop its hub in oakland, california.
4			mobile	device	java	mobility	technology	nokia	hp	linux			amd announces new mobile chip for notebooks advanced micro devices announced its plans for a new lineup of mobile athlon 64 bit processors intended for thin and light notebooks.
2			baseball	game	espn	basketball	athletics	sport	football	athlete			juicy matchup is one to savor this is a matchup that makes you think all's right with the sports world after all. the 2005 orange bowl is the comfort food of athletic events.
2			baseball	injury	sport	football			arrington 's status still uncertain lavar arrington 's right knee wasn 't aggravated enough to affect his status for sunday 's game, but apparently it will be enough to keep him out of practice.
3			business	ceo	company	strategy	money			update 3: ceo: altria preparing to break up company tobacco and food giant altria group inc. is moving ahead with preparations to break itself up into two or three businesses, the company 's chairman and ceo said thursday.
4			chip	hardware	technology	microsoft	ip	licensing	patent	intel	linux			microsoft reveals licensing plans for dual core chips the company says it will offer the same per processir software licensing model for hardware containing dual core and multicore technology.
4			electronics	security	computer	fingerprint	privacy	technology	weapon	gun	surveillance			handheld computers aid convention security submachine gun, check. semiautomatic pistol, check. personal digital assistant, check.
3			business	speculation	technology	finance	fraud	research	money			hollinger international gets cash from canwest deal hollinger international inc. hlr.n: quote, profile, research said on friday that it received cash proceeds of about $ 49.1 million on a transaction with canwest global communications corp.
4			computer	life	college	technology	tech	freedom	education			the digital student life free wi fi, subsidized music download services, even free ipods at duke university. there 's no question that high tech perks are a fixture of today 's college experience.
3			business	technology	tech	greed	finance	risk	money	security	industry			siebel, peoplesoft trigger sector bounce just three months ago, investors of technology stocks watched values plummet after some 20 software companies warned wall street that sales would remain lackluster in what turned out to be a brutal second quarter.
4			honda	car	technology	evolution	robot	innovation			honda 's perpetual motion machines there 's something to be said for being the first mover in an industry trend. those years of extra experience in tinkering with a new idea can be invaluable in helping the first
4			ibm	network	china	india	technology	patent	research	industry			3com opens research center in india the facility's 35 engineers will focus on net telephony, says the firm, which plans to double the center's head count within a year.
2			baseball	hockey	skating	basketball	sport	skiing	football	wrestling			chris chelios goes bobsledding in lockout chris chelios grabbed his red helmet, listened to some last minute instructions, and then hit the ice running.
4			science	nasa	statistics	computer	computing	technology	mathematics	patent	astronomy			photos: sgi's columbia supercomputer sgi's supercomputer sets a public record which has been eclipsed by a faster result yet to be announced.
4			electronics	ethernet	wireless	technology	ip	internet	broadband	networking	pcs			ce players unveil broadband on a chip four consumer electronics companies are moving into production of a new 64 bit chip for non pc devices in a bid to address the next generation of broadband services piped into the home.
4			technology	wireless	communication	fcc	telecommunication	networking	spectrum			fcc chief considers wireless merger federal communications commission chairman michael powell said yesterday he ll probably issue a recommendation this month on whether to approve cingular wireless llc 's $ 41 billion purchase of at wireless services inc.
1			politics	million	economics	greed	strategy	finance	money			gop convention may briefly lift stocks fasten your seatbelts. the republicans are in town. if things go smoothly at the republican national convention, the stock market could get a brief boost this week, experts say.
4			windows	computer	linux	hardware	system	machine	networking	computing	server			ibm 's new midrange server allows multiple os environments ibm 's new eserver allows users to run multiple os environments at the same time to increase efficiency. customers can purchase the machine based on the processing power they need. the server comes in configurations from one to four way and ...
4			electronics	lcd	computer	electricity	television	technology	tv			toshiba, m'shita lcd venture to make big tv panels an lcd joint venture between toshiba corp. and matsushita electric industrial co. said on wednesday it would start making large tv displays early next year, entering a rapidly expanding but crowded market.
3			income	revenue	business	sale	loss	growth	profit	bankruptcy	retail			j.c. penney posts profit, sales strong department store operator j.c. penney co. inc. on tuesday posted a quarterly operating profit, reversing a year earlier loss, on inventory controls and strong sales of jeans, home furnishings and career clothes.
4			hacking	surveillance	privacy	technology	encryption	telecommunication	security			caller id spoofing service debuts star38 's service disguises who is making the call but will only be sold to collection agencies, private investigators, and law enforcement personnel.
4			neon	magic	technology			arm reveals neon multimedia extension technology microprocessor designer arm ltd. has developed a new multimedia technology called neon that will help improve the performance of mobile electronics devices that process multiple tasks, the company said monday.
4			network	aviation	privacy	wireless	broadband	internet	technology	telecommunication	networking			feds move on wireless web, cell phones in flight federal regulators have proposed allowing cell phones to be used on airplanes, and took steps toward bringing high speed wireless internet connections to passengers seats.
2			coaching	baseball	safety	basketball	suspension	sport	rule	football	player			players likely to appeal the agent for one suspended indiana pacer is faulting the nba for not considering the players fear for their own safety.
2			coaching	baseball	espn	volleyball	basketball	sport	athletics	football	delaware			game day for umass's brown massachusetts, which beat division 1 aa runner up colgate earlier this year, gets a shot at the 2003 champion today when delaware comes to mcguirk stadium for an atlantic 10 matchup of nationally ranked teams.
3			politics	business	management	marketing	strategy	health	money	food			mcdonald 's ceo says strategy unchanged mcdonald 's mcd newly appointed chief executive jim skinner said friday that there would be no change in strategy at the fast food chain and a recent physical showed he is in good health.
4			product	business	connectivity	technology	cisco	innovation	networking	patent	security			cisco plans to accelerate new product offerings cisco systems ceo john chambers said today that his company plans to offer twice as many new products this year as ever before.
4			computer	network	privacy	wireless	technology	internet	broadband	networking	email	phone			cell phones do broadband if waiting for e mail to download onto your cell phone drives you nuts, try dialing in with one of the new devices available that tap into a speedier, next generation network.
4			network	connectivity	mobility	privacy	wireless	technology	internet	broadband	telecommunication	carrier			sbc opens up wi fi roaming the carrier will give its broadband subscribers access to 3,900 hot spots for $ 1.99 a month.
4			product	manufacturing	sale	technology	semiconductor	performance	manufacturer	patent	silicon	industry			semi expects sales to dip in 05 sales for semiconductor manufacturing equipment is expected to rise sharply in 2004, but decline slightly in 2005, according to a year end consensus forecast released late tuesday by the industry 's largest trade group.
4			wikipedia	computer	privacy	technology	internet	networking	email			new msn messenger beta leaks onto web com october 1, 2004, 11:46 am pt. there 's no doubt the internet will continue to make its mark in the world of business and technology.
4			network	ethernet	broadband	nokia	internet	technology	wireless	networking	speed	linux			experts envision taillights that talk forget bluetooth and uwb. a group of japanese companies believes it's found a better answer for short range networking.
4			computer	linux	network	technology	internet	networking	intel	security	server			intel keeps its eye on the internet in a future with millions of users and devices taxing the net, intel based servers will help out.
4			virus	computer	software	technology	vaccine	hiv	linux			hp to launch virus throttling software san francisco hewlett packard plans to give customers a new weapon against viruses: software that crimps their spread. early next year, the computer maker will begin selling software designed to slow the
4			politics	computer	hacking	privacy	technology	tech	communication	networking	security			wireless tech gets workout at rnc protesters and federal agents are using new tools to communicate with cohorts during the republican national convention.
4			network	privacy	solution	technology	networking	security	linux			3com to buy tippingpoint for $ 430m the deal will add tippingpoint's unityone line of network based intrusion prevention system hardware and software to 3com's stable of enterprise security products.
3			product	business	india	revenue	trend	sale	technology	patent	industry			ati reports record quarterly revenues thanks to pc and consumer product sales, ontario, canadas ati technologies inc. today announced its second consecutive quarter with record revenues.
3			inflation	revenue	trend	price	sale	marketing	growth	profit	money			wal mart raises full year profit outlook wal mart stores inc. , the world's biggest retailer, on tuesday raised its profit forecast for the full year.
1			politics	election	campaign	history	veteran	iraq	washington	mccain	republican			republicans open convention, plan 9 11 tribute republicans opened their national convention on monday to nominate president bush for a second term with plans for four days of tributes to his wartime leadership and his response to the sept. 11, 2001, attacks.
1			politics	america	election	democrat	democracy	race	washington	republican	money			democratic prospects for hill takeover dim in a sharp change from just two months ago, republicans are gaining a commanding position in the race for control of the us house and senate.
3			politics	business	greed	google	money			google search: best laid plans when google first burst on the stock market scene, the guys running the place sounded like political newcomers attaining public office for the first time and vowing to clean up the place: mr.
4			network	privacy	technology	internet	networking	email	security			briefly: hitachi unleashes 100gb notebook drives roundup plus: web services security outfits merge...groups push on for tv on cell holders cut ipo shares.
3			business	ceo	technology	oracle	bankruptcy	corporation	email			oracle may feel peoplesoft's pain after one of the most bitter takeovers in corporate history, the challenge is to stitch the two companies together.
3			news	business	technology	marketing	competition	gun	money	security	fear			taser execs selling heavily on the news shares of taser international inc. have jumped 20 percent since early last week as the stun gun maker issued a slew of announcements painting a positive picture of its business prospects.
3			product	buying	trend	sale	technology	marketing	company	money	industry			best buy profit up, backs year outlook top u.s. electronics chain best buy co. inc. on wednesday posted an 8 percent rise in second quarter net earnings on strong sales of higher priced digital products and curbs on expenses.
4			cooling	silicon	computer	linux	technology	japan	sun	intel	computing	industry			sun unveils ultrasparc iv sun microsystems inc. on tuesday was set to announce its ultrasparc iv microprocessor, the last significant upgrade to the company's processor line before it begins shipping the redesigned chips it calls throughput computing processors, and hands over the task of building chips for the bulk of its systems to fujitsu ltd.
4			mobile	motorola	network	mobility	technology	nokia	patent			motorola 3rd qtr net quadruples; market share drops motorola inc., the world 's second largest maker of mobile phones, said third quarter profit quadrupled as new handset models increased sales.
2			coaching	baseball	australia	rugby	soccer	sport	football	cricket	tennis			johnny warren to make visit to tumut australia 's mr soccer johnny warren has announced he will be visiting tumut later this month as part of his tireless campaign to promote the world game at grass roots level.
4			windows	statistics	application	technology	microsoft	networking	computing	linux			microsoft to launch virtual server 2005 virtualization will get another lift next week when microsoft quote, chart rolls out its virtual server 2005, a product geared to help companies efficiently pool computing resources.
3			business	revenue	shareholder	company	loss	profit	bankruptcy			cingular quarterly operating profit falls mobile service provider cingular wireless, which is buying at t wireless services inc. , said on wednesday third quarter operating profit fell on merger expenses and increasing costs for signing up new customers.
4			computer	linux	manufacturing	chip	technology	hp	semiconductor	intel	computing	industry			hp intel end itanium chip alliance 17 december 2004 computer giant hewlett packard and processor maker intel have ended their costly 10 year partnership to develop itanium chips for server computers, following lacklustre sales.
2			baseball	television	espn	sport	technology	football	tv			san francisco giants to offer wi fi instant replays peanuts, hot dogs and wireless instant replays. it's the future of baseball...
4			device	mobility	connectivity	technology	migration	gateway	networking	pcs	windows			gateway expands pc configuration options gateway plans to overhaul its consumer pc lineup thursday with new configurable models that will be sold exclusively through the company 's web site and call centers.
4			technology	standard	communication	messaging	telecommunication	multimedia	media			cellular companies agree on standards the nation's cellular companies have agreed on a common standard for multimedia messaging that should enable mobile phone users to exchange photos, video and audio clips just as they do e mail, regardless of their wireless carrier.
1			election	politics	democracy	corruption	religion	fraud	money	ethics	murder			database flawed, not malevolent although florida election officials are chastized for being lax in monitoring the company that built a lousy database for tracking felons and dead voters, an internal audit concludes that there was no intent to disenfranchise anyone.
4			business	technology	microsoft	telecommunication	ibm	email	industry			ibm inks 500m voice, data deal with lloyds ibm said monday that it won a 500 million aud $ 1.25 billion , seven year services contract to help move uk bank lloyds tbs from its traditional voice infrastructure to a converged voice and data network.
4			electronics	computer	manufacturing	technology	semiconductor	patent	silicon	security	industry			merck takes down the dow us stocks traded mixed thurday as merck shares lost a quarter of their value, dragging blue chips lower, but the nasdaq moved higher, buoyed by gains in the semiconductor sector.
4			handheld	nintendo	electronics	game	computer	battery	technology	toy			nintendo gets touchy feely nintendo wants you to know that its new handheld is not just another blob of circuitry encased in cold silver plastic. to make this point, my review copy of the nintendo ds came in unusual packaging.
4			electronics	pc	computer	computing	privacy	broadband	technology	consumer	pcs	education			study: americans happier with their pcs us consumers are happier with their pc purchases than they have been in the past three years, with apple computer and dell pleasing them most, according to a report.
3			product	business	technology	economics	company	marketing	competition	industry			the perfect business to determine how good a company is, it helps to consider the characteristics of the perfect business.
2			baseball	violence	basketball	sport	football			riot 's about right: ingredients always there i see the tape of the brawl over and over again, and each time i am stunned. i see the pacers and pistons yapping at each other, then i see items thrown at the indiana players and
4			industry	flash	device	storage	technology	patent	silicon	security	linux			amd shares drop on q3 warning advanced micro devices inc. shares fell tuesday after it said third quarter sales will come in below those reported in the second quarter, citing softness in its flash memory business.
3			buying	trend	sale	marketing	shop	shopping	fashion	consumer	retail			shopping search week 2004! shopping has emerged as one of the most important vertical categories in the specialized search arena, for searchers, advertisers and merchants alike. this week we take a look at what's new and improved in shopping and product comparison search engines.
2			baseball	yankee	sport	football	money	racism			no big deal one day after the yankees worst loss in team history, the boss finally broke his silence. george steinbrenner issued a brief statement wednesday, in which he shrugged off tuesday 's embarrassing 22 0 loss to the cleveland indians.
4			processor	computer	hardware	intel	technology	networking	silicon	computing	linux			amd demos first dual core processor advanced micro devices demonstrated its first dual core microprocessors today using an hp proliant dl585 server running four dual core opteron chips.
1			politics	election	result	democracy	voting	poll	corruption	religion	electoral			voters stick with ruling party botswana s ruling party had won a majority of seats in parliamentary elections, handing president festus mogae a second and final term in office, election officials said today.
4			mobile	network	mobility	technology	wireless	telecommunication	carrier	money			cingular closes $ 41 bln att wireless deal cingular wireless on tuesday closed its $ 41 billion cash purchase of at t wireless services inc. , creating the biggest u.s. mobile service with more than 46 million customers.
4			computer	diversity	privacy	technology	networking	ibm	woman			the case for women in the technology business interview ibm's rebecca george fights her corner
4			computer	network	ethernet	intel	privacy	technology	networking	silicon	linux			intel 's rosedale chip brings wimax closer intel corp. has begun shipping samples of its first wimax chip, called rosedale, and the first network trials based on the technology will start next year, a senior company executive said tuesday.
4			linux	network	java	ethernet	technology	networking	patent	security	windows			sun partners for high speed ethernet sun microsystems will integrate drivers for s2io's xframe 10 gigabit ethernet adapter into the solaris operating system for sparc, amd opteron, and intel xeon servers. in addition, s2io will partner with sun to develop a tcp ip offload engine with remote direct memory access functionality to enhance performance and scalability in intense computer and server environments.
2			baseball	basketball	sport	football	detroit	money	pistons			friday night brawl a disgrace indeed, after friday night 's mayhem in motown, detroit pistons fans can now clearly lay claim to be the biggest idiots in the sporting world, no easy achievment these days, and while many of them were apparently too dumb to realize they were being caught
3			china	investing	technology	economics	company	growth	finance	competition	money	industry			blue chips tumble, caterpillar weighs u.s. blue chip stocks slid lower on thursday, pulled down by industrial bellwether caterpillar inc. , but technology shares remained higher after ebay inc. posted strong earnings.
2			baseball	money	football			messing with perfection the pittsburgh steelers made certain there's nobody unbeaten now in the nfl, except for ben roethlisberger.
4			windows	computer	technology	evolution	microsoft	strategy	linux			at peeks out of the box there are more signs that, at least in theory, the dominance of microsoft 's nasdaq: msft windows operating system may be slightly less potent than, say, a year ago this time.
4			electronics	computer	hacking	cheating	privacy	technology	angle	ethics			indiana man charged with hacking into former employer's systems patrick angle, was charged with intentionally deleting the source code for software he had been developing for massachusetts based varian semiconductor equipment associates.
4			computer	intel	technology	education	performance	math	apple	silicon	computing	linux			intel clouded by back to school fears intel corp. 's upcoming mid quarter report will be closely watched for signs of weak back to school computer sales, though recent market share gains in memory chips could help offset any softness in computer microprocessor demand.
1			politics	america	president	history	election	clinton	washington	money			clinton library reflects its subject's volatile era the william j. clinton presidential center, in little rock, ark., sprawls across eight years of big ambitions and small details.
3			business	ceo	revenue	loss	profit	finance	bankruptcy	risk			peoplesoft posts profit peoplesoft inc. on thursday reported a quarterly net profit, after a year earlier loss, as the company saw stronger sales of its business software than what it had forecast earlier despite its continued fight to block a takeover from rival oracle corp.
4			electronics	computer	graphic	picture	technology	image	photography	design			sony psp provides stylish curves and sharp screen there 's no denying that the psp is a slickly designed gadget with a certain fashionable cachet. the images are breathtaking. not that there 's anything new here in terms of graphics, but seeing
4			computer	linux	hardware	intel	technology	networking	silicon	security	server			newisys paves way for 16 , 32 chip opteron servers company looks to leap past current limit of eight opteron processors in a single server.
4			linux	software	technology	upgrade	migration	change	security	windows			peoplesoft pushes customers to upgrade under threat of hostile takeover, peoplesoft offers freebies to customers that migrate to latest software release
2			politics	america	baseball	sport	football	change			notre dame 's willingham just had too many bad saturdays there has been much talk over the past 36 hours about how notre dame and its football program are now no different from any number of other college football factories littering the landscape.
1			politics	war	democracy	race	dance	dancing	money			new senate dems leader seeks cooperation newly elected senate democratic leader harry reid prodded president bush and republicans on tuesday to join him in working across party lines over the next two years and said, i would always rather dance than fight.
3			investor	speculation	shareholder	company	stock	finance	pricing	money			dreamworks ipo opens at $ 39.50 on wednesday, the company 's shares nyse: dwa were priced at $ 28, according to media reports. that was above the $ 23 to $ 25 range predicted.
4			industry	music	technology	marketing	entertainment	finance	money	media			microsoft biting the apple microsoft nasdaq: msft news is waking up to the music. in the latest attempt to capture the fast growing market of online music the big m is fighting to break the hold apple's nasdaq: aapl news ipod has on the market. the deal is to join up with a big name financial company in hopes of making the sale of music more attractive.
2			baseball	statistics	australia	soccer	athletics	sport	football	cricket	tennis			kewell, viduka in australian squad for oceania soccer final australian coach frank farina has named english premier league players harry kewell and mark viduka in his final 20 man soccer squad to play the solomon islands in the home and away oceania nations cup final series.
4			mobile	network	mobility	wireless	technology	broadband	telecommunication	transport			pccw cautious in uk broadband wireless rollout will launch a fixed wireless service in a 'major city' next year
4			industry	intel	investing	technology	economics	company	apple	silicon	linux			stocks fall as intel update awaited stocks fell on tuesday as a sharp drop in u.s. consumer confidence in august stirred fresh doubt about the economy and analysts lowered revenue forecasts for technology bellwether intel corp.
3			business	sale	technology	marketing	card	advertising	money			new web site allows salespeople to help solve the puzzle of whom to reach it sounds like a 1999 dot com spin on ebay: a new san mateo start up called jigsaw says it is launching a platform where users can buy, sell and trade business cards.
1			election	politics	statistics	computer	florida	democracy	voting	polling			florida e vote study debunked statisticians release an analysis debunking a previous berkeley study that said president bush received more votes than he should have in florida counties that used touch screen voting machines. by kim zetter.
4			computer	application	java	hardware	software	technology	patent	linux			open source makes do it yourself crm possible for years, companies large and small have been convinced that if they want the sophisticated functionality of enterprise class software like erp and crm systems, they must buy pre packaged applications. and, to a large extent, that remains true.
2			coaching	baseball	hockey	basketball	sport	football	coach	detroit			lakers makes selves at home the fact that tomjanovich took no flight before the contest and actually was in staples center may have been lost on the laker coach.
4			electronics	security	computer	manufacturing	storage	technology	japan	memory	computing	industry			firm invents all purpose memory cards a leading japanese electronics company is developing memory cards that can be used to make cashless payments, open locks and read identification with a simple flick. matsushita electric industrial co., which makes panasonic brand products, said sample shipments will begin in december, with commercial shipments to follow by late next year...
4			job	statistics	manufacturing	unemployment	technology	tech	innovation	employment	industry			tech job cuts leap 60 announced job cuts in the technology sector soared 60 in the third quarter to 54,701, the highest figure since the fourth quarter of 2003 82,328 .
3			product	sale	marketing	company	option	finance	competition	earnings			limited ups earnings view, buyback offer limited brands inc. on monday increased its earnings forecast for the third quarter due to a bigger than forecast tax benefit and increased the offer price in a $ 2 billion share buyback.
4			linux	ethernet	technology	microsoft	ibm	computing	industry			ibm sets up hands on user test centre ibm has established a new technology centre in the washingon dc to help it departments to better define their tivoli based infrastructure management strategies.
2			baseball	television	nbc	espn	sport	football	abc	tv			intro still generating buzz, mostly negative if abc hoped to generate a little bit more buzz for monday night football and desperate housewives, its risqu intro to the dallas philadelphia game sure did the trick.
1			politics	election	fact	lawyer	ethics			dueling views in eu case the los angeles times published an especially vivid account free reg. required of yesterday 's proceedings at the european court of first instance in luxembourg, on the first day of the hearing in which microsoft
2			coaching	utah	basketball	sport	recruiting	football	coach	byu			gators get what they want in utah coach when it came down to making a decision between the notre dame job he had often dreamed about and what could become his dream job in gainesville, university of utah football
2			controversy	doping	olympics	athletics	sport	race	athlete			conner sounds off on hamm medal dispute an oklahoma olympic legend spoke out monday on the controversy surrounding the gold medal won last week by american gymnast paul hamm.
4			electronics	computer	pc	intel	technology	apple	hp	silicon	linux			intel shelves plan to turn desktop into wi fi hub an ambitious plan to turn millions of desktop computers into hubs of wireless internet access has been shelved after pc makers balked at the price of the feature, intel corp.
4			windows	computer	pc	microsoft	technology	pcs	design	color			photo 2 of 2: end wood paneling and chrome dominate one of two sample designs for a new style of media center pc, commissioned by microsoft's ehome division from one co.
4			manufacturing	mobility	storage	capacity	technology	speed	cost	logistics	industry			umc: 2005 capex focused on 12 inch capacity ramp united microelectronics corporation umc yesterday stated that its capital expenditure in 2005 will see a focus on ramping capacity at its 12 inch wafer fabs in tainan, taiwan, and singapore.
4			application	competitor	technology	microsoft	performance	ibm	competition	linux			ibm 's new eserver supports amd dual core ibm is looking to get a leg up on the competition with the october 15 launch of eserver 326, a rack mounted server that supports amd 's upcoming dual core 64 bit processor.
3			job	investor	investing	company	growth	finance	money	industry			cable wireless to cut 600 more jobs the telecommunications firm cable wireless today said it would cut another 600 jobs and return 250m to investors as it reaches the halfway mark in a three year recovery plan.
4			pc	computer	privacy	technology	broadband	internet	pcs	linux			aol to sell cheap pcs to minorities and seniors america online on thursday said it plans to sell a low priced pc targeting low income and minority households who agree to sign up for a year of dialup internet service.
3			production	sale	film	profit	finance	strategy	money	industry			pinewood studios maiden profit jumps british film studio pinewood shepperton, home to james bond and harry potter films, has posted a 31.6 percent gain in its maiden half year profit report and says it is confident on prospects for the full year.
4			electronics	pc	computer	linux	device	technology	innovation	apple	patent	industry			hewlett packard to launch latest push into consumer markets the company will unveil a range of products today including its version of the ipod digital music player that raises the stakes in a war between pc and electronics makers.
1			election	politics	israel	democracy	voting	palestinian	voter	palestine	vote			palestinians say the future rests on vote, israeli action palestinians must act quickly to hold elections for a leader to replace yasser arafat if they are to peacefully transform their political system after more than
2			politics	baseball	sport	football	finance	gambling	money			businessman takes fight over pats tickets online a connecticut businessman took his quixotic crusade against the new england patriots to the internet yesterday, launching a website to build support among season ticket holders for arbitration in ticket revocation disputes and the ability to transfer tickets to a friend or family member.
4			battery	electronics	computer	electricity	safety	privacy	technology	car	phone			cell phones: too hot to handle? increase in mishaps sometimes explosive highlights growing danger of defects and unsafe, counterfeit batteries.
1			election	politics	result	race	candidate	finance	texas	money			report: colorado senate race costly colorado's tight senate race between democratic state attorney general ken salazar and republican beer executive peter coors is shaping up to be the most expensive political race in state history, preliminary contribution information shows.
4			science	history	computer	biotechnology	technology	evolution	tech	physics			jfk assassination video game technology brings a whole new light to history.technology brings a whole new light to history.technology brings a whole new light to history.
4			windows	computer	hardware	privacy	technology	apple	innovation	security	linux			joswiak: 'true to what an imac has always been about' after apple unveiled the imac g5 in paris this week, vice president of hardware product marketing greg joswiak gave macworld editors a guided tour of the desktop's new design. among the topics of conversation: the imac's cooling system, why pre installed bluetooth functionality and firewire 800 were left out, and how this new model fits in with apple's objectives.
4			mobile	network	technology	internet	email			aol targets mobile im america online is building alliances with mobile phone manufacturers and wireless carriers in an effort to build its share of the emerging mobile instant messaging market.
3			income	revenue	sale	technology	marketing	finance	profit	patent	industry			peoplesoft expects sales above estimates business software maker peoplesoft inc. said monday that it expects third quarter revenue to range between $ 680 million and $ 695 million, above average wall street estimates of $ 651.
4			mobile	electronics	device	hardware	software	privacy	technology	smartphone	security			symantec eyes mobile phone market company is readying security software or cell phones and handheld devices.
3			investing	company	option	stock	ft	finance	corporation	competition	money	industry			3m profit misses wall street estimates 3m co. on monday reported a 17 percent rise in third quarter earnings due in part to the weak dollar, but the diversified manufacturer's results fell short of wall street's estimates for the first time in nearly four years, sending shares down 5 percent.
4			network	privacy	wireless	broadband	internet	technology	networking	linux			wi fi successor called high speed hype, for now intel touts wimax, but analysts say it likely won't go beyond niche applications.
4			animation	electronics	computer	graphic	art	printing	technology	photography	color			kimono makers employ computer graphics for centuries, japan's kimono makers have relied on stencils, paintbrushes and hours of labor to turn out their elaborate and graceful creations. kimono designer yuko iwakuma uses some more up to date tools: a computer and an ink jet printer.
4			investing	technology	tech	gold	growth	finance	innovation	money	industry			bay street gets a boost from gold and technology sectors toronto stocks closed higher yesterday, notching their first winning week in three as technology and gold issues teamed up to boost the market.
2			boxing	israel	baseball	basketball	athletics	sport	athlete	tennis	cycling			israel wins first olympic gold israeli windsurfer gal fridman makes sporting history by winning his country's first gold medal in the men's mistral.
2			baseball	television	espn	sport	football	tv	money			sportsview: bcs a work forever in progess don't be too dazzled by the new and improved model of the bowl championship series coming to a newspaper or tv outlet near you. it will have to go back to the dealer soon enough.
4			windows	computer	hardware	software	technology	evolution	microsoft	apple	linux			longhorn comes up short at long last, microsoft has put a date on when it will release the next generation of its windows operating system. but the 2006 delivery of longhorn will ship without the highly touted windows file system feature, raising all sorts of questions about the future of the world's biggest software company.
2			coaching	baseball	history	espn	basketball	sport	football	texas			postseason issues begin to surface as he says he does each week this time of year, texas coach mack brown sat down with his team sunday and explained where it stands in terms of qualifying for a bowl championship series game.
2			australia	england	rugby	race	sport	football	cricket	money			100pc committed sir clive woodward today revealed he quit as england rugby union coach because he was not able to take his world cup winning team forward the way he wanted.
4			electronics	wired	chip	intel	wireless	technology	networking	silicon	linux			intel seen readying new wi fi chips this week intel corp. this week is expected to introduce a chip that adds support for a relatively obscure version of wi fi, analysts said on monday, in a move that could help ease congestion on wireless networks.
1			politics	race	football	education	racism			statement on notre dame universitys firing of football coach ... new york, ny dec. 2, 2004 earl g. graves, sr., publisher and chairman of black enterprise magazine, issued the following statement on the firing of tyrone willingham from the position of head football coach by notre dame university:
4			network	privacy	technology	broadband	wireless	communication	telecommunication	competition	money			western wireless posts $ 30m in 3q profit western wireless corp., an operator of wireless services, on monday said it swung a third quarter profit but missed wall street expectations after taking hefty charges during the period.
4			network	ethernet	technology	internet	ip	nec	networking	switch			hitachi, nec router venture alaxala goes live the joint network router and switch company created by hitachi, ltd. and nec corporation, dubbed alaxala networks corporation, started operating monday october 4th with hitachi offering a gigabit router initially.
4			laptop	computer	technology	internet	pcs	computing	linux			brits turning into computer buffs more than three quarters of adults in the uk use computers at home or at work, a survey has shown.
4			politics	intelligence	wired	technology	terrorism	money			was bush wired? ridiculous, campaign says campaign aides to president bush on saturday laughed off rampant internet speculation about whether the president was wired to get help from advisers during his first debate with sen...
4			electronics	computer	privacy	technology	tech	invention	innovation	networking			get to know more than one browser in the past, i have taken great pride in informing you, my readers, about new and cutting edge technology. sometimes it is also necessary to re examine existing or older technologies.
4			technology	tech	innovation	networking	industry			smart web changes world the gartner sponsored itxpo symposium in france sets itself to identify long term technology trends that are altering sectors like travel, marketing and investing. more web enabled mobile devices and a smarter internet are key players.
3			income	revenue	ceo	sale	profit	corporation	accounting	money			xerox quarterly profit rises xerox corp. on thursday said third quarter profit rose as it cut costs and sales of its copiers and printers improved. the stamford, connecticut based company said net income available
1			election	politics	computer	nevada	democracy	voting	polling	fraud	turnout			lost votes in n.m. a cautionary tale four years ago, about 2,300 voters cast their ballots before election day on state of the art, push button electronic voting machines. for 678 of them, their votes were never recorded.
3			trading	economics	company	market	stock	growth	oil	money	earnings			stocks mixed on strong earnings reports falling oil prices and strong earnings from intel corp. and mcdonald's corp...
1			politics	nigeria	president	election	democracy	religion	terrorism	africa			nigeria separatist to meet president the head of a separatist movement in nigeria 's southern oil rich niger delta has announced that he intends to meet president olusegun obasanjo.
4			connectivity	technology	cisco	performance	piracy	networking	patent	security	reliability			cisco slips in key router market third quarter figures showing cisco systems continues to lose ground may be due to rough product transition.
4			dell	computer	software	privacy	technology	vulnerability	security	linux			spyware endangers industry, dell fears the explosive growth of 'spyware has become a very alarming trend that could scare away computer users and undermine the industry, said michael george, general manager of dell inc.
4			device	connectivity	ethernet	usb	technology	storage	networking	intel	linux			hitachi joins intel in hard drive standard hitachi global storage technologies inc. and intel corp. have joined in supporting an interface technology proposed for compact hard disk drives used in portable music players, handheld computers and mobile phones.
1			election	democracy	internet	politics			fec might moveon to the internet with political activity skyrocketing on the web, election officials may be forced to regulate. also: yahoo stays strong and growing hellip;. 7 eleven joins 21st century hellip;. and more.
3			business	investment	investing	technology	growth	energy	firm	transportation	bloomberg			firm looks to acquire jersey 's top utility public service enterprise group, a heavyweight in setting public policy and promoting economic development in the state, is in talks to be acquired by a giant chicago gas and electric company
3			share	investor	shareholder	stock	finance	risk	money	security			citigroup slides on merrill downgrade citigroup shares slid 95 cents, or 2 percent, to $ 46.00 in pre market trade monday after merrill lynch sliced its recommendation on the stock to neutral from buy.
3			trend	technology	company	tech	stock	growth	profit	loss	money	industry			dow, nasdaq, s p 500 drop 1 percent u.s. stocks extended their losses on wednesday after investment bank morgan stanley said quarterly profit fell, casting doubt on corporate earnings growth, while a brokerage downgrade on cisco systems inc. hurt tech stocks.
4			electronics	computer	hardware	intel	technology	networking	ai	silicon	linux			intel sketches out nanotechnology road map com october 25, 2004, 6:21 am pt. zdnet 's survey of it professionals in october kept upgrading hardware at number two on the businesses radar throughout the year.
4			authentication	network	privacy	technology	vulnerability	encryption	networking	security	windows			network appliance, emc refine security strategies network appliance will announce this week additional capabilities and partnerships for its netapp netcache line of internet security appliances. meanwhile, emc will unveil a major upgrade to its ilm information life cycle management product line with a focus on adding application aware components.
4			mobile	electronics	technology	wireless	tech	innovation	phone			array of innovations at mobile tech show as co stars of an elite, wireless oriented tech show they were improbable indeed: a weed whacker, a blender and a boombox. their decibel assault at this year's 6th annual demomobile show was the perfect foil for its most celebrated product, a noise canceling cell phone headset called jawbone.
3			rating	revenue	sale	music	technology	marketing	advertising	commercial			realnetworks promotion sells 1 million songs realnetworks could lose $ 2 million from below cost sales but will give its service a huge boost, says forrester research analyst rebecca jennings.
4			privacy	broadband	marketing	internet	technology	telecommunication	advertising	consumer			skype, voiceglo say consumers see the light the two internet phone services reach customer milestones a sign to some that voip no longer intimidates consumers.
4			statistics	computer	business	privacy	microsoft	technology	networking	email	security			microsoft sends digital business cards new interconnect 2004 software automatically updates contact info.
3			computer	business	ceo	technology	economics	marketing	time	money			executive suite quieting skeptics, richard parsons, ceo of time warner, has taken a company that was in complete disarray and turned it into a functional enterprise.
4			toy	child	kid	technology			group finds 85 hazardous toys the new york public interest research group nypirg has published its annual list of toys that it claims can harm or kill children, particularly those with small parts.
3			business	investing	company	bank	strategy	finance	derivatives	banking	merger			jp morgan, cazenove in talks report jp morgan chase is in talks with uk investment bank cazenove to create a joint venture that would effectively combine the banks, according to a published repor thursday.
2			baseball	hockey	basketball	sport	football	money			nba star wants time off it 's almost enough to make a basketball fan start missing the hockey season. for the second time in this young season, a basketball star has opened his mouth to start a stir.
3			business	greed	profit	fraud	bankruptcy	money			smithfield doesn 't go whole hog when was the last time you heard about a company more than doubling its profit from the previous year, but an error in judgment restrained that profit?
2			coaching	baseball	basketball	sport	football	chad			chad bumps; rudi runs if the bengals are sharing this improbable underdog sports week with the red sox and peter warricks broken leg is their version of curt schillings bloodied ankle, then chad johnson must
3			product	business	sale	technology	company	profit	patent	phone	industry			palmone posts profit, exceeds estimates handheld maker's revenue buoyed by strong sales of phones, other devices; after hours shares fluctuate wildly.
4			electronics	recycling	manufacturing	chip	technology	pricing	patent	industry			gartner: chip revenue to see steady growth at the same time, an increase in inventory is making chip vendors and distributors worried.
2			baseball	florida	miami	espn	basketball	sport	football	virginia	tech			hokies take it one at a time no. 15 virginia tech is all alone in first place in the atlantic coast conference with three games left, including one against virginia and another against miami.
4			computer	technology	god	money	intel			amd: the little engine that might one of these days amd's going to take a bite out of intel and not let go.
3			revenue	business	sale	risk	profit	consumer	competition	money			consumer bellwethers issue profit warnings two of the world 's biggest consumer products giants issued profit warnings today, sending shares in both companies downward.
4			computer	acceleration	performance	ibm	speed	computing	linux			blue gene breaks speed records ibm s blue gene supercomputer, which is still being installed at lawrence livermore national laboratory, has set an unofficial performance record.
2			baseball	statistics	soccer	athletics	sport	basketball	golf	football	player	tennis			baseball is in his blood revolution striker taylor twellman was among the closet cardinal fans at fenway park sunday night. twellman and his wife were in the standing room section, but if twellman had chosen differently as a teenager, he might have been on the playing field instead of in the stands.
4			product	electronics	trend	sale	technology	marketing	consumer	retail	industry			best buy's 2q sales increase 13 percent best buy co. inc.'s second quarter results will show a 13 percent increase in revenue and 4.3 percent growth in same store sales, the nation's largest consumer electronics retailer said thursday.
2			politics	baseball	soccer	sport	football	stadium	dc	washington	attendance			expos move to dc on verge of collapse with a no banner in the foreground, washington mayor anthony williams, right, dc sports commission chairman mark tuohey, left, and others, look as a the dc city council debates stadium finance legislation for the return of major league baseball
3			microsoft	company	stock	dow	corporation	competition	money	industry			stocks off on microsoft; dow at year low the blue chip dow average fell to a new intraday low for the year on friday as oil prices climbed to another record and microsoft corp. dragged on stocks after the software maker's revenue forecast lagged analysts' expectations.
4			electronics	battery	computer	device	storage	charging			apple recalls 28,000 overheating powerbook batteries apple is recalling about 28,000 batteries that shipped this year in its powerbook g4 portable computers.
4			science	nano	collaboration	biotechnology	technology	innovation	patent	research	space	physics			x prize for nanotech? hal finney writes the x prize foundation, which recently awarded the ansari x prize for achieving a milestone in private space flight, is asking for suggestions for new x prize ventures, under the name of the wtn x prize.
1			politics	government	democracy	royalty	corruption	power	religion	king			ministers lash charles uproar between government and royalty broke out throughout the corridors of power yesterday in reaction to prince charles apparent belief that people should not rise above their station.
4			battery	recycling	manufacturing	technology	vacuum	automation	manufacturer	patent	efficiency	reliability			product recalls procter gamble co. of cincinnati is recalling 175,000 sweepvacs by swiffer vacuum cleaner. in some cases, when the vacuum cleaner is left in the on position, the rotor can lock up and cause the unit to overheat.
1			politics	america	controversy	history	election	democracy	kerry	debate			a look at presidential debate topics president bush and sen. john kerry on the issues at friday's debate:
4			mobile	device	technology	nokia	smartphone	phone	windows			sd in the cards for nokia
1			castro	cuba	politics	history	democracy	terrorism			castro 'all in one piece' after fall cuban president fidel castro tripped on a step and tumbled to the ground after leaving the stage at a graduation ceremony, fracturing a knee and arm but quickly returning to say that he was all in one piece.''.
1			politics	election	corruption	reform	ukraine	terrorism	change	turkey			turkish parliament fails to pass reforms ankara, turkey sept. 18, 2004 turkey 's parliament adjourned saturday without passing a key reform package because of divisions over the government 's proposal to make adultery a crime, bringing warnings
4			dream	computer	privacy	technology	fashion	reality	design			the dream factory any product, any shape, any size manufactured on your desktop! the future is the fabricator. by bruce sterling from wired magazine.
4			mobile	privacy	technology	google	email			yahoo buys start up to boost mobile yahoo on tuesday confirmed it acquired a start up last month called wuf networks that produces technology to let people transfer digital files onto mobile devices.
4			network	mobility	technology	broadband	communication	telecommunication	networking			verizon to extend fiber optics to parts of six eastern states verizon communications, the nation 's largest regional phone company, announced plans yesterday to start introducing fiber optic connections for residential phone and data services in six eastern states.
4			art	technology	marketing	message	communication	advertising	email			powerpoint message is the medium a competition tries to elevate the dreaded powerpoint presentation to an artful endeavor, but many participants poke fun at the program instead of exploiting its features. by daniel terdiman.
4			science	computer	technology	brain	research	ai	computing			'thinking cap' controls computer in new experiment four people were able to control a computer using their thoughts and an electrode studded thinking cap, u.s. researchers reported on monday.
4			sony	graphic	linux	hardware	technology	silicon	color			nvidia partners with sony nvidia, graphics card manufacturer, has reported that it 's partnering up with sony on the graphics hardware for playstation 3. the companies have been developing a custom graphics processing unit gpu incorporating next generation geforce technology
2			politics	baseball	sport	football	revenge	lion			even drummond 's 2 return tds don 't add up to enough the cycle is now complete: the lions are back to playing as poorly on the road as they have been at home. the only thing that saved them from total annihilation sunday
4			politics	computer	business	secrecy	privacy	technology	information	money	security			techtarget hires 2 idg executives the rivalry between techtarget inc., an upstart needham technology publisher, and the giant international data group intensified as techtarget hired away two key idg executives. maryfran johnson, longtime editor of the idg publication computerworld, and joseph levy, who headed the company's cxo media group, are joining techtarget to launch publications. ''right now we're not revealing what we're working on, said ...
4			hacking	safety	privacy	technology	vulnerability	protection	encryption	security			hire a hacker? com september 22, 2004, 12:17 pm pt. most it managers won 't question the importance of security, but this priority has been sliding between the third and fourth most important focus for companies.
2			coaching	baseball	history	espn	volleyball	basketball	sport	golf	football			sky's the limit for falcons this season will likely be the most successful yet for the northeast 10 conference, thanks to a change in the division 2 playoff ncaa tournament expands from 16 to 24 teams, adding two to each of the four regionals. even better for the ne 10, the great lakes intercollegiate conference home of last year's division 2 national champion, grand valley ...
1			election	politics	democrat	florida	bush	republican	trump	money			judges rule for nader in election boost for bush president bush received a potential boost on friday in his bid for re election when a court ruled that independent candidate ralph nader, who experts believe helped bush win four years ago, be placed on florida's presidential ballot.
4			mobile	network	mobility	telecom	broadband	nokia	wireless	technology	telecommunication	innovation			telecom italia ceo sees innovation in design and features of wireless devices one of europe's biggest fixed network operators is following the lead of its wireless counterparts in demanding a greater say in the design and service features of cordless phones and other wireless devices used in the home.
4			network	privacy	technology	broadband	internet	telecommunication	networking	competition	linux			satellite service battles lag satellite internet service providers are often the only alternative to dialup in far flung areas. the battle with latency still rages, although companies are making gains in upload speeds. by elliot borin.
3			business	ceo	shareholder	greed	growth	strategy	risk	surprise	leadership			new ceo predicted to follow same path mcdonalds corp. s choice of an insider to replace ailing chief executive officer charlie bell should keep the company on the path that has led
4			windows	linux	microsoft	technology	pricing	computing	server			microsoft takes different tack on multicore pricing preparing for the wave of servers with multicore processors that 's expected to hit data centers over the next year, microsoft corp.
1			politics	election	history	democrat	democracy	strategy	washington	republican	money	leadership			house democrats set goals, seek return to power in a scene reminiscent of the 1994 republican revolution that turned the u.s. congress upside down, democrats on wednesday set ambitious goals for the nation and urged voters to finally put them back in charge.
4			nasa	java	biotechnology	technology	energy	patent	research	sun	silicon	industry			presse economique technologique sunnyvale, calif. business wire nov. 17, 2004 amd nyse:amd a clbr aujourd hui le premier anniversaire de son alliance stratgique avec sun microsystems, inc.
3			investor	trend	company	stock	finance	money			stocks to watch wednesday piper jaffray downgraded the software maker's stock to market perform from outperform.
2			mlb	baseball	history	team	name	athletics	sport	football	washington			nationals unveil logos, colors the montreal expos would be renamed the washington nationals if the proposed move of the franchise is approved by baseball owners.
4			computer	business	privacy	technology	finance	money	email	security			away on business: hold the phone at first glance, paying $ 13 or $ 14 for a hard wired internet laptop connection in a hotel room might seem expensive.
1			politics	violence	democracy	terrorist	iran	terrorism	security	fear			u.s. embassy in suriname boosts security the u.s. embassy here was closed to visitors wednesday and security increased after officials received credible threats of an attack on the building, a spokesman said.
4			network	wireless	technology	internet	nokia	broadband	telecommunication	telephone	phone			skype ready for both telephone worlds an adapter made by siemens to extend internet access to cordless phones is now loaded with skype internet telephone software, allowing the same phone to make calls using the internet or the traditional phone network.
4			mobile	electronics	motorola	mobility	technology	telecommunication	patent	google			motorola aims to sharpen design edge in a 26th floor office suite overlooking lake michigan, some 40 industrial designers, mechanical engineers and specialists in fields ranging from anthropology to musicology converge for their daily dance: developing mobile phones for motorola inc.
4			application	java	software	management	microsoft	standard	platform	windows			microsoft releases management tools, expands on dsi model microsoft tuesday released a handful of software products that are key elements in its drive to develop a comprehensive management platform for windows.
4			symbol	mobility	mark	technology	telecommunication	switch			symbol upgrades its wireless lan switch symbol technologies will take an important step in the evolution of the enterprise wireless lan on monday with the introduction of its ws 2000 wireless switch.
2			concussion	baseball	injury	basketball	sport	football	pain			jaguars leftwich has a left knee injury jacksonville quarterback byron leftwich, who once played a college game in such pain from a leg injury that his teammates had to carry him to the line of scrimmage after a play, may not have
4			application	device	detail	technology	standard	performance	patent	industry			bluetooth version 2.0 enhanced data rate announced the bluetooth special interest group sig today announced the adoption of bluetooth core specification version 2.0 edr enhanced data rate .
4			computer	china	technology	company	tech	innovation	ibm	corporation	industry			ibm chief sees global tech spending rise companies will spend more money next year on information technology and other capital investments compared with 2004, the chief executive of the world's biggest computer company, ibm corp, said on friday.
4			computer	network	software	technology	migration	system	robot	networking	linux			think virtual when migrating seri kembangan: most company networks run a mix of old and new systems, and so called virtual machine software can help when migrating from one to the other.
2			coaching	baseball	espn	california	basketball	sport	football	coach			orange bowl hopes not finished yet it might be a stay of execution for coach p, or it might just be a christmas miracle come early. su 's upset win over bc has given hope to the orange playing in a post season bowl game.
1			politics	election	edward	mccain	money			edwards positions himself for 2008 democrat john edwards lost the election for the vice presidency this week and will lose his senate seat in january. but he's hardly going away. he's positioned himself for a full out presidential run in 2008, a campaign that in a way he's already begun.
3			housing	land	business	technology	internet	finance	money			realtors increasingly use internet to market their business realtors continue to be more technologically savvy than their counterparts in years past, and have integrated numerous technological tools into their day to day businesses as well as
4			news	computer	hacking	technology	internet	terrorism	money	security			news: us credit card firm fights ddos attack us credit card processing firm is fighting a sustained distributed denial of service ddos attack that has left it struggling to stay online.
2			coaching	baseball	sport	football	vs	quarterback			taylor told to take the weekend off washington redskins safety sean taylor did not practice yesterday and coach joe gibbs said he was told to take the weekend off and report back to redskins park on monday in the aftermath of
4			computer	hacking	privacy	technology	encryption	security			access to kazaa not blockable? that 's what philip morle told an australian court, and he ought to know he 's sharman networks chief technology officer.
2			australia	rugby	soccer	sport	recruiting	football	talent	rogers			rogers learns lesson nsw rugby ceo fraser neill believes waratah star mat rogers has learned his lesson after he was fined and ordered to do community service following his controversial comments about the club rugby competition.
4			electronics	ibm	computer	manufacturing	airbus	technology	patent	aerospace	industry			ibm, honeywell sign 10 year, $ 250m deal ibm and honeywell international are teaming up in a 10 year engineering and technology services deal that covers the design and development of electronics for aircraft, munitions and vehicles.
4			science	electronics	computer	art	technology	research	money	astronomy			two scientists caught in amber it can be safely guessed that stuart pivar, a scientist and art collector, has more than 300 objects in his duplex apartment.
4			mobile	business	privacy	technology	seo	consumer			aol launches presence based voice conferencing in yet another product move designed for consumers, but sure to make enterprise it and telephone services folks go nuts, aol has introduced consumer aim voice conferencing, a service that
1			election	politics	war	democracy	iran	bush	iraq			iraq election campaign under way, bush warns iran, syria to keep ... campaigning for the first post saddam hussein elections got under way on thursday amid more bloodshed, as us president george w. bush warned iran and syria to stop meddling in iraq in the run up to the vote.
3			business	investing	technology	economics	billion	greed	finance	profit	money	intel			soaring oil prices send stocks skidding soaring oil prices trumped positive earnings news wednesday, sending stocks skidding as investors rushed to take profits on new fears that the market is in the midst of a commodities bubble. stronger than expected profits at chip bellwether intel corp...
1			election	abortion	politics	democracy	voting	strategy	referendum			decision day: 2004 referendum for a long, long time, november 2nd has been promoted as the biggest day of 2004. but that 's before october 9 fully came into focus.
4			electronics	radio	computer	television	wireless	technology	broadcasting	telecommunication	tv			sony's location free tv makes local shows portable the electronics maker begins sales of wireless television set as it emphasizes advances in the boob tube.
4			electronics	taiwan	manufacturing	ieee	technology	semiconductor	patent	silicon	industry			tsmc files another patent suit against smic taiwan semiconductor manufacturing co. ltd. tsmc , of hsinchu, taiwan, has expanded its patent infringement fight against rival contract chip maker semiconductor manufacturing international corp. smic by filing a complaint with the u.s. international trade commission itc .
3			contract	business	abbey	management	takeover	money	email	privatization			abbey staff to learn scale of takeover job cuts abbey national staff were today expected to discover how many jobs will go in the banks planned takeover by spanish group santander central hispano.
4			developer	application	java	software	microsoft	development	tool	windows			microsoft previews whitehorse developer tools the tools, part of an upcoming visual studio update, is focused on making it easier to create customized web applications.
4			network	connectivity	ethernet	technology	switching	cisco	networking	switch			fujitsu and cisco form router alliance december 6, 2004 san jose, ca and tokyo, japan fujitsu ltd. and cisco systems inc. have reached a fundamental agreement to enter into a strategic alliance focusing on routers and switches that will enable
1			election	politics	president	democracy	taliban	iran	terrorism	afghanistan			afghan president takes on taliban afghanistan s first democratically elected president was sworn in yesterday vowing to crack down on drug traffickers and the last of the taliban.
3			politics	business	transparency	technology	company	finance	corporation	governance			news: corporate governance goals impossible rsa companies are struggling to cope with tighter corporate governance regimes, which might even work against the goal of achieving improved it security they are partly designed to promote.
3			computer	investor	ceo	microsoft	stock	finance	corporation	competition	money			whither microsoft? with microsoft corp. shareholders on the verge of collectively receiving $ 32 billion in cash from the software maker's special $ 3 dividend, investors are wondering what's ahead for one of wall street's most popular stocks.
1			politics	election	statistics	voting	romania	polling	poll	romanian	turnout			voting starts in romanian presidential run off romanians started to cast ballots in a second round run off vote on sunday to elect a new president for a five year term. about 17,560 polling stations across the country
4			electronics	computer	intelligence	intel	technology	math	silicon	security	linux			amd tweaks intel with pr coup in a move as predictable as the sun rising in the east, amd drew a pr bead on intel last week and managed to get a small bottle of ink spilled over how it had showed off a dual core x86 90nm opteron at its facilities in austin, texas on tuesday.
3			business	ceo	revenue	finance	pricing	bankruptcy	accounting	bloomberg	money	canada			red hat appoints new cfo linux distributor red hat inc. has appointed a new chief financial officer following the resignation of former cfo kevin thompson and the recent restatement of its revenue after an accounting policy change.
4			computer	privacy	technology	broadband	internet	telecommunication	networking	money	phone			internet phone victory federal regulators sent a powerful message tuesday to california and other states to leave the fledgling internet telephone industry alone for now.
4			computer	linux	unix	system	machine	networking	ibm	computing	server			ibm tops off power 5 based server line targeting unix archrivals hewlett packard and sun microsystems, ibm on friday topped off the high end of its power 5 based line of iseries and pseries servers, rolling out three systems all capable of hosting as many as 250 virtual servers on a single machine.
2			politics	coaching	baseball	cardinal	statistics	basketball	sport	football	coach			bishops clinch playoff berth clinched. is there a better sounding word in early november? not to the archbishop williams football squad, which assured itself of a division 3 playoff berth with a thrilling 33 20 victory over visiting austin prep yesterday to claim the catholic central large title.
3			business	technology	option	finance	rs	money			sbc communications selects alcatel as primary supplier for new ... san antonio business wire oct. 20, 2004 sbc communications inc. nyse: sbc today announced a five year, approximately $ 1.
2			montreal	baseball	sport	million	football	reality	money			no lie, the moment of truth grows near we're down to what seems like weekly visits from major league baseball's relocation committee, dueling polls in washington and sniping news conferences between competing d.c. and virginia agencies. all for the privilege of obtaining the montreal expos, 55 73 through friday, and to give them a place to play next year, a new stadium in the near future and a community to love them.
4			electronics	device	chip	wireless	broadband	technology	networking			wavesat says its created first wimax chip wavesat inc., a developer of broadband wireless chips, said today it has delivered the first ever wimax chip, the dm256. the company is planning to make the chips generally available early next month.
3			income	inflation	revenue	sale	finance	profit	bankruptcy	competition	money			update 1: goodyear expects to report 3q profit the goodyear tire rubber co., the nation 's largest tire maker, said friday it may beat wall street 's profit expectations for the third quarter and will amend or restate some past financial filings for 2003 and 2004.
4			electronics	recycling	computer	safety	manufacturing	usb	technology			laser printers recalled for shock hazard cpsc about 39,400 laser printers made by lexmark international inc. and sold by ibm and dell inc. are being recalled in the united states because of a potential electrical shock hazard, the consumer product safety commission said on tuesday.
4			mobile	mobility	technology	apps	phone	windows			cingular handset talks to users cingular wireless is offering a software application intended to help the visually impaired make full use of their cell phones. the talks application, which works only with the nokia 6620 phone, converts menus
2			coaching	baseball	retirement	basketball	sport	football	comeback	stats			zo seeks another comeback with nets east rutherford, new jersey sports network retired nba center and seven time all star alonzo mourning is going to give his playing career one more shot.
4			science	electronics	computer	engineering	technology	power	physics			dust might the loch rannoch oil tanker isn 't exactly the place you d expect to find cutting edge computer technology. but the 850,000 ton ship owned by british petroleum is home to an experiment in preventing critical breakdowns before they happen.
4			job	quality	technology	tech	innovation	productivity	hr	education	industry			techie starting salaries to remain stable it professionals can expect a moderate increase in starting salary, a staffing firm says.
2			shoe	baseball	basketball	sport	golf	football	money			a hot prospect for hidden gems though i ve spent a good portion of my life living in the southeast, i didn 't stumble upon hibbett sporting goods nasdaq: hibb in real life.
3			business	mr	marketing	weather	ft	competition	money	industry			office depot earns fall, blames weather office depot inc. on wednesday unveiled plans to muscle in on rival staple inc.'s turf to boost sales and stem a fall in market share in the increasingly cutthroat office supply business.
2			baseball	history	statistics	hockey	sport	football	goal	canada			canada's cup victory may end up half empty in what might have been the last high level hockey game for a long time in north america, canada won the world cup of hockey.
3			relationship	business	love	marketing	greed	growth	competition	money			when love comes to marketwatch, i m gonna catch although the combined companies wont hurt each other, im not convinced they can help each other. in its press release, dow jones explains why it is buying marketwatch.
2			buck	basketball	sport	celebrity	nba	stats	money			bucks: shaq 's powers heat to victory if anyone questions shaquille o neal 's position as the most dominant player in the nba, just check the opinion of those at the bradley center wednesday night.
4			business	buying	trend	privacy	technology	tech	christmas			holiday tech buying guide fast forward columnist rob pegoraro hosts the third in a series of discussions on the washington post's holiday tech buying guide and answer your personal tech questions.
2			politics	baseball	hockey	soccer	basketball	sport	football	money			on standby, set to fly last week of august, the playoff race is heating up, and a red sox player's thoughts turn to . . football? in some ways, these guys are no different from the typical sports fan on the cusp of an nfl season. sure, they're focused on the business at hand, winning a spot in their own postseason tournament ...
1			election	indonesia	politics	statistics	democracy	general	polling	poll			survey: ex general will win indonesia vote a former general who has pledged to fight terror and fix the economy was headed for landslide win over incumbent president megawati sukarnoputri in indonesia's landmark elections monday, according a nationwide sampling of votes by an independent pollster.
2			baseball	hockey	espn	basketball	sport	vs	canada	toronto			bosh, raptors stun timberwolves the spectre of an eighth straight loss was enough to spur the toronto raptors to a stunning 96 90 upset win over the visiting minnesota timberwolves at the air canada centre.
2			coaching	baseball	espn	basketball	sport	recruiting	football	dr	alabama			alabama a coach is in game of his life in another time and place, a spot in the coaches vs. cancer classic would have been about an opportunity for alabama a of the southwestern athletic conference to gain exposure and build upon last season 's 13 17 record.
1			election	politics	justice	democracy	corruption	law	judiciary			the next president could tip high court this election's potential impact on the supreme court has seemed to be an afterthought, but the stakes for the court and the law are even higher now than they were in 2000. the prospect of a change on the court is greater and the replacement of one justice could affect the law on hot issues.
4			safety	ethernet	privacy	technology	wireless	cisco	networking	security			cisco, symbol keep wireless data safe eweek: security partnerships and technology advances are making it increasingly safer to keep corporate data up in the air. to better fight the threat of wireless network subterfuge, cisco systems inc.
4			cluster	application	business	collaboration	technology	networking	ibm	industry			ibm expands virtual resources for partners ibm has announced virtual resources to help its business partners accelerate the building and deployment of on demand business applications tailored to customer requirements across all vertical industries.
1			politics	america	election	money	politician			don't let your blog get lost in the fog it's official. weblogs matter. a few of them anyway. in the election cycle just ended, the blogs made a serious presidential candidate of former vermont governor howard dean.
2			coaching	baseball	afc	sport	nfl	football	playoff	quarterback			afc powers meet in nfl's season opener forget last season's win over indianapolis in the afc championship game...
4			rating	network	competitor	technology	wireless	telecommunication	customer	spectrum	competition			cingular, at wireless merger approved by fcc cingular wireless llc 's $ 41 billion buyout of rival at wireless services inc., approved tuesday by the federal communications commission, is expected to give customers
4			science	computer	privacy	technology	evolution	internet	people			wi fi, wimax dead and gone, fibre pundits say it s been a heck of an interesting two days here in iceland. i ve seen some interesting technology, heard some inventive speeches and met some people with different ideas.
2			politics	baseball	brady	sport	football	jet			business as usual: streaking pats prepare for jets under normal circumstances, the hype surrounding the patriots stats, news jets game sunday at gillette stadium would come with its own set of pressures, what with their identical
4			electronics	computer	chip	hardware	intel	technology	semiconductor	silicon			intel rally may be premature intel certainly surprised many semiconductor industry watchers today with its improving sales forecasts for the current quarter, but not everyone is convinced that all is as rosy as it seems at the world 's biggest chipmaker.
3			product	business	manufacturing	technology	company	manufacturer	ibm	industry			ibm rolls out low cost blade servers ibm has introduced the bladecenter express, a lower cost blade server chassis targeted toward small and mid size businesses. the company also unveiled several new business in a box packages
3			computer	business	gaming	technology	oracle	strategy	bankruptcy	competition	ethics	industry			oracle wins peoplesoft battle, but war not at end oracle won a key legal victory in its quest to buy peoplesoft last week, but the grueling war for control of its software rival is far from over, industry analysts say.
4			mobile	motorola	mobility	technology	smartphone	nfc	patent	phone			motorola to test mastercard paypass technology motorola inc. will be conducting a field trial of mobile phones enabled with mastercard paypass, a new contactless payment option that will allow users to use their phones to make payments.
4			application	technology	marketing	push	patent	blackberry	research	seo			peoplesoft, rim partner to deliver sales application research in motion rim , the company that first pushed e mail over wireless, is teaming up with peoplesoft to offer corporate users peoplesoft enterprise sales for blackberry, a sales application with similar push technology.
1			politics	election	controversy	intelligence	war	strategy	terrorism	money			house gop to reject 9 11 recommendation house republicans plan to follow president bush's lead and reject the sept. 11 commission's recommendation to strip the pentagon of control over its spy shops in favor of a new national intelligence director with hiring, firing and spending control...
1			politics	election	history	cambodia	government	democracy	china	power	thailand			new cambodian king asks for guidance cambodia 's new king, norodom sihamoni, said in his first message to his kingdom friday that he would stay out of politics, and asked for guidance and understanding while he learns his new role.
2			baseball	college	michigan	basketball	graduation	sport	athletics	football	athlete	ncaa			ncaa graduation rate study michigan, michigan state and western michigan have the highest graduation rates for athletes among the state 's seven ncaa division i schools, an ncaa report showed monday.
1			election	sen	politics	gov	race	romney	republican	money			south dakota sen. race deemed most costly the south dakota race that will determine whether senate democratic leader tom daschle stays on capitol hill is the costliest congressional election so far this year.
2			medal	doping	cheating	basketball	sport	scoring	competition	money			scott simon essay: paul hamm 's medal description: npr 's scott simon offers his thoughts on paul hamm, the us olympic gymnast plagued by scoring scandals. hamm has been asked indirectly to give up his gold medal in the men 's all around competition.
4			computer	technology	machine	robot	ibm	speed	computing	linux			ibm supercomputer sets world speed record an ibm machine has reclaimed the title of world 's fastest supercomputer, overtaking a japanese computer that had caused shock waves at us government agencies when it set a computing speed record in 2002.
1			politics	election	controversy	television	advertisement	advertising	debate	competition	money			strong charges are exchanged before debate the intensity of advertisements broadcast this weekend signaled the importance that both sides attach to the debates.
4			business	technology	tech	telecommunication	ft	pt			at t to cut about 7,000 jobs at t corp. will cut about 7,000 jobs and reduce the value of its assets by 11.4 billion due to its retreat from traditional consumer telephone services, the company said on thursday.
4			cable	privacy	technology	broadband	internet	telecommunication	money	speed	phone			till death do you part how much would you pay for a lifetime of unlimited phone calling? try $ 1,000 on for size, says a new england phone company. the only catch is customers must provide their own broadband connection, which typically
1			election	politics	voting	kerry	candidate	strategy	money			bush kerry battle it out in search bush kerry battle it out in search so if it was up to the search engines to decide who would win the presidential election, would you agree? found an interesting press release today that i thought could provide some insight into how our favorite candidates are doing in the search ...
4			electronics	computer	engineering	technology	economics	tech	innovation	money	security			tech: back to earth with a thud in the middle of the sept. 3 tech wreck on wall street, there was at least one upside to chip giant intel 's intc lowering of expectations for the current quarter: it made it easier for other tech companies
2			overtime	baseball	shooting	basketball	sport	football	player	nba	money			nba suspends bucks' fizer for one game the nba suspended milwaukee bucks forward marcus fizer on tuesday for one game following his guilty plea on a gun charge.
2			baseball	hockey	soccer	athletics	sport	basketball	dartmouth	football			falmouth blanks dartmouth the 10th ranked dartmouth boys' soccer team had given up only one goal this season, but yesterday, host falmouth scored two to hand the indians their first loss, 2 0.
4			inflation	product	mercury	technology	company	uncertainty	time	testing	industry			follow through in the year since our cover story on former israeli commando amnon landan and mercury interactive, the sunnyvale, calif. software company has taken hostile fire on multiple fronts. mercury sells testing tools that catch glitches in software programs and make web and business programs run smoothly. it is grappling with new competition from open source vendors like junit and opensta, which offer testing software for free. it's also facing pricing pressure from larger competitor ibm. mercury stock has tumbled 20 since july.
4			mobile	network	mobility	technology	smartphone	nfc	patent	phone			motorola tests m commerce motorola and mastercard want to prove that reducing the fumble factor can save merchants money. phones equipped with paypass, mastercard 's contactless payment service, are expected to go through rigorous testing
4			computer	technology	tech	innovation	networking	ibm	ai	silicon			future watch: supercomputing technology to keep tabs on much of the technology being showcased at this week's sc2004 supercomputing conference could eventually make its way into corporate it data centers, say supercomputing backers.
4			network	connectivity	ethernet	mobility	privacy	wireless	broadband	bandwidth	technology	networking			ibm inks $ 1 billion voice and data deal with lloyds high capacity fiber network for voice, data, and video will cut lloyds bandwidth costs and let it offer new high bandwidth apps. by steven marlin.
2			baseball	history	television	movie	sport	veteran	football	entertainment	assassination			video game re creates slaying of kennedy a new video game to be released monday allows players to simulate the assassination of president kennedy. the release of jfk reloaded is timed to coincide with the 41st anniversary
4			coding	computer	code	software	technology	car	automation	system			gm cto sees more code on future cars cars had approximately 1 million lines of software code in 1990, but that number will jump to 100 million by 2010, according to anthony scott, cto of gm's information systems and services organization.
4			computer	technology	evolution	tech	bot	robot			robo vacuum wins wall to wall praise at confab robot fans cheer news that the roomba has sucked up its 1 millionth buyer a 'bot breakthrough,' they say.
4			windows	hardware	microsoft	evolution	technology	apple	security	linux			microsoft scales back longhorn plans key feature of the upcoming os will be cut so it will ship in 2006.
2			coaching	baseball	safety	basketball	sport	recruiting	football	coach	washington			wsu notebook: coach doba worried about uw trick plays the fact that washington coaches have nothing to lose worries cougars coach bill doba, who has his team on alert for trick plays.
4			electronics	dell	philip	hardware	technology	semiconductor	manufacturer	hp	patent	linux			dell and philips ink $ 700 million deal dell has won a $ 700 million hardware and services contract with philips electronics. the deal will include the sale of dell optiplex desktop computers, precision workstations and latitude
2			coaching	india	sport	football	cricket	training	cricketer			i m fully prepared for the nagpur test: tendulkar: sports india, cricket: nagpur, oct 24 : master blaster sachin tendulkar has said that he had prepared himself well for the nagpur test by undergoing intense practice sessions over the last three four days.
4			network	mobility	ethernet	technology	nokia	siemens	telecommunication	networking	patent			siemens acquires chantry for larger wlan play siemens ag has acquired chantry networks, a step that will extend its enterprise offerings and voice over internet protocol into the wireless local area network space.
2			coaching	australia	doping	sport	cricket	rowing	competition	cycling			ructions in australian rowing eight members of the australian women 's rowing eight face disciplinary action after publicly criticising team mate sally robbins for her failure to complete the olympic final.
3			revenue	loss	growth	profit	consumer	competition	money	industry			comcast posts profit, gains customers comcast corp. , the largest u.s. cable operator, on wednesday posted a third quarter profit on better than expected gains in high speed internet customers and raised its full year outlook for subscriber growth.
1			politics	america	election	democracy	clinton	washington	money			bush fights in the red menace for bush 's dad, it was 'the economy, stupid : bill clinton swept into the white house 12 years ago on a wave of pessimism about the jobless recovery from the early 1990s recession, confirming the received wisdom that what really matters on polling day
1			election	politics	democracy	india	poll	bjp	delhi	state			bihar, jharkhand and haryana to hold elections in february three indian states, including impoverished and crime ridden bihar and jharkhand in the east, will vote in february to elect new legislatures, the election commission said on friday.
3			sale	marketing	finance	strategy	profit	advertising	competition	money	earnings			colgate sees profit well short of targets colgate palmolive co. on monday warned that second half earnings will fall well short of wall street forecasts due to higher marketing spending.
2			coaching	basketball	football	winning	win			winning is greek to us: outlasts h larry brown found out some things about his team last night. among them was that allen iverson apparently shoots better with a fractured right thumb than he does with two healthy paws.
2			baseball	giant	football			tennessee titans beat green bay packers 48 27 green bay, wis. the tennessee titans and green bay packers were both in danger of falling to one and four tonight. well, it didn 't happen to the titans.
4			computer	technology	pt	money	security			last shout on the inova microlight keyring cash'n'carrion final clearance at 9 inc vat and p p
4			mobile	telecom	broadband	technology	communication	telecommunication	phone			voip: a shot in telecom's arm sbc communications is the latest baby bell to jump headlong into the world of internet telephony, a move aimed at boosting its offerings in an increasingly competitive broadband marketplace and at catching up with upstart 'net phone players like vonage that have seen a surge in business as consumers look for cheaper calling plans.
1			election	politics	democracy	race	stock	finance	money			elections to move stocks in short term or lack of it of tuesday 's us presidential contest will move stocks in the short term, but the election effect likely will wear off quickly
3			automobile	sale	car	marketing	strategy	innovation	advertising	competition	industry			carmakers crank up their image a product placement that cost general motors more than $ 7 million is indicative of new initiatives by agencies and automakers as competition intensifies.
2			coaching	talent	retirement	sport	football	coach	money	steve			spurrier withdraws from coach search all the hype and speculation came to an end thursday when steve spurrier, once considered the leading man for the uf job, removed his name from the pool of candidates.
1			politics	election	australia	violence	democracy	religion	terrorism			opposition figure stirs row as he blames australia government for ... sydney : australia 's government reacted furiously to an opposition politician 's claim that ruling party lawmakers were collectively to blame for the 2002 bali bombings and a bloody attack on its jakarta embassy.
3			business	ceo	china	shareholder	company	strategy	bankruptcy	money			ceo louis camilleri says altria preparing to break up company altria group inc. is beginning to make the needed preparations to possibly split up into several parts in order to maximize shareholder value, chairman and chief executive louis camilleri said thursday.
4			mobile	mobility	privacy	wireless	siemens	technology	nokia	phone			skype goes cordless with siemens skype has announced its free software is now available for the siemens gigaset dect cordless phones, meaning that users can now utilise a cordless phone to place calls to other telephones, over the internet.
3			manufacturing	china	technology	company	stock	growth	dow	patent	industry			nasdaq ends up, dow slips the tech driven nasdaq composite index got a 1 percent boost on thursday on gains in the semiconductor sector, but the blue chip dow ended down slightly after caterpillar inc. warned about higher steel prices and other costs.
2			baseball	kansas	basketball	athletics	sport	recruiting	football	nba			kansas hoops takes preseason no. 1 spot sure, kansas often grabs a spot in the upper half of the ap preseason college basketball poll, but the school hasn't been no. 1 since a player named wilt chamberlain suited up for the jayhawks in the 1950s.
3			share	movie	shareholder	company	film	stock	finance	industry			dreamworks spinoff sees shares rise 38 1st day shares of dreamworks animation inc. soared nearly 38 percent on the first day of trading thursday as investors anticipated shrek sized profits from the computer animation film studio.
3			investor	investing	technology	company	growth	finance	competition	money	industry			nortel shares tumble after growth forecast reduced nortel networks shares fell yesterday after the troubled telecom equipment maker said its growth this year will likely trail the overall industry rather than outperforming its peers as the company had been predicting.
3			australia	acquisition	business	price	shareholder	competition	merger			national foods continues merger talks with spc melbourne: australian dairy group national foods ltd said yesterday it is continuing merger talks with spc ardmona despite becoming a takeover target itself.
2			boxing	baseball	yankee	soccer	basketball	sport	football	softball			celebration bringing fans from all over from the foot of the white mountains to the tidal flats of ipswich, in coffee shops and college campuses, gas stations and law firms, everywhere that pedro, manny, and curt are revered, they heard the call beckoning them to the shrine of beantown baseball.
4			business	privacy	technology	marketing	seattle	energy	innovation	networking	industry			industry pioneer says rising hype may hurt growth inside the hynes convention center, it feels like 1999. about 5,000 engineers and venture capitalists have gathered here to discuss and to celebrate one of the hottest technology markets in the world the use of internet technology to move telephone calls. this week's von for ''voice over the net conference features the same breathless optimism that drove the internet ...
1			politics	election	controversy	political	debate			house defeats gay marriage ban amendment the house followed the senate in decisively rejecting a constitutional amendment banning gay marriage, ending for this year debate on what has become the dominant issue for the republican party's conservative base. the 227 186 vote in the house thursday was well short of the two thirds majority needed to advance a constitutional amendment, but fulfilled a promise by backers to get lawmakers on the record on the highly sensitive issue in the run up to election day...
3			business	boston	finance	bankruptcy	competition	money	franchise	banking	merger			credit suisse to overhaul first boston operations credit suisse group announced yesterday that it would integrate its credit suisse first boston investment banking arm into the parent company over the next two years in an effort to create a more focused franchise.
1			election	politics	democracy	voting	poll	corruption	iraq			iraqis float staggered vote idea cbs ap iraq 's interior ministry on wednesday threw its weight behind a reported suggestion by prime minister ayad allawi to hold next month 's national elections over several days, rather than just one.
1			politics	football	debate	money	humor			on to what really matters step outside the university of alabama football complex this week and it wasn 't hard to find distractions. the mike shula vs. sylvester croom debate.
3			investing	growth	profit	finance	bankruptcy	competition	money			bofa meets wall street 's projections with third quarter results charlotte, nc bank of america 's third quarter profit meets wall street 's expectations with a continued boost in business from the fleetboston financial merger.
4			network	wireless	technology	broadband	telecommunication	networking	patent	email			wireless contracts aid lucent's quarterly profit streak lucent technologies inc. reported higher than expected fourth quarter sales on wednesday, boosted in part by several large contracts, especially in its wireless segment, as well as increased demand for voip voice over internet protocol , high speed data and broadband access.
4			electronics	computer	game	gaming	movie	console	technology	evolution			'half life 2' a tech masterpiece it's been six years since valve corp. perfected the first person shooter with half life. video games have come a long way since, with better graphics and more options than ever. still, relatively few games have mustered this one's memorable characters and original science fiction story.
3			business	ceo	india	technology	company	stock	tata			tata consulting services makes successful ipo indian software and services giant tata consultancy services tcs made its stock market debut today, jumping 16 per cent over the day as investors piled money into the firm.
4			ibm	computer	computing	manufacturing	technology	machine	nasa	space	linux			teraflop topping ibm supercomputer being assembled the ibm blue gene l supercomputer is currently being assembled for lawrence livermore national laboratory. livermore plans to buy a unit four times the current supercomputers size, according to ebcvg.
4			business	mac	software	technology	microsoft	apple	security	linux			emc takes retrospect dantz confirming macworld uk 's report earlier this week, emc has acquired retrospect backup software publisher, dantz development corp.
4			mobile	radio	network	mobility	broadband	technology	wireless	communication	telecommunication	carrier			verizon to buy nextwave licenses verizon wireless announced yesterday that it plans to buy airwave licenses in 23 markets from nextwave telecom inc. for 3 billion in cash, giving the cellular phone giant the ability to carry more calls in some of the nation's largest cities.
4			patented	software	technology	licensing	invention	copyright	innovation	patent			software patent battle set to flare up in europe, industry leaders, government officials and others debate whether patents would hinder or cultivate innovation.
4			computer	linux	software	unix	technology	microsoft	reliability	security	windows			linux market may grow to $ 35 billion by 2008 linux, the fast growing alternative to windows and other operating systems, will become a $ 35 billion market by 2008, technology research firm idc said wednesday.
4			cable	television	network	ethernet	broadband	technology	internet	telecommunication	tv			phone lines deliver next gen tv on demand viewing isn't just for tivo owners anymore. television over internet protocol, or tvip, offers custom programming over standard copper wires.
1			politics	election	bribery	government	democracy	transparency	corruption	scandal	fraud	corrupt			survey says political parties seen as most corrupt institutions political parties are seen as the institutions most afflicted by corruption, according to a survey released by a non governmental organization that monitors corruption.
4			processor	computer	chip	hardware	intel	technology	apple	silicon	linux			intel demonstrates new chips intel corp. president paul s. otellini yesterday demonstrated new chips scheduled for release next year that simultaneously run tasks such as burning cds and playing video games, as he sought to allay concerns about product delays.
1			truth	politics	election	democracy	kerry	people	money			volunteer links anti kerry flier to gop a volunteer for john kerry said friday he picked up a flier in bush cheney headquarters in gainesville, fla., promoting swift boat veterans for truth, a group the bush campaign has insisted for weeks it has no connection to.
4			electronics	computer	itunes	music	technology	sony			enter your e mail: according to wire reports, sony has finally decided to support mp3s in some of its future digital music players. hey, better super duper late than never.
3			income	statistics	revenue	ceo	company	stock	profit	money	earnings			heinz profit meets forecasts; shares rise ketchup maker hj heinz co. hnz.n: quote, profile, research on tuesday said quarterly profit rose 7.8 percent, excluding a year earlier tax benefit, as demand for new products
1			election	politics	campaign	democrat	race	candidate	republican			gop incumbent wins wyo. primary for house incumbent republican rep. barbara cubin easily fended off four gop challengers to earn a shot at a sixth term in november's general election.
4			science	technology	invention	innovation	research	competition	money	idea			do good! win a prize! while nobel prizes are given for past performance, other types of inducement prizes are intended to spur innovation. do they do the job?
4			application	linux	technology	performance	networking	email	security	windows			sybase upgrades powerbuilder, plots rfid move sybase inc. released a new version of its application development tool on monday, called powerbuilder 10, and outlined plans for an upgrade to its database software, adaptive server enterprise, which will go into beta at the end of this month and is due for release next year.
1			election	politics	bribery	statistics	result	voting	polling	fraud	counting			panel probes afghan poll fraud, counting delayed a panel was investigating complaints of afghan election irregularities on thursday, further delaying the start of counting in a historic poll overshadowed by concerns over multiple voting.
4			politics	trend	biotechnology	technology	tech	growth	innovation	industry			tech sector's mixed signals the tech sector can't pop open the bubbly yet, since pink slips are flying and shipping jobs overseas is as en vogue as 1980s fashion trends. but there are signs of growth that give reason to at least put the champagne on ice, with pc sales rising and small businesses planning to plunk down serious cash on technology purchases, according to a new batch of studies.
1			politics	election	campaign	race	candidate	strategy	republican	ethics	leadership			advocacy groups reflect on their role in the election while republican organizations took a bow this week, democratic groups deflected questions about their efficacy and argued that the race provided valuable experience for future victories.
1			election	politics	controversy	democracy	race	corruption	fraud	education			doubts persist about election results as the electoral college prepares to certify president bush's re election on monday, concerns persist about the integrity of the nation's voting system particularly in ohio, where details continue to emerge of technology failures, voter confusion and overcrowded polling stations in minority and poor neighborhoods.
2			indiana	baseball	violence	basketball	sport	football	detroit	nba			basketball: indiana players could face charges after brawl with ... detroit, michigan : the indiana pacers lost their cool on and off the court and brawled with unruly detroit fans during a 97 82 victory over the pistons in a chaotic game that was halted with less than a minute to go.
3			income	statistics	revenue	ceo	tax	company	growth	profit	corporation	money			mcdonald's net income up 42 percent mcdonald's corp. on tuesday said quarterly net income rose 42 percent, in line with a higher than expected forecast the company gave last week, helped by strong sales in the united states and a tax benefit.
4			electronics	computer	hardware	software	technology	performance	innovation	design	linux			first look: oqo handheld pc fails to excite design and performance issues hold back this very cool idea.
1			politics	news	election	democrat	democracy	sept	ethics			congress works on 9 11 panel legislation racing the clock, senate leaders are applying finishing touches to bipartisan legislation addressing the sept. 11 commission's recommendations just as house gop leaders prepare to debate their version, which democrats call partisan and weak...
1			politics	election	result	democracy	polling	iran	iraq	candidate	afghanistan			early results show karzai victory early results from the afghan election suggest interim president hamid karzai has won enough votes for victory.
4			linux	multimedia	technology	content	networking	email	windows			briefly: maxtor ships multimedia friendly drive roundup plus: gateway says, hold on to your hard drive...kinko's debuts web based print options...majoras takes charge of ftc.
3			thursday	business	ceo	scandal	company	finance	profit	competition	money			tyco raises dividend tyco international inc. tyc.n: quote, profile, research on thursday raised its dividend for the first time in five years, the latest indication of change at the once scandal tarnished diversified manufacturer.
4			wikipedia	computer	web	technology	internet			internet turns 35 today shadowspar writes the cbc is reporting that the internet turned 35 today. the story talks about the less than prophetic beginnings of the net: in order to log in to the two computer network, which was then
4			electronics	hacking	ethernet	hardware	software	technology	networking	security	linux			cisco routers get an upgrade com september 12, 2004, 9:00 pm pt. with the economy slowly turning up, upgrading hardware has been on businesses radar in the past 12 months as their number two priority.
3			business	privacy	technology	communication	competition	money	merger			regulators let cingular buy at&t wireless the 41 billion merger between cingular wireless llc and at t wireless services inc. won approval from the federal communications commission yesterday, according to federal sources close to the agency, paving the way for major changes in the lucrative wireless phone market.
2			basketball	money	sport	howard			top pick howard soaking it all in someday dwight howard is likely to be the orlando magic 's go to guy. but for now howard, the no. 1 overall pick in the june nba draft, is the magic 's go get me guy.
4			statistics	computer	software	privacy	technology	microsoft	database	money	security			cheapware craig murphy has had enough. as chief technology officer at sabre holdings, which runs the world's largest airfare and ticketing network, murphy has spent millions of dollars on database and other software from companies like oracle. but last year, when sabre was building a new computer system for online shoppers, murphy took a flyer on a database program from a little known company in sweden that charges only 495 per server computer, versus a 160,000 list price for oracle. guess what? the swedish stuff works great...
4			linux	software	microsoft	technology	networking	productivity	email	security	windows			vmware reveals ace in the hole using its strengths in virtual machine technology, vmware inc. on monday unwrapped new beta software for the desktop that allows administrators to more securely deploy and mange work environments outside the corporate network.
3			business	company	oracle	email	industry			peoplesoft ousts ceo who battled oracle in new york story headlined peoplesoft ousts ceo amid battle with oracle, please read in paragraph 5, oracle launched its surprise takeover bid in june 2003 ... instead of peoplesoft launched .. new york reuters peoplesoft inc.
1			politics	election	war	violence	peace	ireland	conflict	terrorism			bush urges sinn fein leader to help move peace process ahead in ... white house president bush is urging sinn fein shin fayn leader gerry adams to help speed up the peace process in northern ireland.
2			coaching	baseball	statistics	basketball	athletics	sport	player	coach	nba			six join basketball hall of fame four players, a coach and a basketall executive were enshrined friday in the naismith memorial basketball hall of fame in springfield, mass.
4			electronics	computer	pc	technology	greed	cheaper	cheap	pcs	money	linux			the $ 100 pc: how do we get there? steve ballmer says the world needs a really cheap computer, but mike ricciuti warns that cheap doesn't come easy.
4			ubiquitous	computer	network	technology	internet	japan	networking			ubiquitous network society 'around the corner' for kunio nakamura, president of matsushita electric industrial co. ltd., the much discussed era of the ubiquitous network society, is just around the corner. and with japan in the vanguard, much of the world that is already networked will be online, anywhere, anytime, for anyone, by 2010, he said tuesday in a keynote address on the opening day of ceatec 2004 in japan.
4			software	technology	licensing	copyright	pricing	patent	license	utility	linux			microsoft ponders licensing for app virtualization scenarios santa clara, calif. noting two evolving areas of software licensing, microsoft is pondering how to license when multiple instances of an application are run on a single computer, but is not eyeing a plan for utility based computing, in which charges are based on individual usage.
1			election	politics	rating	australia	pm	democracy	polling	poll	politician			pollsters refuse to write off australian pm despite lag in polls sydney : opinion polls give australia 's opposition labor party a big lead over prime minister john howard 's conservative government as campaigning begins for october 9 elections, but analysts say the real race is still too close to call.
1			politics	election	terror	war	terrorist	strategy	attack	terrorism	fear			candidates play on fears of attacks, wars playing on the fear factor, vice president dick cheney suggested in a campaign speech there might be another terrorist attack on the united states if john kerry were in the white house. president bush's opponents' are raising their own worst fears, including the potential for more wars during a second bush term...
3			income	inflation	revenue	sale	marketing	finance	profit	money			campbell soup co. profit falls 20 percent campbell soup co. cpb.n: quote, profile, research , the world 's largest soupmaker, on monday said quarterly net profit fell 20 percent as it increased spending on marketing and took a charge related to job cuts.
2			mlb	boxing	baseball	espn	soccer	basketball	sport	football	pitching	softball			baseball: jets are flying this weekend sees the other showdown between new york and new england as the jets and patriots clash in a battle of the unbeaten teams.
4			electronics	computer	safety	manufacturing	laser	technology	lightning	security	printing			lexmark recalls 40,000 laser printers an electrical shock hazard is prompting the recall of nearly 40,000 laser printers made by lexmark international inc. and sold in the united states.
3			revenue	ceo	company	stock	growth	finance	competition	money	industry			peoplesoft raises forecast, stock falls peoplesoft inc. on monday said it expects quarterly revenue to beat wall street estimates, bolstering its case to remain independent, and its shares fell 2 percent.
4			electronics	computer	hacking	technology	drug	money			sipphone sues vonage and fry 's over new hardware you might know him best as the founder of or the guy behind lindows or linspire or whatever they re calling it now , but michael robertson has another company up his sleeve called sipphone.
4			science	computer	technology	education	math	mathematics	computing	physics			two words from bill gates: computer science it wasn 't plastics as dustin hoffman was advised in the movie the graduate, but computers that bill gates told a college audience would be the ticket to a good career in the near future.
4			network	technology	broadband	internet	telecommunication	google	education			netratings survey shows broadband users now a majority in u.s. there were an estimated 63 million broadband users, or 51 of all home internet users, last month compared with 61.3 million dial up users, 49 of the total, according to a survey by netratings inc.
1			politics	election	democrat	bush	washington	terrorism	republican	security			first night, single theme for double term: sept. 11 speaker after speaker at the republican convention summoned sept. 11 in service of an overriding theme: the nation will be safer under president bush.
2			baseball	athletics	sport	swimmer	athlete	swimming	phelps	diving			phelps, u.s. win men's 4x200 freestyle relay michael phelps led the united states to a narrow victory in the men's 4x200 meters freestyle relay at the athens olympics tuesday to collect his third gold medal in four days.
4			technology	evolution	development	networking	education	linux			firefox and beyond: mozilla president browses the future q a: as mozilla launches firefox for the masses, the group's president, mitchell baker, outlines goals for gaining more web browser converts and focusing on a development platform play.
3			business	sale	restaurant	retail	food			hirst restaurant sale makes 11m fixtures and fittings from damien hirst's restaurant pharmacy sell for 11.1, 8m more than expected.
4			network	connectivity	ethernet	mobility	technology	broadband	wireless	partnership	networking	patent			ibm pushing wireless through partnerships the computing giant is stepping up its wireless efforts through partnerships, looking to sell to municipalities, hospitals and colleges.
3			business	economics	growth	profit	finance	competition	money			hhg gets out of red zone amp spin off hhg plc has produced a pound stg. 46 million $ a117 million profit for the six months to june 30 a massive turnaround from the pound stg.
1			politics	election	jihad	democracy	violence	war	peace	religion	terrorism			al sadr calls on militia to stop fighting rebel shiite cleric muqtada al sadr called for his followers across iraq to end fighting against u.s. and iraqi forces and is considering joining the political process, an al sadr aide said monday...
4			ibm	business	technology	storage	ip	nas	networking	patent	vendor			emc, ibm make nas push emc hopes to shake up the nas market this week when it announces a low priced offering that delves into territory staked out by nas pioneer network appliance.
4			electronics	computer	technology	car	tech	robot	gear			digital gear: slimming down systems and users a sleek desktop debuts, along with vr like games that help you exercise and a robot that doesn't.
1			politics	election	democracy	corruption	terrorism	freedom	africa			tunisia 's democratic future 'still bleak another sweeping re election win by tunisia 's long time president is a slap in the face for democratic reforms and political change in a country run with an iron fist, critics said on monday.
1			election	abortion	politics	democrat	texas	republican	louisiana			la. lawmaker wants opponent off ballot the louisiana supreme court was asked wednesday to knock a congressman off the nov. 2 ballot for switching at the last minute to the republican party.
4			product	electronics	privacy	technology	marketing	innovation	consumer	industry			best buy pushes its insignia brand best buy inc. will offer an expanded range of its own branded products such as lcd televisions as it pushes into the growing market for lower priced, private label consumer electronics, the company said on monday.
1			politics	election	president	democracy	voting	polling	iran	candidate	afghanistan			voting begins in afghanistan voting began in afghanistan today for the first direct presidential election in the country 's history. some 10.5 million registered voters are eligible to select a president from a total of 18 candidates.
2			medal	baseball	hockey	doping	olympics	athletics	sport	football	tennis			hamm faces yang for gold in high court of sports the disputed olympic gold medal is wrapped in a pair of white socks in paul hamm 's parents house in waukesha, wis. whether that medal stays there is up to the court of arbitration for sport in lausanne, switzerland
3			life	relationship	business	retirement	finance	hope	wealth	money			this year, take control of your financial life if you're having some regrets about how you've been handling your financial life, take heart: you can resolve to make a fresh start in the new year.
4			electronics	television	chip	technology	nfc	nokia	tv			ti working on television chip for phones for 2007 texas instruments inc. has begun developing a chip that could bring television shows to mobile phone screens in three years.
4			pc	dell	computer	hardware	software	technology	pcs	computing	linux			dell still 1 pc maker two separate reports indicate that dell has continued to hold and even extended its lead in the pc market, defined as desktops, mobile computers not pdas , and x86 servers.
4			linux	manufacturing	microsoft	technology	apple	ibm	intel	security	industry			ibm bladecenter specification picks up speed ibm on friday announced it has signed up 115 companies since early september to develop for its eserver bladecenter open specification it co authored with intel.
4			electronics	computer	chip	hardware	technology	memory	intel	computing			first look at playstation 3 chip the chip that will power the playstation 3 is said to be up to 10 times faster than current processors.
2			baseball	history	pittsburgh	sport	football	ryan	jet	rivalry			if jets and steelers are mirror images, it's time for one of them to crack after they both finished 6 10 a year ago, the jets and pittsburgh steelers have found themselves linked again, but now in their rise to the n.f.l.'s upper echelon.
3			brand	business	ceo	china	mr	finance	restaurant	competition			yum brands names new operating chief fast food restaurant operator yum brands inc. on monday named david deno chief operating officer, replacing aylwin lewis, who resigned to become president and chief executive of kmart holding corp.
3			income	business	revenue	loss	fraud	profit	accounting	risk	money			time warner profit falls new york reuters news service, 4 november 2004 time warner yesterday posted an 8 drop in quarterly net profit as it set up a $ 500 million legal reserve related to accounting probes at its america online division and said it will restate results
4			technology	broadband	internet	telecommunication	finance	patent	money			vonage doubles its money broadband internet telephony company vonage raised $ 105 million in its latest round of funding, which will be used to expand its reach in the united states and internationally.
4			processor	chip	hardware	intel	technology	performance	silicon	linux			for intel, the future has two cores chipmaker turns to a more is better approach, downplaying chip speeds in favor of new features and designs.
2			politics	coaching	spurs	soccer	sport	football	tottenham			football: i will bring the glory glory days back to spurs.... frank arnesen gave the long suffering spurs fans the pledge they have been crying out for last night as he promised: you ll get your tottenham back.
3			ge	company	growth	finance	dow	patent	corporation	money	industry			ge oks $ 15 billion buyback, ups dividend diversified manufacturer general electric co. ge.n: quote, profile, research said on friday it boosted its quarterly dividend by 10 percent and earmarked up to $ 15 billion for share repurchases over the next three years.
4			privacy	technology	regulation	internet	telecommunication	networking	patent	competition			figuring out the rules for voip the land of internet calling may not be free of regulation for much longer.
3			business	china	project	company	research	offshore	industry			study: outsourcing mostly domestic enterprise systems says tasks, including it projects, are heading mainly to other u.s. companies, not offshore.
2			coaching	florida	homosexuality	espn	basketball	sport	recruiting	football	racism			florida coach zook admits confrontation florida coach ron zook acknowledged wednesday that he confronted several fraternity members after a fight between them and three of his players last month, and athletic director jeremy foley called zook's behavior unacceptable.
4			mobile	network	mobility	connectivity	telecom	broadband	technology	telecommunication	networking			t mobile usa sees high speed network 2 years off that would likely put the company well behind its bigger rivals in delivering services such as mobile internet to mobile phones at speeds similar to connections many consumers have on their home computers.
4			computer	linux	technology	machine	networking	ibm	speed	computing	server			photos: barcelona's big blade a spanish supercomputer built by ibm has captured the world speed record for a machine using standard blade servers.
4			computer	business	network	wireless	technology	communication	networking			corporates get a case of the wireless jitters analysis too many systems, too many operators
1			election	politics	fraud	terrorism	cancer	money	security			manager admits getting papers on opponent two weeks after denying he knew anything about it, the campaign manager for a democratic congressional candidate has admitted having someone obtain public records on the republican opponent.
4			industry	pc	linux	technology	strategy	pcs	gateway	security	windows			gateway trims loss in third quarter pc maker sees potential profit at the end of the tunnel, boosted by new sales strategy.
4			glass	technology	silicon	crystal	windows			corning 's crystal clear future the world leader in production of the ultra thin glass used by companies such as lg philips lcd nyse: lpl , sony nyse: sne , hitachi nyse
3			statistics	business	investing	financial	company	bank	finance	money	banking			nortel hires accenture to revamp financial organization nortel networks said friday it has hired consulting firm accenture to help it revamp its financial organization. accenture will review elements of nortel networks global finance organization and
2			medal	doping	athletics	sport	athlete	iaaf	woman	cycling			korzhanenko stripped of medal the women 's gold medallist in shot put, irina korzhanenko, has been disqualified from the olympics and stripped of her medal after testing positive for doping.
4			application	java	software	web	development	linux			jboss ships j2ee app server open source software maker releases big update to java based application server program.
1			election	america	politics	democrat	bush	washington	republican	money			bush names campaign manager to head gop president bush's choice to head the republican party said monday he hopes to extend the gop's grip on power in washington.
2			boxing	doping	athletics	race	sport	football	greece	athlete	swimming			kenteris was disrespectful to athletes thursday night 's 200 metres final started with a disgraceful display by some of the greek fans in the stadium in response to the absence of their local favourite and defending champion, kostas kenteris.
1			politics	america	election	democracy	cancer	money	fear			fear and laptops on the campaign trail the bloggers covering the presidential race are maverick, funny, mostly partisan and always hypercaffeinated. are they ruining political journalism or recharging it?
4			computer	privacy	technology	ip	licensing	copyright	patent			intel partners 'lab on a chip' firm deal masks an interest in controversial digital content distribution patents?
4			processor	computer	chip	hardware	intel	technology	hp	silicon	linux			intel silent on jayhawk chip replacement intel corp. yesterday offered a few more details about its plans for enterprise server processors but was silent on its plans for an upcoming dual core xeon processor.
4			network	chip	ethernet	connectivity	technology	broadband	wireless	networking			airgo says linksys to use chips for wireless gear airgo networks said on monday the linksys unit of cisco system inc. will use its chips in equipment for high speed wireless networking, bolstering support for the start up chip maker's technology.
3			income	revenue	sale	microsoft	finance	profit	corporation	money			microsoft profit, revenue rises microsoft corp. , the world's largest software maker, on thursday said its first quarter profit climbed as personal computer sales and business demand fueled higher sales.
4			electronics	computer	chip	technology	innovation	patent	research	silicon			amd betting success isn 't gone in a flash over the past six months, the usual strict hierarchies of the chip world have seen some rearranging. perennial underdog advanced micro devices amd:nyse news research has made impressive strides with
1			election	ukrainian	politics	result	democracy	voting	russia	candidate	ukraine			ukrainians to vote in second round the central election commission of ukraine has announced that the second round of the countrys presidential election would be held.
4			mobile	device	mobility	java	technology	smartphone	nokia	linux			amd shows off 2005 mobile line advanced micro devices amd has expanded its increasingly popular mobile line of chips, named sempron. the new processor has higher performance and integrated evp anti virus technology.
4			science	computer	computing	engineering	technology	orion	pcs	astronomy	linux			orion hopes super pcs are stars if you need a supercomputer on your desktop, orion multisystems has a machine for you. aiming at scientists and engineers who need to do serious data crunching, the santa clara start up will
2			boxing	baseball	violence	basketball	sport	sex	football	drug	gambling			debatable: should there be criminal charges in sports brawls? nba players charge into the stands and punch fans. college football players get into a brawl and one kicks another in the head as he 's lying facedown on the ground.
4			network	technology	telecom	wireless	broadband	telecommunication	spectrum			verizon catches the nextwave the company ponies up $ 3 billion for key spectrum in buying out bankrupt nextwave telecom.
4			electronics	computer	music	privacy	technology	piracy	sony			sony sings off key the company that brought us the walkman should be giving the ipod a run for its money. what happened? perhaps you ve caught a glimpse of sony 's new digital music player, a sleek silver gizmo brandished in
4			network	connectivity	ethernet	privacy	technology	cisco	networking	switch	security			cisco to acquire network monitoring provider netsolve move will allow cisco channel partners to monitor their enterprise customers' networks to provide better service and support.
3			statistics	business	ceo	china	revenue	microsoft	company	stock	accounting	bloomberg			update 4 microsoft profit, sales rise as growth stabilizes microsoft corp. msft.o: quote, profile, research on thursday posted higher quarterly earnings as revenue rose 12 percent, but its shares fell after the world 's
4			coal	manufacturing	china	technology	metal	steel	industry			ispat to become world 's biggest steel company: world news: new york, oct 25 : global steel major ispat international monday announced it was acquiring lnm holdings of the netherlands to become the world 's largest steel producer.
4			product	software	technology	update	evolution	upgrade	innovation	change			peoplesoft throws customers a discount and free upgrade peoplesoft inc. unveiled a new incentive program on wednesday offering customers free upgrade assistance and a credit toward new purchases, an initiative the company hopes will spark sales and encourage customers to move to its latest releases.
3			business	ceo	revenue	sale	technology	company	growth	industry			emc revenue and income rise over 30 percent emc corp. revenue for the third quarter grew 34 percent year on year, driven by software and services sales, the company reported tuesday.
4			politics	radio	music	technology	marketing	communication	money			radio one says joyner deal aids urban market strategy radio one inc.'s chief executive said monday his $ 56 million acquisition of popular radio personality tom joyner's morning show will help stave off the threat of internet and satellite radio in the urban radio market.
4			computer	manufacturing	technology	patent	semiconductor	ibm	silicon	security	industry			nat semi triples its net profit shares for national semiconductor corp. rose more than 12 percent thursday after the santa clara chipmaker said its net profit tripled despite a decline in demand during the summer months.
4			statistics	technology	finance	innovation	research	money	education	industry			cio tech poll: it spending projections down in december cios surveyed last month predicted that it spending would grow by only 6.7 during the next 12 months, down from the 8.4 growth rate they predicted in november, according to the latest cio magazine tech poll released today.
3			trading	speculation	investing	company	stock	market	finance	competition	money	banking			procter gamble weigh on blue chips u.s. blue chip stocks fell on wednesday as earnings and outlooks from two consumer products giants failed to excite markets.
2			doping	olympics	basketball	athletics	sport	race	tennis	money	woman			3rd time proves golden charm for el guerrouj hicham el guerrouj was likening the meaning of his daughter 's name to the precious gold he had earned, but the moroccan might as well have been describing the last half of the men 's 1,500 meters at olympic stadium last night.
2			baseball	business	race	sport	football	competition	money	talent			smucker spreads it on thick the latest earnings report from jam specialist jm smucker nyse: sjm heralds record first quarter results. read carefully, though.
2			coaching	rating	baseball	schedule	espn	basketball	sport	football	coach	scheduling			key games in new england unh 8 2 vs. maine 5 5 when, where: tomorrow, 1 p.m., at orono, maine. tv, radio: none. last season: unh won, 47 27. comments: unh will be looking for a repeat of last week's 62 24 victory over towson, which enabled the wildcats to take over first place in the atlantic 10 north and earned earn them a no. 5 ranking in division ...
3			insurance	share	business	chicago	company	stock	fraud	corporation	money	security			us probe weighs on tommy hilfiger shares sink as a federal grand jury continues its investigation into commission rates, tax benefits. chicago reuters shares of tommy hilfiger corp.
4			science	computer	biology	discovery	technology	evolution	nature	research			research is definitely in motion whatever happened to the days of being one with nature, and getting away from it all ? first cell phones and pagers made us accessible 24 hours a day, and now research in motion 's
4			manufacturing	china	storage	technology	capacity	semiconductor	performance	patent	silicon	industry			chip maker plans capacity hike amid slowdown fear shanghai: semiconductor ma nufacturing international corp., chinas top chip maker, said it aims to hike capacity by about half by the end of 2005 to feed an anticipated sales leap in a $ 30 billion market.
4			mobile	trend	technology	smartphone	industry			news, reviews, and help for the mpx200, ipaq h6315, and smartphone ... global mobile phone sales grew by 35 in the second quarter of 2004 compared with the same period last year, according to market monitors gartner.
1			politics	election	war	economics	corruption	power	energy	terrorism	oil	money			politics: both sides eye climbing world oil prices nervously the news that the national party is to hold back on key policy announcements until closer to the election has had a mixed reception.
1			politics	indonesia	election	war	democracy	corruption	power	malaysia	leadership			mega tells nation to accept result choking back tears, president megawati sukarnoputri edged closer to conceding defeat yesterday, urging indonesians to accept the results of the country 's landmark leadership ballot.
1			election	america	politics	democracy	promise	fraud	money			keeping score: bush 's promises four years ago, candidate george bush issued a steady stream of promises to win votes. the promises were big and small, widely embraced and bitterly opposed.
3			business	trend	sale	marketing	growth	fashion	retail	earnings	industry			limited 2nd quarter earnings climb clothing retailer limited brands inc. on thursday posted a sharply higher quarterly profit, lifted by a rise in sales at stores open at least a year.
2			coaching	baseball	basketball	sport	football	maryland	softball	competition			wvu's toughest test as saturday's kickoff nears, the message emerging from the west virginia program is tempered with caution and is exceedingly respectful toward the maryland terrapins.
4			industry	ceo	technology	cisco	performance	email	security	reliability			cisco 's router market takes a hit cisco systems, the world 's largest maker of equipment that routes traffic across the internet, barely met analyst expectations on tuesday when it reported quarterly earnings and noted a sequential decline in revenues for its ip router business.
3			business	trend	technology	email	security			trend micro offers cellphone, pda security trend micro has announced the availability of trend micro mobile security, providing antivirus and anti spam protection for sms messaging customers using data centric mobile phones and pdas.
3			brand	campaign	branding	target	marketing	advertising	consumer	commercial			to salvation army, target is the grinch who stole christmas citing need for fairness to other nonprofits, bell ringers will be banned from stores this year. by david kaplan. target 's branding campaign is the darling of the advertising world.
1			politics	election	president	congress	bush			schwarzenegger, laura bush to speak today california gov. arnold schwarzenegger, first lady laura bush, sen...
3			shareholder	company	profit	corporation	competition	money			bhp billiton to award shareholders announcing record profit and revenue for the past year yesterday, global resources group bhp billiton says it has decided to award a $ 2bn bonanza to its shareholders.
1			election	politics	result	democracy	polling	poll	candidate	turnout			hong kong democrats in public rally ahead of polls hong kong's scandal rocked pro democracy camp joined hands on sunday to stage a public rally ahead of crucial legislative elections next weekend, the biggest test of public mood since district elections in november.
4			windows	computer	software	technology	screen	apple	bug	color	linux			apple extends powerbook screen repair program apple computer is offering free replacement screens to owners of 15 inch powerbook models whose machines have a flaw that causes the screen to display white spots.
4			mobile	computer	linux	unix	software	technology	ios	windows			presse conomique high tech tokyo sunnyvale, calif. business wire 22 novembre 2004 montavista software, inc., a annonc ce jour que le systme d exploitation montavista r linux r avait t retenu pour quiper trois des nouveaux tlphones mobiles de troisime
1			politics	election	democrat	race	republican	money	politician			ny atty general spitzer to run for gov. new york attorney general eliot spitzer will announce on tuesday he will run for governor of the state in 2006, a spokeswoman said.
2			america	baseball	college	basketball	sport	football	money			10 questions for college football things are getting tighter, contenders are dropping like flies and conference races are coming down to the wire. ahhhh, it 's a good time to be a college football fan.
2			coaching	baseball	retirement	basketball	sport	management	recruiting	football	coach			gators' zook given hook florida coach ron zook was fired yesterday after two plus years and a stack of embarrassments on and off the field, satisfying a growing groundswell for his ouster that began the day he replaced steve spurrier . zook will finish out the season while athletic director jeremy foley and school president bernie machen search for another coach.
4			windows	application	linux	microsoft	technology	networking	productivity	server			microsoft virtual server 2005 article central microsoft will release virtual server 2005 next week, a product aimed to help companies effectively gather computing resources.
1			election	politics	bribery	democracy	voting	corruption	reform	electoral	fraud			zimbabwean opposition to boycott election the movement for democratic change mdc is calling on the government to introduce electoral reform. the mdc says it will not take part in zimbabwe 's 2005 general election because the poll will not be free and fair.
4			electronics	battery	computer	electricity	magic	technology	power	robot	phone			its flexible circuits keep our gadgets tiny ever wonder how they squeeze so much electronic wizardry into those tiny cellular flip phones?
4			security	data	technology	storage	networking	availability	computing	server			storage products unveiled at snw show at storage networking world snw in orlando this week, several storage vendors are adding to their arsenal of products and technologies aimed at it managers dealing with the explosion of data storage.
1			politics	election	history	democrat	democracy	strategy	money	library	education			democrats discuss how to reset agenda in the shadow of bill clinton and his gleaming new presidential library, leaders of the struggling democratic party held informal discussions this week of how to come back from their devastating election day losses.
4			electricity	network	mobility	europe	technology	broadband	internet	telecommunication			broadband pushes europe web users to 100 million more than half of europe 's internet surfers now have a high speed broadband connection at home, which has helped to push the number of web users in europe through the 100 million mark, a survey found on thursday.
1			politics	ukrainian	election	result	democracy	voting	poll	russia	ukraine			ukrainian cec announces elections results: yushchenko overtakes ... ukrainian pm viktor yanukovich has received 40.03 of the vote 10,807,068 votes , and viktor yushchenko has 39.16 10,572,530 in the ukrainian presidential election.
1			politics	election	democracy	voting	poll	candidate	voter	mccain			u.s. troop numbers in iraq to hit record 150,000 the u.s. military will boost its troops in iraq to 150,000 this month, the highest level since the war began in march 2003, in order to improve security for scheduled jan 30. elections, the pentagon said on wednesday.
2			baseball	crime	violence	volleyball	basketball	sport	football			players and fans expected to face charges in brawl five members of the indiana pacers and five detroit pistons fans are expected to be charged wednesday in the november 19 brawl that took place at the palace of auburn hills.
3			gaming	marketing	strategy	competition	money			is shanda overvalued? the online games company's high valuation even more of a concern with the success of its competition.
4			dos	windows	computer	software	privacy	technology	networking	email	security	linux			faqs! facts! fax! i read with interest the recent boot camp article on the new service pack sp2 for windows xp. i have a dial up connection to the internet so i imagine that it would be impossible to download such a large file.
4			computer	life	technology	innovation	money	idea			voq pro smart phone cite reg cite review a great idea just a year too late?
2			coaching	baseball	statistics	soccer	athletics	sport	management	basketball	football	sanchez			achieving his goals hugo sanchez is nicknamed hu gol and pentapichichi, referring to his five successive scoring titles in spain's primera liga while playing for real madrid. now sanchez, who also performed for the san diego sockers in the north american soccer league and dallas burn in major league soccer, is having similar success as a coach.
3			trend	technology	company	tech	stock	growth	profit	loss	money	industry			dow, nasdaq, s p 500 drop 1 percent u.s. stocks extended their losses on wednesday after investment bank morgan stanley said quarterly profit fell, casting doubt on corporate earnings growth, while a brokerage downgrade on cisco systems inc. hurt tech stocks.
4			mobile	trend	technology	nokia	industry			idc: mobile phone market growth to slow down in 2005 the global mobile phone marketis expected to see a slow down in market growth due to the lack ofadditional catalysts, us high tech market research firm idc warnedon tuesday.
1			politics	america	history	historians	culture	democracy	germany	propaganda			let history guide our future, queen tells germany the queen urged germany and britain to learn from history, not be obsessed by it in a speech in berlin yesterday stressing that both countries should look beyond simplistic stereotypes .
2			coaching	baseball	college	retirement	basketball	sport	recruiting	football	coach			notre dame players to vote on whether to take bowl trip notre dame players will vote on wednesday whether to play in the insight bowl in phoenix, has learned. in light of the firing of coach ty willingham, the players have yet to determine if they are emotionally ready to play in the dec.
4			computer	manufacturing	microsoft	technology	ibm	corporation	email	security	industry			jpmorgan to absorb 4,000 ibm workers jpmorgan chase co. plans to undo a technology outsourcing deal with international business machines corp., taking back about 4,000 employees and contractors from the computer giant.
4			technology	economics	company	tech	growth	finance	energy	risk	industry			stocks mixed on oil prices, profit outlook higher oil prices and lowered outlooks from companies including colgate palmolive co., unilever plc and the new york times co. sent stocks sliding monday, although tech shares rallied on strong performance in the semiconductor sector...
4			wikipedia	computer	language	technology	child	africa	computing			using a new language in africa to save dying ones linguists see the computer as one important way of saving hundreds of languages in africa, some spoken only be a few dozen elders.
1			election	america	politics	democracy	voting	economics	washington	finance	money			wall street fears an undecided election the doubts, the uncertainty, the mud slinging that have kept investors indecisive all year are set to end one week from tuesday when u.s. voters go to the polls.
4			developer	extension	application	mobility	java	collaboration	storage	architecture	apps			attachmate details new synapta tools attachmate's new synapta presentation and builder tools are designed to abstract host information so developers can more quickly build composite applications with existing assets.
4			ibm	collaboration	technology	sensor	patent	research	industry			kodak, ibm to make sensors for digital cameras rochester, ny kodak and ibm have agreed to develop and make image sensors for digital cameras and camera phones. jeff couture of ibm says the information technology giant is pursuing the partnership due to
2			coaching	baseball	basketball	sport	football	rumor	money			petrino tries to end rumors, says he 's staying at u of l trying to put rumors about his candidacy for other coaching jobs to rest and quiet speculation among recruits that he wouldn 't be at u of l much longer, petrino tuesday afternoon issued his most definitive statement yet about the situation.
4			television	privacy	technology	marketing	telecommunication	advertising	tv			phone firms rush to get tv on mobile phones europeans came a step closer to having television on their mobile phones on friday when two groups of companies announced plans to push forward with consumer trials and establish a standard for the technology.
4			science	diabetes	technology	research	cancer			study: mobile phone use increases brain tumor risk ten or more years of mobile phone use can dramatically increase the risk of developing a benign tumor on the auditory nerve, according to a study conducted by the institute of environmental medicine at karolinska institutet in stockholm.
3			statistics	revenue	trend	company	growth	finance	money	earnings	industry			profit drops at ntt docomo on service fees ntt docomo inc., japan's top mobile carrier, reported a 6 percent drop in first fiscal half earnings friday as it introduced discounts to fight intensifying competition. but it raised its full year forecast, citing anticipated gains on asset sales.
4			computer	hacking	device	privacy	technology	nokia	blackberry	pcs	linux			pocket pc users report trouble with skype internet telephony application balks on ipaq and axim pocket pc devices.
4			india	software	microsoft	technology	company	ip	google			indian software giant shares start trading shares of india's top software firm, tata consultancy services ltd., soared as much as 41 percent in their first day of trading wednesday.
3			news	business	sale	technology	marketing	company	money			tivo hires marketing chief also: company announces it exceeded 2 million subscribers over labor day weekend.
4			computer	device	chip	hardware	technology	apple	memory	intel			report: apple g5 chips scarce apple computer may be facing greater difficulties than previously thought in getting hold of chips to power its high end personal computers.
2			ecuador	baseball	game	gaming	sport	football	chess	networking			photo 3 of 8: global gamers clash for cash $ 2.5 million in prize money is on the line as gamers from uzbekistan to ecuador compete in the world cyber games.
4			computer	intelligence	technology	defense	weapon	espionage	ai	security	industry			report faults military technology in iraq war front line u.s. troops often lacked access to surveillance and intelligence data during the invasion of iraq because of computer glitches, technology review magazine reported on tuesday, citing a classified report by rand corp.
4			industry	ibm	manufacturing	server	technology	manufacturer	patent	aerospace	linux			ibm rolls out low cost blade servers ibm nyse: ibm has announced a low cost blade server chassis, along with several new business in a box packages for a wide range of industries, including the growing bioinformatics sector.
4			computer	school	learning	technology	teaching	bullying	education			online learning has schools nervous a growing number of colorado school superintendents are devising strategies to soften the blow of losing students to online schools.
3			gm	store	business	sale	management	retailer	bankruptcy	hr	retail			wal mart exec tom coughlin to retire wal mart stores incorporate vice chairman tom coughlin is retiring from the bentonville based retailer. coughlin 's responsibilities include overseeing wal mart and sam 's club warehouse stores.
1			cooperation	politics	war	india	china	strategy	tactic	leadership			indian maoists discuss strategy two key indian maoist groups meet in calcutta to discuss working closer together, delegates say.
4			roaming	portal	mobility	traffic	connectivity	crossroads	storage	technology	switch	gateway			crossroads to develop intelligent iscsi storage crossroads systems has announced it is collaborating with ivivity to develop new gateway and intelligent iscsi storage systems. the new products will provide intelligent crossroads storage routing software in a hardware platform based on ivivity's idisxsilicon technology.
2			baseball	hockey	statistics	schedule	basketball	athletics	sport	boston	golf	football			today's schedule pro baseball: baltimore vs. red sox at fenway park, 7 p.m. college field hockey: fitchburg st. at anna maria, 4 p.m.; salve regina at framingham st., 4 p.m.; southern maine at maine farmington, 4 p.m.; keene st. at williams, 4:15 p.m.; husson at colby, 4:30 p.m.; gordon at bates, 5 p.m.; saint anselm at bentley, 7 p.m.; simmons at worcester st., ...
3			politics	news	controversy	business	revenue	scandal	profit	money	journalism			tribune profit stumbles on scandal costs tribune co. trb.n: quote, profile, research on thursday said quarterly profit slumped 32 percent, hurt by costs to reimburse advertisers after a circulation scandal
2			coaching	baseball	hockey	basketball	sport	football	talent			commonwealth large capsules greater lawrence coach: steve berard fifth year, 12 30 . last year's record: 2 8. returning starters: n a. returning lettermen: n a. strength: numbers. weakness: lack of winning tradition. outlook: after a tough season in which the reggies picked up just two victories and went winless in league play, things can only get better. steve berard's squad was often mentioned as a sleeper in ...
1			politics	election	war	religion	terrorism	security			un members give annan standing ovation in first appearance after ... secretary general kofi annan received a standing ovation wednesday from diplomats representing the 191 un member states, a rare public display of support for the beleaguered un chief following recent calls for his resignation from
4			mobile	motorola	mobility	technology	nokia	innovation	patent	phone			motorola expects strong sales growth motorola inc., the world's second largest mobile phone maker, said on tuesday it expects to sustain strong sales growth in the second half of 2004 thanks to new handsets with innovative designs and features.
4			windows	computer	hacking	software	privacy	technology	vulnerability	security	linux			hacker tools mean jpeg worm coming soon a tool that makes it easy to craft malicious jpeg images then let them loose against vulnerable windows pcs has appeared, security experts said friday, leading many to believe
3			revenue	technology	company	stock	profit	apple	money	industry			apple profit doubles; outlook tops views apple computer inc. on wednesday reported its quarterly profit more than doubled, on strong sales of its ipod digital music player and notebook computers and said revenue and earnings for the current quarter would top wall street estimates.
2			coaching	baseball	team	atlanta	patriot	sport	boston	nfl	football	playoff			new england patriots win 18th straight five nfl teams haven't lost this season. one of them, the new england patriots, haven't lost in more than a year.
4			computer	hacking	privacy	technology	telecommunication	telephone	blackberry	pcs	email	phone			pocket pc users report trouble with skype pocket pc users who were expecting to use skype technologies 's skypeout service to make telephone calls via the internet may find themselves without a dial tone.
3			business	manufacturing	production	operation	company	finance	industry			tyco cuts debt by $ 350 million tyco international ltd. tuesday said it will take a $ 167 million charge after repurchasing $ 350 million in convertible bonds. the bermuda based industrial conglomerate also backed its forecast for operating
1			election	politics	minister	cabinet	mr	pt			susilo to form cabinet as of oct. 5: minister jakarta antara : presidential front runner susilo bambang yudhoyono, who is leading in the vote count by a wide margin ahead of president megawati soekarnoputri, will likely start drawing up his cabinet on oct. 5., a party leader has said.
4			ibm	dell	computer	linux	technology	hp	networking	patent	industry			dell posts another quarter of nice earnings offering a stark counterpoint to rival hewlett packard co., dell inc. dell reported a nearly 30 percent jump in net income as strong sales of printers, servers and notched double digit gains in overseas markets...
4			wireless	technology	internet	telecom	broadband	telecommunication	bt			technical breakthrough boosts broadband britain broadband should be available through 99.4 per cent of phone lines by next summer thanks to a technical breakthrough by bt.
1			election	politics	ireland	terrorism	weapon	gun			ni deal to be decided the dup leader will continue talks today with the british government after sinn fein president gerry adams gave his backing for an advent agreement to revive power sharing and remove the gun forever from northern ireland politics.
4			computer	intel	privacy	technology	networking	silicon	security	linux			grove exits as silicon valley legend more than anything else, intel chairman andrew grove was a pioneer. free! sign up here to receive our internet daily e newsletter!
4			technology	marketing	people	advertising	money	email			workers think positive, negative about im com. eleven million americans use instant messaging at work, a survey released thursday said, but some at work imers would like nothing better than to toss the technology.
4			computer	hacking	unix	privacy	technology	security	linux			whatever happened to sgi? what high powered, high design, graphics oriented, unix based computers are beloved by their fanatical users? clue: it's not what you think. by jason walsh.
4			politics	technology	economics	tech	finance	innovation	energy	industry			tech strength, drop in oil prices spark wall street rally new york : us stocks resumed their rally on thursday, getting a lift from a sharp drop in crude oil prices and bullish broker comments on the tech sector.
4			electronics	recycling	battery	device	privacy	technology	nokia	phone			phones into flowers mobile telephones are one of the most quickly discarded items of consumer electronics. rapid changes in technology and taste means customers constantly upgrade their phones leaving behind more and more discarded phones.
2			baseball	history	doping	olympics	athletics	sport	race	athlete	swimming	cycling			wariner 's gold leads us to sweep in men 's 400 meters american jeremy wariner led the united states to a sweep of the medals in the men 's 400 meter sprint monday night at the olympics.
1			election	politics	war	democracy	candidate	terrorism	afghanistan			amid insecurity, afghans ready for presidential vote candidates for president in afghanistan 's first free elections to be held oct. 9 officially kicked off their campaigns yesterday.
3			news	life	business	company	money	media			martha stewart shares hit a three year high martha stewart living 's business may not have hit rock bottom yet, but its stock is officially back from the dead. shares of the struggling media company were up nearly 9 on wednesday, reaching not only their
4			mobile	electronics	motorola	computer	sport	technology	car	telecommunication	money	phone			motorola picks a smart fight like a boxer shedding pounds to get to his fighting weight, motorola is trimming down to take on the mobile phone market, shedding jobs and spinning off divisions.
4			electricity	network	privacy	technology	broadband	internet	telecommunication			sbc to offer internet telephone service sbc announced consumer tests of its internet phone service tuesday in los angeles and three other major cities and said it will offer the low cost, feature laden plans to all broadband customers in its 13 state territory including california early next year.
3			computer	business	math	hp	money			livermore: no need for hp ux on x86 this cannot be an easy time for ann livermore. when hewlett packard co. hp missed wall street 's earnings expectations late last week, the blame was placed squarely on the shoulders of ...
3			uk	asia	business	europe	technology	company	innovation	apple	industry			apple 21st century strategy emerging but the uk has emerged as the company 's strongest european market, reports the sunday times. the sunday times business section yesterday published
1			politics	election	beijing	violence	democracy	china	censorship	corruption	terrorism			hong kong political climate toxic: hrw china has created a toxic political climate in hong kong through threats and intimidation designed to skew this week 's elections in favour of pro beijing candidates, according to a global rights watchdog.
4			product	trend	price	sale	technology	shopping	pricing			looksmart performs despite msn split and acquisitions looksmart performs despite msn split and acquisitions looksmart more or less broke even last quarter to the surprise of many analysts after looksmart announced their financial results for the third quarter which ended on september 30, 2004. looksmart currently provides paid search results through a distribution network that includes lycos, cnet, ...
4			electronics	computer	computing	hardware	software	technology	infrastructure	networking	security			big blue news a sign of pc market 's graying temples while taking a back seat to software and security efforts, hardware is still a big time concern according to our survey. organizations are taking the opportunity to consolidate their environments as they replace
2			racing	running	athletics	sport	race	football	tennis	woman	event			tears of joy as holmes runs the race of her life for the second night running there were tears for british athletics. but this time, in stark contrast to the shock and bewilderment of paula radcliffe, they were tears of utter
4			television	digital	technology	broadband	telecommunication	tv	money	education			sen. mccain seeks 1 billion to speed digital tv shift u.s. senate commerce committee chairman john mccain is pushing for up to 1 billion in aid to ensure consumers are not left in the dark when television stations broadcast only new, crisp digital signals, according to draft legislation obtained on sunday.
4			science	engineering	research	technology	innovation	engineer	university	education			many engineers lack a four year degree the news comes as some observers warn that the united states needs to focus more on training scientists and engineers.
4			business	privacy	technology	internet	google			ask jeeves gets personal ask jeeves inc. is getting personal with web search and trying to leapfrog its bigger competitors in the process. the emeryville, calif.
2			politics	coaching	pittsburgh	baseball	cleveland	sport	nfl	football			belichick feels daviss pain sundays upcoming matchup between the browns and patriots features a rare twist two head coaches who know what its like being on the hot seat in cleveland while presiding over a floundering team.
4			network	ethernet	broadband	wireless	bandwidth	technology	networking	speed			newer, faster bluetooth edr now approved the bluetooth sig has finalized the bluetooth edr spec for three times the bandwidth, and laid out its road map for the next years of bluetooth.
1			election	politics	history	democrat	democracy	race	corruption	republican	money			crucial senate races costly, caustic money and mud are flying in the final days of nine close contests that will determine which party controls the senate next year.
2			doping	athletics	race	sport	athlete	swimming	competition	woman			unheralded nesterenko captures 100m gold glory if there is a more obscure olympic 100 meter champion than yuliya nesterenko, let her step forward and identify herself.
3			ceo	sale	company	stock	growth	profit	productivity	earnings	industry			applebee 's predicts earnings growth applebee 's international inc. said thursday it expects annual earnings per share to grow from 14 percent to 17 percent over the next three to five years beginning in 2005.
2			everything	baseball	sport	phelps			phelps 's dreams meet not so bad realities athens imagine, just for the length of a breezy, sun kissed summer evening in athens, that you had not heard a word about michael phelps before these olympics began. that you knew nothing about his childhood in baltimore; the failed olympic dreams of his ...
2			boxing	baseball	espn	sport	fight	money			de la hoya hopkins is about more than the championship the holiday season generally arrives a bit earlier for boxing fans than for most, and this year is no exception as the fall fight season will soon be in full swing.
4			politics	ceo	privacy	technology	microsoft	tech	education			tech briefs maggie wilderotter, a microsoft corp. executive in charge of cultivating and improving relationships with governments and education groups, is leaving the company after nearly two years.
4			electronics	device	manufacturing	technology	nokia	semiconductor	patent	silicon	intel	industry			semiconductor sales booming in 2004 worldwide semiconductor sales will reach us $ 226 billion in 2004, a 27.4 percent increase from 2003, according to the latest prediction from gartner.
4			technology	company	internet	stock	website	google			shares soar 60 pct. in ipo the shares of e commerce comparison site ltd. surged 60 percent in their stock market debut tuesday amid signs investors may have renewed affection for internet companies.
2			baseball	statistics	giant	sport	veteran	football			coughlin's attention to special teams pays off for giants in contrast to jim fassel's ambivalence to special teams, tom coughlin devotes considerable time and energy to them. and it is clear his interest is heartfelt.
2			coaching	baseball	sport	football	option	flexibility			patriots discovering virtue of versatility when it comes to switching positions for the good of the team, some players do it comfortably while others, according to patriots coach bill belichick, wouldn't even be asked. some players can interchange from position to position seamlessly and you would never know sometimes what their primary spot was, said belichick, whose team had a day off from ...
2			politics	medal	olympics	sport	race	money			dirrell tattoos cuban for medal andre dirrell already honored his grandfather by getting a tattoo of his face on his back. pretty soon he ll be able to share an olympic medal with him, too.
1			election	america	politics	democracy	race	kenya	africa	american			illinois democrat wins kenyan hearts, in a landslide the people of nyang'oma, kenya, are dreaming of good fortune for their remote village should barack obama be elevated to high office.
3			product	business	sale	software	technology	marketing	pricing	industry			siebel creates cheaper, smb software version siebel systemshas quietly introduced a version of its crm customer relationship management sales software tailored for midmarket companies.
4			virus	computer	hacking	privacy	technology	time	email	security			news: say hello to the 'time bomb' exploit prepare yourself for time bomb exploits that attack web based systems at a pre determined time.
4			controversy	roaming	network	mobility	privacy	technology	risk	security			wireless carriers ink international roaming deal there is some concern that roaming fees, which are being waived until the end of the year, will later be reimposed. ken dulaney of gartner does not think this is likely, however, because the agreement
4			network	mobility	wireless	nokia	technology	siemens	telecommunication	patent			siemens to supply 3q system to cingular siemens communications inc. reported tuesday that it signed a multiyear agreement with cingular wireless to develop a third generation, or 3g, universal mobile telecommunications system.
4			politics	computer	technology	iraq	tech	strategy	security			bush, kerry don't worry about tech election day is less than two weeks away, but so far technology has yet to make more than the occasional cameo appearance on either presidential candidate's priority list.
4			india	city	biotechnology	technology	tech	innovation	education	industry			high tech city to go up in southern india southern india's kerala state plans to create a 1,000 acre 400 hectare zone called smart city, where technology companies from around the world will be invited to set up operations, an official said friday.
2			australia	cycling	doping	athletics	sport	race	swimming	racing			ulmer has golden glow exhausted cyclist sarah ulmer is still on a high from taking gold at the olympics in world record time. she is back at the olympic village and still cannot believe the number of new zealanders at the velodrome to cheer her on.
3			life	relationship	business	cash	death	money			cash from the past? many of them have been extraordinarily patient; some died waiting. a few are relative newcomers sensing an opportunity.
4			drug	brain	computer	technology			penny for your thoughts a tiny 100 electrode chip was implanted in a 24 year old quadriplegic's brain in june of this year. he's now able to send email and play videogames using only his thoughts. the whole package is dubbed braingate.
1			politics	election	business	democracy	voting	power	money			don't waste your vote every year, you're given the chance to have a say in how the companies you own are run. don't blow it. vote.
4			cyber	hacking	software	privacy	technology	encryption	vulnerability	terrorism	security			hacker strikes university computer system cyber threats, chiefly viruses like netsky and sasser, make security an ongoing concern as it holds steady over software infrastructure as the third top priority.
4			electronics	dell	computer	device	mobility	technology	networking	pcs	linux			dell axim x50 series vga pocket pcs the dell axim x50 and x50v are the first pocket pcs from dell with 3.7 inch vga lcd screens. these devices out power some computers still in use here at home, it will be available in 412, 516 or 620 mhz intel xscale processors.
4			computer	unix	software	technology	evolution	copyright	patent	security	linux			sun to offer new solaris as 'open source' software it cost sun microsystems $ 5 billion to develop solaris, a powerful computer operating system used by governments and giant corporations worldwide. but in a concession to the radical new economics of computer software, sun will distribute the latest version of solaris free of charge, to anyone who wants a copy.
4			security	hacking	privacy	technology	encryption	surveillance	linux			q1 labs tackles intrusion prevention q1 labs this week plans to release the latest version of its flagship software as well as add on software that the company says enables its security management tool to not only detect security issues but also prevent them.
2			australia	doping	athletics	sport	athlete	jones	drug	cycling			jones should lose all medals if guilty world anti doping agency wada chief dick pound says that if us sprinter marion jones has taken banned substances she should be stripped of all her medals regardless of when she won them.
4			electronics	computer	chip	intel	technology	networking	semiconductor	silicon			intel abandons digital tv chip project new york, october 22 global semiconductor giant intel corporation has called off its plan to develop a new chip for the digital projection televisions.
3			business	growth	finance	rs	money			strong c $ cuts aber diamond q3 net to us $ 8.5m; dividend and ... the strong canadian dollar chipped away at aber diamond corp. 's quarterly profit but, with sales almost doubling from a year ago, the company said monday it has initiated a dividend and a share buyback.
1			politics	business	sex	religion	money			flexible work schedules pay off the door is constantly swinging at the american speech language hearing association in rockville, md.: janet mcnichol leaves early some days to take a photography class or watch her sons' baseball games. colleen glackin ducks out for a few hours in the morning to go to school part time. arthur lynch jr., who commutes more than an hour to work, has been ...
3			business	investor	investing	celebrity	entertainment	hollywood	money			media brass bullish on 05 entertainment industry executives got to strut their stuff monday as two big traditional winter investor conferences kicked off here with a star studded lineup.
1			gonzales	politics	controversy	election	democrat	conservative	corruption	bush	republican	ethics			choice of gonzales may blaze a trail for the high court the choice of alberto r. gonzales as attorney general may be part of a strategy to bolster his credentials with conservatives.
2			rating	baseball	television	nbc	espn	basketball	sport	abc	football			abc sorry for desperate housewives football plug the national football league has thrown a penalty flag at abc television, and the network has apologized, for its literal use of locker room humor to promote the new hit drama desperate housewives.
4			electronics	gaming	music	technology	innovation	hp	apple			hp unveils its ipod, entertainment media center hewlett packard hp is hot about what it considers a consumer revolution in digital media, and on friday the company's chairman and chief executive officer carly fiorina selected a chic club here in miami beach to unveil a raft of consumer electronic devices, including hp's version of apple computer inc.'s ipod, and pledge her company's commitment to this market.
2			baseball	hockey	soccer	athletics	sport	basketball	golf	football	tennis			today's schedule college field hockey: tufts at wheaton, 3:30 p.m.; smith at elms, 4 p.m. college soccer: men st. michael's at middlebury, 2:30 p.m.; southern maine at unew england, 3 p.m.; umass boston at emerson, 3:30 p.m.; husson at maine maritime, 7 p.m.
4			gaming	technology	evolution	security	industry			alienware evolves from gamers to corporates revamped website signals desire for broader customer base
4			electronics	computer	saving	technology	networking	money	email	education			pluggedin: multifunction devices draw back to school crowd the consumer electronics gizmo that offers many functions in a small package is what's compelling back to school shoppers to open their wallets.
1			election	politics	history	democrat	democracy	race	debate	republican	party			control of us senate hinges on handful of hard fought contests a handful of nail biter contests could flip control of the us senate to the democrats in the november 2 election, while the house of representatives is expected to remain firmly in the grasp of george w. bush's republican party.
3			computer	business	technology	company	google	greed	corporation	competition	money			yahoo! wants a slice of desktop search market it is almost weird to see these big corporations trying to enter a field so soon one after the other that was ruled by small companies just few weeks ago.
4			mobile	india	technology	nokia	company	phone	industry			nokia says handset market to slow, share to rise nokia quote, profile, research , the world 's largest mobile phone maker, expects slowing mobile phone growth in 2005 but plans to launch
2			coaching	baseball	college	michigan	basketball	athletics	sport	recruiting	football	quarterback			the pride are back for more springfield college begins this season with lofty expectations and a no. 4 preseason ranking from that doesn't impress coach mike delong, whose team opens at home tomorrow night with a tough test against union college.
2			shooting	doping	olympic	olympics	athletics	sport	football	athlete	iaaf			shot put earns a dubious distinction as first and last test ... the executive board of the ioc will meet at 5am for the second day running, this time to take away the women 's shot put gold medal from russian irina korzhanenko.
1			politics	diplomacy	israel	violence	democracy	war	peace	terrorism			chirac hits out at international community 's inaction in middle ... paris : french president jacques chirac sharply criticized the international community 's failure to help put an end to the israeli palestinian conflict, saying the world should impose peace talks.
4			electronics	computer	device	chip	technology	semiconductor	silicon	intel	industry			ibm, amd speed chips, strain wafers researchers at ibm and advanced micro devices inc. have improved a chip making technology called strained silicon, boosting semiconductor performance at a time when such gains are increasingly hard to come by, the companies said on sunday.
4			wikipedia	computer	hacking	privacy	technology	internet	google	computing			experts warn about google problems on shared computers it was supposed to be a tool to help people find stuff on their hard drives. but experts are warning that google 's new search engine for computers may leave a person 's personal information at risk if they use shared computers.
3			trading	share	trend	investing	company	option	stock	market	money			headline stocks: stocks to watch, nov. 15 u.s. stocks to watch on monday include family dollar stores inc., staples inc., microsoft corp., and general electric co.
4			science	electronics	computer	spy	conspiracy	privacy	technology	invention	espionage			canadian inventor lets everyone be an armchair spy new internet based technology could soon turn regular computer users into armchair spies, a canadian inventor said on monday.
2			baseball	nascar	sport	race	football	softball	money	racing			plenty of tickets remain howard's 0 2 start and the threat of rain from hurricane ivan have slowed ticket sales for saturday's prince george's classic at fedex field, organizers said tuesday.
2			baseball	basketball	sport	football	softball	wrestling	racing			rv city glad to see zook go in rv city, memories of the past are not far away at all. at the mcginnis camper, there 's a 1996 national championship mailbox.
4			india	microsoft	technology	tech	innovation	hp	patent			hp, microsoft take tech on the road new yorkhewlett packard co. and microsoft corp. are taking to the road with a new initiative to bring technology to small and midsize businesses in remote parts of the country.
2			politics	baseball	basketball	sport	football	softball			170 sign up to speak at baseball hearing like two teams before a big game, supporters and detractors of a plan to bring baseball to the district are preparing their lineups for tomorrow 's showdown before the dc council.
4			computer	data	sale	technology	storage	networking	ibm	security	industry			ibm raises bar and lowers prices in storage effective december 3, ibm expects to carve out a bigger slice of the storage market, and two months prior to shipping, the initial prospects look very good for the channel.
3			industry	ibm	business	ceo	oracle	performance	analytics	accounting	reliability			oracle 's earnings top expectations by penny san francisco business software maker oracle 's quarterly earnings barely exceeded analyst expectations, despite sluggish sales.
3			water	ge	electricity	business	company	growth	energy	money	industry			ge to buy water treatment co for $ 1.1 bln general electric co. ge.n will buy ionics inc. ion.n for $ 1.1 billion to build out its water treatment and services business, one of its major growth initiatives, the companies said on wednesday. p
4			network	telecom	technology	company	ip	telecommunication	networking	patent	industry			alcatel snaps up two us companies french telecommunications equipment vendor alcatel on friday snapped up two us technology firms in acquisitions that will add wireless switching and ip conferencing technology to its portfolio.
4			computer	statistics	data	technology	company	finance	accounting	money	industry			computer associates results top view computer associates international ltd. , the software maker under government watch after an accounting scandal, on wednesday posted better than expected quarterly results and said full year earnings will exceed wall street estimates, helped by cost cutting.
3			revenue	sale	growth	profit	finance	bankruptcy	loss	money	earnings			pulte drops earnings expectations pulte homes, the owner of phoenix based del webb, tuesday announced a profit warning for the third quarter. citing poor sales in las vegas, pulte now expects third quarter earnings from continuing operations
4			network	privacy	wireless	technology	ip	communication	telecommunication	patent			cingular acquires at wireless, the real work begins now on 26 october 2004, cingular wireless acquired at wireless services after receiving final clearance from the us federal communications commission.
4			electronics	radio	computer	privacy	technology	communication	robot	speech			scansoft scans for deals on the surface, speech technologies make a lot of sense. but it may still be too early for them to make it in prime time.
1			election	politics	war	iraq	afghanistan			new coalition offensive leads to arrest of dozens of insurgents in ... american, british and iraqi troops are continuing their effort to root out insurgents south of baghdad, in an operation aimed at clearing the way for elections to be held in january.
4			computer	india	biotechnology	technology	innovation	patent	education			india emerges as innovation hub indian labs churn out technologies to help users in developing countries keep up with the information age even if they can't afford a computer, don't live near a phone or speak a language that can't be typed on a standard keyboard. by manu joseph.
4			computer	software	privacy	technology	storage	patent	memory	silicon	computing	linux			storage on a chip silicon image 's new lower cost storage appliance should be more palatable to small and midsize businesses. by martin j. garvey.
1			politics	election	controversy	australia	democracy	censorship	terrorism	media			aussie pm caught in spam row the australiam prime minister, a man called john howard, is at the centre of a spam row. when howards party steered through an anti spam law late last year it came with a couple of loopholes that were opposed by the opposition.
3			insurance	trading	computer	business	investing	stock	market	derivatives	money	security			online trading tips those nice folks at the securities and exchange commission sec , charged with among other things looking out for the interests of individual investors, never stop trying to help us out. their website, for example, offers a bunch of tips for those of us who trade stocks online.
4			windows	compatibility	hardware	software	microsoft	system	security	linux			microsoft posts windows xp service pack 2 compatibility guide microsoft has released a kit to help it professionals spot compatibility problems between windows xp service pack 2 and other applications, and how to roll out fixes.
4			network	connectivity	ethernet	mobility	mesh	technology	broadband	wireless	networking			motorola acquires wireless mesh vendor motorola said tuesday that it will acquire meshnetworks, a developer of 802.11 mesh networks designed to cover areas as large as entire cities.
4			electronics	computer	wired	technology	wireless	networking	intel	security	linux			intel gives centrino chip line a wireless upgrade intel corp. intc.o: quote, profile, research on thursday said it has upgraded the wireless networking capabilities of its centrino line of notebook computer chips to allow broader network access with improved security.
4			failure	hacking	technology	cracking	patent	silicon	reliability			ibm claims to treble chip speed with 'strained breakthrough ibm says that it has developed a technique of using 'strained germanium which, it claims, will triple the performance of commercial chips.
4			success	computer	business	progress	technology	something	money	speed			3 things you must know to be successful a dozen years ago i asked a friend of mine if he would share with me a technical indicator he had invented. he responded, no problem, after i am done with it.
3			trading	trend	price	company	market	stock	finance	industry			stocks end lower after coca cola warning u.s. stocks declined on wednesday after a profit warning from coca cola co. renewed worry about corporate profits and a downgrade of the technology sector by goldman sachs weighed on markets.
2			marathon	olympics	doping	athletics	sport	race	athlete	iaaf	cycling			new doping scandal at games almost 100 runners set out on sunday to recreate history's legendary marathon while a modern day doping scandal threatened the gold medal won by russia at the first olympic event held at ancient olympia in 1,600 years.
4			biotechnology	technology	economics	strategy	energy	finance	corporation	competition	industry			emisphere wins novartis over emisphere warrants close attention, although massive profits are not in the near term cards.
3			business	buying	sale	marketing	retailer	shopping	fashion	drug	consumer	retail			some retailers had luxurious weekend i think the start was very mixed, said howard davidowitz, chairman of davidowitz associates, a national retail consulting and investment banking firm in new york.
3			inflation	manufacturing	trend	price	company	firm	export	industry			manufacturing sector grows the institute for supply management said monday us economic activity in the manufacturing sector grew in october. ism 's purchasing managers index registered 56.
1			politics	election	congress	war	washington	debate			house left to wrestle with 9 11 bill senate passage of a bill to enact the sept. 11 commission's terror fighting recommendations now puts the focus on the house, where getting republicans and democrats to agree on the legislation may be more difficult...
3			gm	business	sale	sears	marketing	retailer	competition	retail	merger			sears canada sacks chairman ceo mark cohen over 'strategic ... sears canada inc. has dismissed mark cohen as chairman and chief executive officer, citing strategic differences between him and the board of directors.
1			politics	dissent	violence	democracy	corruption	censorship	journalism	terrorism	freedom	media			venezuela lawmakers rework controversial media law venezuelan lawmakers backing left wing president hugo chavez said on thursday they were working with opponents to rewrite parts of a media law that has come under fire from critics who fear it will muzzle dissent.
1			election	politics	democrat	democracy	china	corruption	politician			rumor mill takes toll on hong kong democrats hong kong as the legislative election campaign entered its final week monday, a series of sex and financial controversies involving democracy advocates was making it look less and less likely that democrats could win a majority.
4			software	unix	privacy	technology	piracy	patent	security	linux			peoplesoft devotees in denial? com september 22, 2004, 5:38 pm pt. this fourth priority 's main focus has been improving or obtaining crm and erp software for the past year and a half.
3			revenue	sale	finance	profit	productivity	corporation	money	industry			xerox quarterly profit rises xerox corp. on thursday said third quarter profit rose as it cut costs and sales of its copiers and printers improved.
1			politics	america	war	race	american	money			brown becomes ugly american larry brown couldn 't help himself, or the reputation of his country. he could have watched the clock wind down, accept the victory, but instead he had to be so very american.
3			inflation	investing	economics	company	stock	market	growth	profit	money	earnings			stocks rise before earnings blitz u.s. stocks advanced on monday as investors showed optimism that corporate earnings reports may come in better than expected, but crude oil prices at a fresh record near $ 54 a barrel curbed gains.
4			computer	linux	software	microsoft	marketing	technology	innovation	computing	windows			a new laptop with big media power with elaborate fanfare this month, microsoft yanked the wraps off the latest version of its windows xp media center edition mce operating system. although the software has had some moderate success microsoft recently announced mce unit sales had broken the million mark getting couch potatoes to become computer friendly tubers has been a daunting task.
2			coaching	baseball	hockey	espn	basketball	sport	denver	detroit	toronto			nuggets add to raptors woes with an injured vince carter on the bench, the toronto raptors dropped their sixth straight game friday, 101 87 to the denver nuggets.
4			windows	computer	linux	hardware	software	technology	licensing	patent	security	server			microsoft sets licensing policy for new chips microsoft corp. on tuesday agreed to require only a single license for server software that runs on computers powered by a new generation of chips that squeeze multiple processors into a single package.
4			electronics	hacking	hardware	software	technology	apple	samsung	linux			samsung working on tiny drive com september 29, 2004, 6:50 pm pt. with the economy slowly turning up, upgrading hardware has been on businesses radar in the past 12 months as their number two priority.
1			politics	election	controversy	florida	democracy	corruption	lawyer	fraud	money			despite reforms, florida vote may face challenge with hundreds of lawyers mobilizing next month to monitor the presidential election, what are the chances of a remake of the florida 2000 fiasco? probably quite high, election watchers say.
3			trade	investment	investing	economics	finance	pricing	competition	money	industry			m a industry weighs fees against size investment banks are in the midst of the annual fight for bragging rights as the biggest dealmakers of the year, but this time the rankings a key factor in winning new business are under intense scrutiny.
1			politics	election	taxation	government	tax	spending	corruption	finance	money			congress passes stop gap measure to fund government the u.s. congress was forced to pass a temporary measure keeping the government open on wednesday after one embarrassing clause allowing lawmakers to see individual tax returns held up a crucial 388 billion spending bill.
4			computer	software	privacy	technology	storage	encryption	finance	money	email	security			veritas software to buy kvault e mail archiver new york veritas software, the largest independent us storage software provider, will buy the e mail backup company kvault software for $ 225 million in cash, veritas said tuesday.
3			agriculture	business	mr	marketing	food			bharti group forays into agri biz floats 50:50 joint venture ... going farm friendly: lady lynn forester de rothschild, director, elro holdings, being welcomed by mr sunil bharti mittal, chairman group md, bharti enterprises, and mr rakesh b. mittal, joint md, bharti tele ventures, at a press conference in the
4			product	application	java	web	technology	xml	eclipse	tool	apps			tools wrap: web services, e commerce, xml touted new products to build web services with eclipse, e commerce apps with amazon's technology, and more.
4			security	computer	linux	hardware	technology	networking	ibm	computing	server			ibm to share technology and designs for new computer bm plans to announce today that it will share the designs and technology for a fast growing line of computers known as blade servers.
3			statistics	business	software	technology	company	seo	logistics	industry			sungard will spin off disaster recovery unit sungard data systems inc. plans to split into two companies: one focused on software and processing services and the other on business continuity, availability and disaster recovery services.
4			electronics	computer	hacking	hardware	software	technology	nokia	phone	linux			nokia debuts new smart phone with the economy slowly turning up, upgrading hardware has been on businesses radar in the past 12 months as their number two priority.
4			science	electronics	computer	engineering	technology	car	robot	dinosaur			the real da vinci code is his mysterious three wheeled cart a proto automobile? a remote controlled robot? a rolling renaissance computer? follow the quest to rebuild leonardo's 'impossible machine.' by tom vanderbilt from wired magazine.
4			electronics	biotechnology	technology	semiconductor	sensor	patent	camera	silicon			kodak, ibm team up to build image sensors the two companies zoom in on semiconductor technology to help digital cameras and camera phones take better pictures.
4			computer	computing	linux	usb	technology	storage	networking	ibm	security	server			seagate announces 400 gbyte harddrive hitachi 's 400 gbyte deskstar got company: seagate announced it is shipping its barracuda 7200.8 to retail stores and system builders, also offering up to 400 gbyte storage space.
4			processor	computer	intel	technology	apple	silicon	computing	linux			amd's next rabbit out of the hat: dual core advanced micro devices is making a push to beat intel in the development of dual core microprocessors based on x86 chips. on tuesday, amd nyse: amd unveiled a prototype dual core opteron processor running in a hewlett packard proliant server.
4			network	privacy	technology	company	communication	telecommunication	networking	security	termination			nortel details plans to lay off 3,250 employees nortel networks corp. will lay off approximately 1,400 employees in the us and about 950 in canada, with those employees to be notified by the end of june 2005, the network equipment vendor said in a regulatory
1			election	indonesia	politics	history	democracy	china	corruption	candidate	jakarta			indonesia 's yudhoyono wins presidential election susilo bambang yudhoyono has won indonesia 's presidential election after the former general garnered support from three fifths of voters, the general election commission said.
4			computer	network	ethernet	privacy	technology	internet	information	networking	email			internet turns 35, still work in progress thirty five years after computer scientists at ucla linked two bulky computers using a 15 foot gray cable, testing a new way for exchanging data over networks, what would ultimately become the internet remains a work in progress.
4			mobile	electronics	privacy	technology	camera	photography	phone			lg electronics plans to launch 7mp camera phone while it took the digital photography industry around six years to launch a six megapixel digital camera it seems the mobile phone industry is not hanging about.
4			computer	hacking	surveillance	privacy	technology	encryption	terrorism	security	linux			schwarzenegger signs california anti spyware bill california gov. arnold schwarzenegger signed an anti spyware bill on tuesday banning unauthorized installation of deceptive software that hides in personal computers and secretly monitors user activity.
1			election	politics	government	democracy	parliament	immigration	mps	terrorism	canada			canada lawmakers avoid no confidence vote canadian prime minister paul martin reached a last minute agreement with opposition leaders thursday night to avoid a no confidence vote in parliament that could have brought an end to his government and new elections.
3			product	statistics	business	software	technology	company	finance	analytics	accounting			first look: small business accounting apps intuit, best software offer new features, prices with 2005 editions.
4			cluster	computer	linux	china	software	technology	networking	computing	server			linux cluster companies attract new funds venture capitalists are lavishing money on the fashionable linux supercomputing concept but smaller firms face much larger rivals.
4			electronics	taiwan	manufacturing	trend	sale	technology	company	korea	industry			lg electronics profit rises 36 on handset sales lg electronics inc., south korea 's second largest electronics maker, reported third quarter profit rose 36 percent, better than analysts expected, after selling a record number of mobile phones.
3			cable	corp	business	technology	company	communication	telecommunication	corporation	carrier	industry			at boosts 2004 job cuts to 20 percent at corp. will cut more than 20 percent of its workforce this year, ratcheting up its planned layoffs from a previously estimated target of 8 percent, the long distance telecommunications carrier announced thursday.
1			politics	election	revolution	war	democracy	rebellion	terrorism	colombia	rebel			colombia says it's winning vs. rebels the colombian government is winning in its offensive against marxist rebels in their jungle strongholds, the country's new army chief said thursday.
2			baseball	team	statistics	espn	basketball	conference	sport	football	scheduling	competition			thursday 's preview points: the big east race is barely under way, but the winner of this matchup of teams with 1 0 league records takes sole possession of first place.
4			computer	television	movie	privacy	technology	entertainment	tv			review: hi def tv may be pcs' killer app it's been possible for years to watch television on a personal computer, but not many people do. the reasons are simple: mediocre picture and sound quality and the ergonomics of it all. tvs don't need to boot up.
4			business	network	privacy	broadband	technology	wireless	telecommunication	networking	money			nortel rivals cool outlook for wireless gear how long can the wireless networking boom last? not much longer, according to major competitors of nortel networks. ericsson, the giant of the wireless industry, put a damper on stock markets yesterday when
2			coaching	statistics	basketball	club	sport	football	transfer	coach	relegation			roda will not extend vloet amsterdam, the netherlands sports network dutch club roda jc announced tuesday that coach wiljan vloet will not be back next season.
4			science	computer	art	progress	technology	tech	invention	innovation	research			have 25 years of progress helped? at this year's ars electronica, the largest annual festival of technology and art, organizers are focusing on a simple question: have the technological advancements of the last quarter century helped or hurt us? by michelle delio.
4			electronics	technology	siemens	nokia	patent	industry			ovti up in early trade, shipping camerachip to siemens 08:11 am est, sep 13, 2004 midnighttrader omnivision technologies ovti is advancing this morning after announcing it is shipping production volumes of its 1.3 megapixel ov9640 camerachip to siemens information and communication mobile siemens
4			music	technology	copyright	content	multimedia	video	audio	industry			amd launches mobile video processor chip manufacturer amd nyse: amd today introduced a processor designed to handle the demands of multimedia content on mobile devices. the latest iteration of amd's alchemy product line, dubbed au1200, promises to provide video entertainment for consumers on the move, much like what mp3 players deliver to music fans.
1			politics	election	israel	war	democracy	strategy	terrorism			bush and kerry must engage in gaza withdrawal the next few weeks may reveal whether or not prime minister sharon will succeed in cobbling together a government that will implement his gaza withdrawal plan. it is disconcerting to see how difficult he is finding it to ...
4			electronics	battery	device	cell	technology	nokia	semiconductor	silicon			sony, ibm, and toshiba reveal additional details on cell chip initial versions of playstation 3 chip will not be produced with a cutting edge chip making technology.
2			injury	miami	basketball	sport	football			shaq may play in heat opener shaquille o neal wants to play in miami 's opener today at new jersey despite a strained left hamstring. o neal said after yesterday 's practice the hamstring felt awkward when he ran.
4			ibm	computer	microsoft	technology	patent	email	security	industry			jp morgan kos $ 5 bln ibm outsourcing deal j.p. morgan chase co. , said on wednesday it was scrapping a $ 5 billion outsourcing deal with ibm corp. , amid an overall plan to manage more of its own technology services.
3			share	company	stock	growth	advertising	google			google shares begin trading on nasdaq shortly before noon today, google inc. stock began trading under the ticker symbol goog on the nasdaq stock market.
3			news	business	sale	marketing	economics	profit	health	money	food			wall street slices spam food purveyor hormel foods nyse: hrl owner of the spam canned meat bonanza had good news this morning, or so you would think. sales were up 15, unit volume was up 6, and earnings, excluding a positive impact from the ...
4			art	technology	design	architecture	whitney	education			design for living patrick whitney's cell phone drives him crazy. its speed dial settings do not change when he travels to another city. he can't send a message to his online calendar. it makes random calls when it gets squashed in his briefcase. fixing these problems doesn't take new technology, he says, just better design. whitney, 53, is the director of the illinois institute of technology's institute of design, the largest full time graduate school of design in the u.s.
4			mobile	network	technology	telecom	broadband	wireless	telecommunication			alltel closes deal with us cellular on heels of cingular ... alltel corp. on tuesday said it has completed its $ 144 million summer deal with us cellular and tds telecom, only days after announcing it plans to acquire wireless properties
4			windows	pc	computer	software	privacy	technology	microsoft	security	linux			microsoft pushes back release of its next version of windows microsoft corp., whose software runs about 95 percent of personal computers worldwide, has delayed the next version of its windows pc operating system until late 2006 because engineers took time away from the project to improve the security of
4			genetics	biotechnology	technology	evolution	cancer			dolly creators seek clone license the scientists behind dolly the sheep apply for a license to clone human embryos. they want to take stem cells from the embryos to study lou gehrig's disease.
4			ethernet	technology	standard	patent	audio			apple supported technologies approved by dvb the digital video broadcasting steering board dvb has approved a revision to its implementation guidelines for audio and video codecs over a broadcast transport stream. the revision includes two technologies supported by apple computer inc., h.264 or advanced video codec avc and high efficiency aac he aac audio codecs.
4			manufacturing	technology	automation	robot	productivity	efficiency	industry			un report: domestic robot use growing the use of robots around the home to mow lawns, vacuum floors, pull guard duty and perform other chores is set to surge sevenfold by 2007, says a new un survey, which credits dropping prices for the robot boom.
3			trading	investor	index	market	stock	money			stocks show mixed results in short session stocks finished mixed in post holiday trading friday as wall street meandered through a shortened session. the major indexes ended the week higher as investors looked forward to the results of the
1			election	politics	campaign	voting	polling	poll	strategy	campaigning			sharp increase in early voting alters campaign the surge in early voting is affecting where candidates are sent and money is spent in the final days of the campaign.
4			science	genetics	biotechnology	technology	discovery	research	leukemia	cancer			genta can 't catch a break news research is never boring! monday night, the company announced that its phase iii genasense study in chronic lymphocytic leukemia cll met its primary endpoint, which was tumor shrinkage.
1			politics	election	controversy	democracy	europe	parliament	eu	corruption	terrorism	debate			controversy mars eu constitution signing twenty five leaders representing all of the members of the newly expanded european union on friday signed the bloc 's first ever constitution, a document that aims to create a more federal type government in europe.
2			doping	marathon	athletics	race	sport	football	brazil	athlete	racing			brazils lima returns home to heros welcome sao paulo brazil : olympic marathon bronze medallist vanderlei de lima, who was tackled by a spectator while leading the race, came home wednesday to a heros welcome and said he was thrilled to earn a medal even though his fellow brazilians believe he
1			politics	election	violence	democracy	censorship	corruption	power	terrorism	freedom	torture			milosevic calls for control over own trial defense former yugoslav president slobodan milosevic made a passionate appeal to judges to allow him to defend himself at his trial thursday but prosecutors said he was not fit enough and was thwarting progress.
4			computer	linux	technology	microsoft	networking	ibm	productivity	server			ibm adds to its blade servers ibm on friday expanded its blade server portfolio with six new systems, new options for attached disk drives, and improved power management.
4			ge	engineering	manufacturing	china	technology	automation	plant	patent	aerospace	industry			ge sites sensor world headquarters in billerica general electric co.'s sensing business is setting up its world headquarters in billerica, as it consolidates three area plants into one.
3			mobile	business	mobility	network	revenue	technology	company	industry			cingular to launch us 3g network cingular, the largest mobile phone operator in the us, is to launch a high speed third generation 3g network from next year. mobile phone firms have been seeking new areas to boost revenue and cingular 's
4			supply	manufacturing	demand	technology	economics	innovation	research	education	industry			applied materials signals caution news research posted sharply higher net income in its fiscal fourth quarter but said it had seen demand decelerate recently.
4			ibm	network	technology	automation	networking	patent	security	industry			ibm puts faith in smart tags ibm plans to announce that it will invest $ us250 million $ 350million over five years and employ 1000 people in a new business unit to support products and services related to sensor networks and radio identification tags.
2			usa	boxing	baseball	atlanta	olympics	espn	basketball	sport	football			dream team stunned by puerto rico 92 73 in an upset that was as historic as it was inevitable, the u.s. men's basketball team lost for only the third time ever in the olympics on sunday, 92 73 to puerto rico...
4			beauty	electronics	technology	nokia	car	design	innovation	fashion	phone			nokia announces fashion phones: nokia 7280, 7270 and 7260 nokia launched three new phones at a major fashion event that might just match the clothing, purse or jewelry you are wearing. according to the press release: the sleek and sexy nokia 7280 offers a completely
4			business	technology	tech	strategy	saturn	titan	security	industry			titan posts slightly higher profit titan corp. , which provides technology and translating services to the u.s. military, on wednesday reported a slightly higher quarterly profit.
3			success	business	marketing	greed	advertising	health	money	food			the fool's look ahead it's going to be a value meal of earnings with the burger and soda giants posting quarterly results.
1			politics	election	violence	democracy	polling	syria	iran	poll	iraq			iraqi minister says polls doable despite violence iraqi foreign minister hoshiyar zebari said monday the interim government is not underestimating the security threat to planned national elections on jan. 30 and believes the poll can take place.
2			baseball	australia	doping	olympic	olympics	basketball	sport	football	chess			taskmaster coach brings suffering wolf wigo was 27, earning well into six figures as an options trader in san francisco, when ratko rudic invaded his life. it was 2001, a year after the sydney olympics, where
4			electronics	computer	device	software	music	technology	nokia	linux			siemens 65 series bug could cause hearing damage siemens mobile has warned users about a software related defect in its 65 product series, the c65, cx65, m65, s65 and sl65 may cause an extremely loud melody when the battery is run down causing your connection to be lost.
2			baseball	basketball	sport	boston	football	money			megliola: bc blows golden opportunit on one side, you had boston college playing for its first big east championship by default, some would say and an invite to a big time, big dough, bcs bowl; a team saying
3			manufacturing	technology	company	growth	finance	dow	corporation	competition	earnings	industry			general electric posts higher profit diversified manufacturer and financial services company general electric co. posted third quarter earnings in line with wall street expectations on friday, as revenue rose 15 percent on higher industrial sales
4			computer	linux	technology	evolution	innovation	silicon	security	windows			curtain rises on solaris 10 calling it the biggest thing we ve done in nearly a decade, sun microsystems chairman and chief executive scott mcnealy yesterday officially launched the solaris 10 operating system.
4			radio	wired	network	broadband	technology	wireless	communication	telecommunication	networking			verizon wireless won 't oppose nextel swap verizon wireless on tuesday withdrew its opposition to a plan that would give nextel communications inc. nxtl.o: quote, profile, research valuable new wireless airwaves
2			baseball	statistics	espn	replay	sport	football	softball	gambling			baseball gms weigh in on instant replay after a pennant race and postseason dotted with reversed rulings, baseball will get another chance to see who else wants to give replay a look. the topic is on the agenda for thursday at the gm meetings. and there seems to be growing support among teams to join the nfl, nba and nhl in using instant replay on calls such as fair or foul and homer or not, but definitely not balls and strikes.
4			electronics	statistics	computer	data	software	privacy	storage	technology	money	security			painless but pricey backups for a lot of people these days, the data they create and store on their computers is worth more than the hardware itself especially if you factor in the sentimental value of years of collected e mail and photos.
4			electronics	security	computer	technology	storage	nfc	card	networking	memory	computing			firm develops all purpose memory cards a leading japanese electronics company is developing memory cards that can be used to make cashless payments, open locks and read identification with a simple flick.
2			baseball	nbc	espn	basketball	sport	football	scheduling	competition			big one early in the big east it may be early in the big east conference race, but the winner of thursday night 's syracuse west virginia game 7:30 pm et, espn will be the favorite and control its own destiny in terms
4			computer	pc	business	microsoft	technology	apple	ibm	email	industry			ibm reported to put its pc business up for sale ibm is reportedly in talks to sell its personal computer business in a deal that could be worth up to $ 2 billion and would cap a gradual withdrawal from the business it helped to pioneer in 1981.
1			election	politics	australia	democracy	race	polling	immigration	candidate	canada			prime minister howard re elected in australia australian prime minister john howard managed to secure another term as leader after election results released saturday handily declared him the winner.
1			politics	america	election	history	democracy	gore	kerry	american	money	politician			web sites spoof bush and kerry with parodies if you're not ready to feverishly debate iraq or the deficit in this bitterly divisive election year, you can always surf the web, where politics is frequently nothing but a big joke. president bush and challenger john kerry are spoofed as utter fools on the internet daily, usually in good fun.
3			insurance	business	management	investing	bank	finance	banker	money	banking			banking on christopher banks? management keeps growing and buying back shares even as the retailer struggles.
2			baseball	history	sport	veteran	nfl	football	willie			nfl roundup for monday, oct. 25, 2004 neither 12 years in the league nor nine trips to the pro bowl could prepare willie roaf for what he did, saw and felt on this history making day.
3			revenue	ceo	trend	sale	technology	company	growth	finance	strategy			siebel introduces chapter 2 siebel unveiled chapter 2 of its crm strategy this week in an effort to revitalise its sagging fortunes. siebel has seen declining revenue and fierce competition from high end rivals such as sap, as well as from smaller companies such as salesforce.
4			electricity	technology	power	performance	energy	hp	ibm	intel			ibm launches power chip alliance ibm has launched an alliance with 14 other companies to make big blue 's power processor more adaptable and widely used. the partnership, called power.
4			business	china	europe	technology	microsoft	innovation	patent	research	industry			microsoft taps european expertise in research european researchers lead the field in a number of key areas for the future development of computer science and play a crucial role in microsoft corp.'s research activities, according to senior company staff speaking at an innovation fair here on thursday.
2			coaching	baseball	espn	basketball	athletics	sport	football	ncaa	money			ncaa heads back to osu, geiger eager to clear school west lafayette, ind. ohio state has invited the ncaa to campus monday to investigate allegations of improper benefits from maurice clarett and other former players aired via espn, its magazine and web site.
3			income	statistics	revenue	ceo	tax	company	growth	profit	money	earnings			mcdonald's profits in line with estimates mcdonald's corp. on tuesday reported quarterly earnings that were in line with a higher than expected forecast the company gave last week, helped by strong sales in the united states and a tax benefit.
4			privacy	technology	child	tech	kid	innovation	education			a caution on kids, technology today's young people do not need the technology education they are receiving to be successful in the 21st century, and there are growing indications that the high tech lifestyle promoted by government and business may be harmful to them, a new report scheduled for release today concludes.
2			doping	olympic	olympics	athletics	sport	greece	athlete	swimming	cycling			olympics: greece gets instant new 'immortal' greece, shamed and angered by olympic doping scandals, hailed an instant new heroine monday when athanasia tsoumeleka won the women's 20 km walk to give the olympic hosts their first athletics gold medal.
4			nano	biotechnology	technology	company	innovation	patent	research	industry			nanosys yanks ipo volatile capital markets cited as nanotech firm losing money and with no products yet withdraws initial public stock offering.
4			electronics	computer	television	privacy	technology	tech	innovation	tv			driving hard into the future of tv there is never a right time to buy technology. something cheaper, faster and better specified will be on the market before you have even got your product out of its box.
2			boxing	baseball	sport	race	football			clark: weekend fights prove need for division of sports fans ... for some reason, noon just comes way too early, and making it to campus is a struggle. i thought one of my professors was going to be a stickler about it and dock me some points, but i had a talk with him to calm him down.
4			mobile	music	technology	nokia	innovation	content			first look: nokia preminet the next generation in content ... entering a market where there are already several well established players nokias preminet open service model solution is being heralded as the next generation of content delivery systems for wireless devices.
4			computer	networking	software	technology	hp	ibm	ai	email	linux			dell shows new small business servers systems, which start as low as $ 500, don't require advanced it skills.
4			ibm	acquisition	technology	storage	archive	networking	patent	security	industry			stk grabs storage management vendor tape storage king storagetek puts new pressure on the storage management market with an acquisition. by martin j. garvey. storage technology corp.
4			battery	price	storage	technology	pricing	linux			palm tungsten t5 features 256 mb of memory palmone 's new tungsten t5 ships with 256 mb of flash memory, which is retained even if the device loses its battery charge. palmone says the new pda, which sells for a suggested list price of
4			electronics	battery	dell	computer	technology	power	networking	reliability	security	linux			dell to recall 990,000 laptop adapters has recalled the power adapters due to a risk of overheating, which could lead to a fire or electrical shock. washington: dell inc.
4			electronics	computer	mouse	privacy	technology	ios			iogear launches bluetooth mini mouse iogear today announced a rechargeable mini mouse with bluetooth interface. the mouse can be opoerated up to 66 feet away from the computer, making it a practical tool fro presentations, the company said.
4			network	connectivity	ethernet	wireless	technology	networking	patent	intel	linux			intel and linksys deliver simpler wi fi software intel corp. and linksys, a division of cisco systems inc., yesterday announced the delivery of software that the companies hope will simplify the deployment of wi fi networks for residential and small business users.
3			statistics	business	trend	technology	company	cisco	industry			cisco stock falls on tech spending concerns shares of technology bellwether cisco systems inc. csco.o: quote, profile, research fell more than 6 percent on wednesday, as the company 's disappointing revenue outlook
2			coaching	baseball	clemson	espn	basketball	volleyball	sport	acc	football			no. 10 virginia tech 16, no. 9 miami 10 miami virginia tech can now proclaim itself the atlantic coast conference 's best team and no one can argue. the 10th ranked hokies capped their inaugural acc season with the league 's outright championship.
3			sale	technology	company	growth	profit	advertising	patent	google			google profit rises as sales double web search leader google inc. , in its first earnings report as a publicly held company, on thursday posted quarterly net income and revenue that more than doubled on strong web search advertising.
4			computer	hardware	intel	technology	power	networking	silicon	linux			amd to demo 8 socket dual core opteron box amd will make the first public demonstration of a system build out of its dual core processors today, the result of a strategy first made public almost a year ago.
4			cyber	hacking	privacy	technology	microsoft	information	email	security			users hamper information security employees still pose the biggest corporate security threat, while it systems are the main corporate security focus, reports audit and business advisory firm ernst young in its latest global information security survey.
4			computer	hacking	digital	technology	internet	tech	education	computing			san francisco aims to bridge digital divide san francisco bridging the digital divide that separates the technology literate from people who don 't have access to computers is high on san francisco mayor gavin newsom 's list of priorities.
2			australia	doping	basketball	athletics	sport	football	athlete	tennis	gymnastics			athletics: suspended judge lives near hamm the colombian judge suspended for giving south korea 's yang tae young an incorrect score in the olympic men 's all round event lives in gold medallist paul hamm 's home state, international gymnast magazine reported on sunday.
4			network	connectivity	ethernet	technology	cisco	networking	patent	availability	switch			cisco names crs 1 users cisco systems, inc. nasdaq:csco news , today announced that several global carriers and research networks are now deploying and trialing the cisco crs 1 carrier routing system as a key
1			politics	election	diplomacy	war	democracy	negotiation	reconciliation	peace	africa			mbeki: ivory coast parties agree to push for peace south african president thabo mbeki said monday he had reached agreement with all sides in ivory coast 's conflict on measures which should speed up implementation of a french brokered peace accord.
3			business	ceo	sale	management	marketing	retail	strategy	money	security			vice chairman quits wal mart thomas coughlin, who joined wal mart stores as head of security and rose to vice chairman, will give up the post early next year after 25 years of service that helped the company become the world's biggest retailer.
2			coaching	baseball	florida	atlanta	espn	sport	football	coach	georgia			gators accept peach bowl invite florida has officially found its bowl. now, it just needs to find its coach. the gators accepted an invitation to play either virginia tech or miami in atlanta 's peach bowl on dec. 31.
4			virus	computer	hacking	hardware	privacy	technology	encryption	security	linux			ibm fits pcs with new hardware based security chip ibm has begun using new security hardware from national semiconductor in its desktop pcs in an effort to fend off viruses and hackers.
4			investing	technology	economics	growth	finance	innovation	money			venture capitalists curb investment in third quarter venture capitalists curtailed their investments in the third quarter, suggesting the financiers who bankrolled the dot com boom are taking a more sober approach to the revived interest in high tech startups.
2			baseball	sport	redskins	nfl	race	football	veteran	money			old school coaches hope to revive the new york giants and ... redskins decided to rebuild their once proud nfc east teams, they went to the recycling bin. the redskins brought back joe gibbs, the man who led them to three super bowls before leaving to make a dent in nascar.
2			coaching	massachusetts	history	basketball	sport	recruiting	football			gloucester slows down winthrop a sense of history is valuable, even in a football game. gloucester has watched winthrop's anthony fucillo walk all over the northeastern conference this season. through eight games, fucillo had thrown 11 touchdown passes and scored 87 points.
2			coaching	job	baseball	work	sport	football	money			he 's nd 's darling now, but jobs at football factories are risky maybe i m out of the loop, but i don 't remember when it was normal for a football coach to work for two teams at the same time.
4			pc	computer	linux	hardware	microsoft	technology	ibm	pcs	windows			businesses keep q3 pc growth on track pc shipments have started to ease off, as expected, but the worldwide pc market remained fairly strong in the third quarter, according to research from idc and gartner.
4			trend	investing	technology	company	tech	stock	finance	money			stocks step back stocks edged lower early friday with some lingering weakness in the tech sector, weakness in the dollar and higher oil prices in the background.. the tech heavy nasdaq composite up
1			politics	election	controversy	war	clinton	bush	terrorism	money			gop gets house to nix draft bill 402 2 house republicans sought to quash a persistent internet rumor that president bush wants to reinstate the draft if he is re elected, engineering an overwhelming vote tuesday killing legislation that would do just that. republicans accused democrats of feeding the rumor mill to scare young voters and their parents into voting against bush...
2			coaching	baseball	statistics	cowboy	espn	sport	recruiting	football	texas	quarterback			no. 24 texas el paso clinches bowl berth jordan palmer threw for 339 yards and five touchdowns and no. 24 texas el paso beat smu 57 27 saturday night to clinch a bowl berth in coach mike price's first season running the formerly downtrodden program.
4			product	application	management	technology	automation	change	hr	productivity	industry			peoplesoft updates hr suite peoplesoft nasdaq: psft has announced a suite wide upgrade of its human resources management applications, the first such revision in two years. the new release, version 8.9, includes over 250 individual changes and improvements, according to the company.
4			cluster	computer	technology	power	energy	networking	ibm	computing	linux			cluster workstations bring supercomputing to power users desks santa clara, california start up orion multisystems is trying to take the benefits of supercomputers and put them into a workstation for power users.
2			montreal	boxing	olympics	judo	sport	football	athlete	canada			canadian flagbearer gill bids hasty exit from olympic judoka event athens cp montreal's nicolas gill will now play the role of spectator at the summer games.
3			organization	business	technology	marketing	company	analytics	industry			urchin releases asp version of web analytics software urchin releases asp version of web analytics software urchin software corporation today released urchin 6 on demand, an asp version of its popular web analytics and marketing intelligence software. the urchin 6 asp service provides an integrated approach to attracting quality traffic, increasing sales and conversions and retaining customers. organizations wishing ...
2			politics	baseball	olympic	olympics	sport	race	football	gambling	competition	money			new york bid for olympic gold tarnished by battle of the titans new yorks rush to build an olympic stadium has provoked a clash between the citys billionaire mayor and a multimillionaire cable television tycoon that has thrown the big apples bid for the 2012 games into jeopardy.
2			mlb	baseball	radio	nascar	television	espn	athletics	sport	football	broadcasting			xm, baseball in $ 650m, 11 year deal xm satellite radio will carry major league baseball games under a $ 650 million, 11 year deal announced wednesday, the latest move in a costly race with rival sirius satellite radio to sign personalities and sports leagues as a way of winning customers.
2			massachusetts	baseball	hockey	team	basketball	sport	boston	football			boston 's dominant play has curse on life support they are suffering inexplicable breakdowns, and unaccountable disasters. this used to be the boston red sox in october. now it is the teams they are playing.
4			electronics	taiwan	manufacturing	china	technology	semiconductor	patent	silicon	industry			china's first 300mm chip plant starts production semiconductor manufacturing international corp. smic , china's largest chip maker and also one of the world's biggest contract chip makers, saturday formally began commercial production at a 300 millimeter semiconductor fabrication plant fab in beijing called fab 4, the first such facility to open in china.
4			cable	network	technology	broadband	internet	telecommunication	networking			verizon launching upgrade of broadband net service verizon communications is boosting its broadband internet offerings in an effort to lure customers from cable tv companies like comcast corp.
4			windows	hardware	software	technology	microsoft	change	security	linux			microsoft overhauls longhorn plans just in in order to get the next update of its operating system out on time, microsoft will delay some planned feature improvements, sources close to the company said friday.
2			boxing	baseball	soccer	basketball	sport	golf	football	italy	tennis			berlusconi knocked out by left in tackle by blair prime minister tony blair kicked his italian host silvio berlusconi so hard on the left knee during a game of soccer earlier this month that the italian premier had to have the injury scanned at a hospital near his vacation villa in sardinia.
4			hacking	nothing	privacy	technology	networking	security			the end user: bluetooth now lives up to hype paris when i first heard the word bluetooth in 1998, the page one editor of this newspaper asked for my studied opinion as to whether it was a big deal.
2			statistics	fan	soccer	sport	football	brazil	jose			mourinho to face fan fury jose mourinho will relish the hostile reception he will receive from the fans who used to adore him when he takes his place in the dug out at the estadio do dragao.
4			application	app	java	ios	technology	apps	email	windows			oracle micro sizes app prices for small businesses it 's pushing its application server standard edition one, a full sized version of the standard edition app server, but priced at $ 4,995.
1			politics	election	democrat	donation	finance	donor	republican	money	lobbying			a texan's race could lead to the f.c.c. a republican running for congress has received heavy donations from industry because of expectations over posts she may receive if she loses and president bush wins.
4			device	manufacturing	technology	storage	semiconductor	performance	networking	patent	silicon	linux			silicon image unveils low cost storage appliance semiconductor company silicon image wednesday announced its steelvine storage architecture and appliance for the personal video recorder market and small to midsized businesses.
4			science	computer	grid	linux	collaboration	technology	research	computing	compute			world 's largest computing grid goes live the world 's largest permanent computing grid has gone online, giving scientists access to the processing power of 6,000 computers at 78 locations, including 1,000 at 12 sites across the uk.
3			america	drug	business	technology	greed	profit	corporation	money			things don 't go better as coke 's profit warning weighs dow a profit warning from coca cola put the skids under us equities yesterday and a goldman sachs survey showing softening corporate spending on technology added to the gloomy mood.
3			expansion	business	manufacturing	trend	technology	economics	growth	innovation	money	industry			manufacturing growth slows closely watched ism index for october comes in below september level but still shows expansion. follow the news that matters to you.
1			politics	election	animation	democracy	art	censorship	terrorism			point, click and mock on the wild, wild web a mutant form of political animation born of the marriage of video games and dada photomontage has been gaining ground on the internet since sept. 11, 2001.
3			business	entrepreneur	technology	marketing	company	innovation	money			macromedia and ebay make the web business prettier online marketplace ebay has helped create hundreds of thousands of small businesses by offering huge audiences, a trusted interface, easy payment options, and even benefits like health insurance.
1			election	america	politics	democrat	bush	washington	mccain	republican			bush vows to reach out to democrats president bush is striking twin themes for a second term, vowing to fight hard for his political agenda while reaching across the aisle to democrats.
1			politics	america	election	history	democracy	iraq	bush	terrorism			bush stands his ground, sets himself apart president bush 's speech before the un general assembly on tuesday was the verbal equivalent of a greatest hits album, repackaging and summarizing the key foreign
4			security	hacking	safety	privacy	technology	defense	vulnerability	strategy	surveillance			antispam campaign bites the dust while its neighbors, software infrastructure and hardware upgrades, switched places this month, security held its spot at number three.
4			windows	computer	graphic	technology	apple	productivity	computing	linux			apple intros new ibook notebook, g5 desktop just in time for holiday shopping, apple released on tuesday a new line of its entry level ibook notebook computers. the latest version of the ibook line packs more processing power than its predecessors and
1			politics	america	election	florida	race			fla. supreme court puts nader on ballot ralph nader is back on florida's ballot probably for good this time.
4			bt	technology	telecom	telecommunication	competition	money	phone			bt told to cut cost of lines to rivals telecoms watchdog ofcom yesterday tried to relax bt 's hold on the nation 's network of phone lines by ordering a reduction of more than 70 in the price the company can charge its rivals to use them.
4			computer	grid	network	technology	networking	ibm	silicon	computing	linux			it heavyweights line up on megagrid a list it suppliers oracle corp, emc corp, dell corp, and intel corp have banded together to forge an alliance to develop the grid computing systems of tomorrow.
3			pleasure	business	music	technology	entertainment	fun			digital ways to have fun including an hp branded version of apple 's ipod designed with an eye toward pleasure, not business. at an event in miami beach, the
4			ibm	computer	manufacturing	technology	performance	patent	silicon	computing	industry			amd and ibm work together to improve chip performance advanced micro devices amd and international business machines ibm have developed a new technology that they claim will deliver higher performance margins, from their latest microprocessors, with dual stress liner technology.
3			safety	chemicals	business	biotechnology	technology	stock	growth	drug	research	competition			kmg chemicals stock soars on 1q earnings kmg chemicals inc. ended the week on a strong note as its stock surged some 130 percent after the pesticide maker handed wall street fiscal first quarter profit that more than doubled from last year.
1			election	america	politics	voting	race	money			us running mates face off the us vice presidential candidates will debate on tuesday as the race for the white house remains close.
2			coaching	baseball	hockey	bc	basketball	sport	boston	football	canada			bc makes hc pay penalty it was a tough week for the boston college hockey team. an upset loss to harvard and a disappointing tie with providence put an end to bc's reign as the no. 1 ranked team in the country.
2			baseball	game	olympics	athletics	sport	football	athlete	competition	wrestling			underneath the competition, sportsmanship ethic prevails many athletes exude ideals of games, from embraces in the pool to a fencing timeout. by mark sappenfield staff writer of the christian science monitor.
4			network	connectivity	technology	broadband	internet	networking	link			linksys, vonage connect on voip vonage and linksys are teaming up to make voice over internet protocol service available through wi fi equipment made by linksys. vonage will announce the linksys partnership tuesday.
1			politics	election	mccain	race			mccain not ruling out run for president sen. john mccain, r ariz., said sunday he is not ruling out a run for the 2008 presidential nomination, but that he is not a candidate now.
3			inflation	investor	investing	market	stock	growth	profit	money	earnings			corrected: stocks rise before earnings blitz us stocks advanced on monday as investors showed optimism that corporate earnings reports may come in better than expected, but crude oil prices at a fresh record near $ 54 a barrel curbed gains.
2			doping	olympic	olympics	athletics	sport	football	greece	athlete	swimming			clearing the hurdle of doping scandals evita agiasoteli has been counting greece's olympic medals. each one comes with a celebration from the boy next door, who likes to run through their neighborhood in the northern athenian suburb of nea ionia yelling hellas! with each gold. other neighbors often leave their evening yogurts unfinished so they can join the boy's victory cheer.
4			computer	linux	hardware	unix	software	microsoft	technology	consumer	windows			novell spiffs up its desktop linux software software maker has its eye on consumers who might be ready to make the switch from windows.
4			computer	pc	privacy	technology	power	innovation	pcs	computing	linux			start up offers low power 'personal supercomputers' lower electrical power consumption, not just greater data processing oomph, will help a new class of desktop supercomputers unveiled on monday turn conventional industry logic on its head, its designers say.
1			politics	election	revolution	democracy	voting	corruption	russia	terrorism			chechens look to election with fear and resignation the date of chechnya's elections has assumed a local significance the kremlin would no doubt prefer to avoid: a masquerade of democracy, and a dangerous one.
2			politics	history	rugby	sport	football	brazil	cricket			lomu looks to the future jonah lomu has not targeted next year 's sevens world cup in hong kong for his comeback but admitted he still harbours dreams of playing for his country again.
3			tobacco	television	business	ceo	company	cigarette			altria ceo says may split company the chief executive officer of altria group inc. mo.n: quote, profile, research on thursday said the maker of marlboro cigarettes and parent of kraft foods inc.
4			job	city	california	technology	unemployment	tech	innovation	employment	industry			go west, tech job hunter california was home to more than a quarter of new tech jobs posted in september, a recent study indicates.
2			boxing	doping	olympics	athletics	sport	athlete	iaaf	drug	cycling			doping casts shadow over olympics again five weightlifters were banned from the olympics after failing drugs tests, officials said on thursday, as doping scandals continued to dominate the first week of the games.
4			computer	business	technology	emerson	research	money			emerson pushes boundaries of it you usually don 't hear executives at oracle talk about taking outside advice. but the hard charging company has solicited some feedback on a new round of products from an unlikely source emerson
4			linux	collaboration	software	technology	enterprise	innovation	industry			enterprises warm up to open source enterprises are opening up to open source alternatives to commercial software, panelists said at the sdforum conference open source entering the mainstream, held in santa clara, calif., last week.
4			mobile	electronics	technology	nokia	wireless	intel	phone	linux			at wireless show, wimax gets a nod from intel chipmaker teams up with cell phone pioneer craig mccaw. also, palmone's latest treo, and tv for the mobile set.
4			computer	network	ethernet	technology	internet	ip	networking	intel	linux			idf intel seeks role in development of the next internet to handle the demands of the next generation internet, a new layer of intelligent nodes and services needs to grow over the existing internet structure, said intel corp.
1			politics	election	e	germany	party	media			e. german voters turning to fringe groups parties on the fringes of germany's political spectrum have been given an eager reception in the depressed east ahead of state elections this weekend, luring voters with a mix of xenophobic standards and new complaints over plans to reduce much needed benefits.
2			sox	baseball	sport	football			press row: ugly sox burying curse com. it sure looked that way over the weekend at fenway park, where the red sox played with hands of stone in the field and stranded enough runners to fill the boston marathon.
2			baseball	basketball	sex	sport	football	softball	money			what's that? baseball's back? i hadn't paid much attention to baseball lately what with the scintillating presidential campaign, the scintillating fall television season and britney spears's scintillating, latest marriage so imagine my surprise when i woke up the other afternoon to the latest developments:
4			computer	manufacturing	technology	semiconductor	aging	innovation	patent	silicon	intel	industry			intel keeps moore 's law on track contradicting fears that the semiconductor industry 's pace of development is slowing, intel corporation has announced it has achieved a milestone in shrinking the size of transistors that will power its next generation chips.
4			computer	computing	linux	java	hardware	microsoft	networking	security	windows			vmware previews virtual server hoping to keep the heat on archrival microsoft, vmware on wednesday will give developers a glimpse of an early version of its virtual smp product that allows a single virtual machine to work with as many as four processors, which in turn can more effectively drive mission critical applications.
4			mobile	wireless	technology	smartphone	nokia	telecommunication	ios	phone			nokia and land rover offfer advanced handsfree solution nokia and land rover have jointly developed a personal telephone integration pti system, an integrated automotive communications solution for land rover vehicles such as the new discovery 3 and range rover.
2			baseball	pittsburgh	statistics	steelers	espn	sport	nfl	football	playoff	stats			game of the day; by the numbers after ending new england 's 21 game winning streak last week, the steelers have a shot at beating the league 's last undefeated team this season.
1			election	politics	campaign	democrat	wyoming	race	candidate	republican			gop rep. cubin wins wyoming primary u.s. rep. barbara cubin fended off four republican challengers in tuesday's primary election, securing a shot at a sixth term in this fall's general election.
1			election	britain	politics	war	democracy	iraq	conflict	afghanistan	terrorism			britain's combative blair refuses to apologise for iraq conflict a combative prime minister tony blair refused to apologise for taking britain into the iraq war, as he rallied his governing labour party to unite and win a third straight term in a general election likely to take place in 2005.
2			sport	race	rowing	swimming	horse	speed	men	racing			testosterone oozed from the screen forget those chariots, this was rowing boats of fire. the heart stopping, edge of the seat, photo finish victory for the men 's coxless four was without a doubt one of the great british sporting moments.
4			secure	safety	privacy	technology	protection	vulnerability	strategy	risk	security			trusecure, betrusted formalize merger plans com september 21, 2004, 8:12 am pt. most it managers won 't question the importance of security, but this priority has been sliding between the third and fourth most important focus for companies.
1			politics	inflation	government	democracy	political	corruption	greed	discontent	religion	money			popular discontent stirs political awakening in hong kong it 's often been said that hong kong people are interested in money, not politics, but upcoming legislative elections may bury that notion for good as angry residents turn out to send their leaders a message.
4			symbol	network	mobility	technology	telecommunication	networking	patent			symbol joins wimax wireless broadband group symbol technologies follows cisco, which also recently joined the wimax forum.
3			share	investor	investment	speculation	investing	shareholder	finance	money	banking			interview: ba hires citigroup for qantas share sale sydney dow jones british airways plc bab wednesday confirmed that investment bank citigroup inc. c will handle the sale of its 18.
3			business	pipeline	entrepreneur	technology	startup	blog	linux			dell launches help desk service for smaller businesses pc workspace services initially will serve businesses with 500 or more employees and eventually will work with smaller companies. by kevin ferguson, smallbiz pipeline.
4			safety	mobility	privacy	technology	car	walking	surveillance			high tech eye to help blind cross streets equipped with a tiny camera, a high tech device that recognizes the white stripes of a pedestrian crosswalk and reads traffic lights could tell a blind person when it's safe to cross the street, researchers say.
3			revenue	sale	loss	profit	growth	finance	money	industry			amd posts profit over loss in q3 reported profit of $ 44 million for third quarter over a loss of $ 31 million a year ago and predicts 10 increase in sales for the 4th quarter.
4			ethernet	privacy	microsoft	technology	internet	encryption	networking	ibm	security			ibm jumps into liberty alliance big blue's deal with mobile provider orange prompts it to join the internet security consortium and take a seat on its board.
2			coaching	baseball	family	retirement	sport	football	coach			car accident can't keep coach away randy hien has spent more than two decades managing little league baseball, and he wasn't going to miss the lincoln r.i. all stars team's trip to the little league world series, even though a recent car accident nearly killed him.
4			detail	collaboration	technology	nokia	licensing	innovation	patent			nokia, vodafone partner on mobile service architecture nokia and vodafone, in conjunction with sun microsystems, would define the licensing framework of the initiative, while the role of creating and licensing the technology compatibility
4			windows	hardware	software	server	microsoft	performance	strategy	security	linux			windows server roadmap gets down to specifics during a series of recent media briefings, microsoft began to give out nitty gritty details about specific timetables for the betas, sdks and release candidates that will lead to the next round of windows server operating systems.
4			computer	space	technology	car	math	machine	ibm	speed	computing			ibm 's bluegene now world 's fastest computer 36.01 teraflops. yeah, that ll just about do it. what it is, i don 't know, but i m sure the well dressed geeks at ibm are blue with pride after their bluegene l computer surpassed the speed of nec 's earth simulator.
4			computer	manufacturing	chip	intel	technology	apple	semiconductor	silicon	linux			intel to make chips with 65nm process technology intel, world 's largest chip maker, faced product delays and recalls throughout this year, but it seems that intel has gotten their act together to produce 65nm chips in the near future.
4			electricity	mobility	connectivity	technology	broadband	internet	telecommunication	speed			broadband hits new high in the uk more than five million people in the uk now have high speed net connections, say broadband analysts.
4			ibm	computer	linux	technology	machine	nasa	ai	computing	industry			big blue reveals fastest supercomputer alive in a historic development in the computing world, ibm has succeeded in re writing the rulebook for ultra powerful computing by developing the worlds most powerful supercomputer blue gene l supercomputer, surpassing necs earth simulator in japan.
4			network	telecom	technology	coverage	broadband	communication	wireless	telecommunication	spectrum	carrier			verizon and cingular gobble up spectrum; stay ahead of pack verizon wireless has agreed to buy nextwave telecom's spectrum licenses in 23 markets for 3 billion in cash as the nation's two regional bell owned wireless firms verizon and cingular gobble up the airwaves.
4			mobile	mobility	wireless	technology	broadband	telecommunication	carrier	competition	sprint			verizon 's sprint bid faces hurdles if the deal were completed, it would vault verizon wireless currently the no. 2 wireless company in the us into the top position with more than 65 million customers.
4			computer	privacy	technology	storage	content	money	email	security			free e mail inboxes get fatter users of microsoft 's hotmail, most of whom are accustomed to getting regular sales pitches for premium e mail accounts, got a pleasant surprise in their inboxes this week: extra storage for free.
3			company	stock	loss	growth	profit	competition	money	earnings	capital			morgan stanley, bear stearns profits stumble morgan stanley and bear stearns companies posted a drop in quarterly profits on wednesday, surprising some investors one day after two
1			politics	election	democracy	anarchy	censorship	freedom	cancer	journalism			editorial pages fight 'astroturf' with listserv new york for years, editorial page editors at newspapers across the country have battled astroturf form letters to the editor generated on political web sites and by other means, then passed off as original submissions. the astroturf moniker came because the letters are considered fake grassroots initiatives. but the national conference of editorial writers ncew is taking the issue seriously.
4			electronics	manufacturing	chip	storage	technology	innovation	networking	memory	silicon			samsung demos future memory chips it's getting harder to shrink chips, but samsung has prototypes that show that the relentless pace of the industry continues.
2			coaching	indiana	injury	baseball	basketball	sport	coach	nba	indianapolis			pacers season tossed into doubt after receiving some of the harshest penalties in nba history for one of the worst brawls in u.s. sports history, the indiana pacers' deep and talented roster has been reduced from a title contender to rubble.
3			trend	price	sale	marketing	profit	competition	money			dean foods third quarter profit falls dean foods co. inc. df.n: quote, profile, research on wednesday posted a 67 percent drop in third quarter profit as volatile milk and butter prices and diminished consumer appetite for
4			business	network	technology	company	ip	hp	patent			hp to buy synstar hewlett packard will pay $ 297 million for the british company. also: tivo goes all out to attract customers hellip;. sprint offers service guarantees for business wireless subscribers hellip;. and more.
4			spec	specification	detail	ethernet	ieee	standard	technology	patent			hypertransport consortium announces htx spec hypertransport technology consortium announced today that is has approved htx, the industry 's first hypertransport technology expansion connector specification.
4			ibm	computer	technology	patent	innovation	nasa	computing	industry			ibm is back on top with blue gene supercomputer this recent milestone shows the current state of an ongoing, multi year project that has been and continues to be a series of opportunities and challenges.
4			computer	graphic	mobility	technology	performance	speed	linux			nvidia announces geforce 6600 gt for the agp bus nvidia today has announced an agp version of its geforce 6600 gt, its competitively priced, high performance solution aimed at gamers.
4			battery	electronics	computer	electricity	biotechnology	technology	energy	robot			ecobot eats dead flies for fuel researchers are working on autonomous robots that eat to produce energy. the problem right now is that batteries are much better. by lakshmi sandhana.
4			network	ethernet	telecom	technology	telecommunication	networking	carrier	bt			nortel wins $ 5m virtual call center contract with bt a new system from nortel will replace british telecom 's existing distributed infrastructure based on nortel meridian private branch exchange products.
4			electronics	battery	computer	privacy	technology	robot	money	phone			now, a cellphone that can advice you! two massachusetts institute of technology scientists are developing a cellphone that is so smart it can tell what you think and even predict your next move.
2			coaching	baseball	doping	basketball	suspension	sport	football	detroit	nba			nba suspends four players after brawl with detroit fans the national basketball association suspended indiana's ron artest and three others following an ugly skirmish where pacer players fought with detroit fans.
2			baseball	patriot	sport	boston	nfl	football	veteran	win			patriots' timing is perfect as the newspaper of record, we must inform our readers that yesterday's 13 7 patriots victory over the new york jets broke the nfl record for consecutive regular season victories. the team has 18, 21 overall.
4			product	electronics	arm	manufacturing	technology	semiconductor	patent	silicon	industry			arm shares tumble on deal for chip firm london arm holdings, a british semiconductor designer, said on monday that it would buy artisan components for $ 913 million to broaden its product range.
1			politics	discrimination	election	democracy	aids	religion	racism			gay rights activists reassess strategies the ritual was replayed from boston to san francisco: exuberant gay couples sharing marriage vows and slices of wedding cake. gays thought barriers were finally crumbling. then came the elections.
4			mobile	mobility	technology	smartphone	nokia	wireless	networking	phone			product review: ipaq 6315 smartphone the ipaq h6315 from hewlett packard is the first all in one wireless device to combine gprs wireless data, wi fi 802.11b and bluetooth functionality in a single package.
4			electronics	computer	technology	et	communication	telecommunication	astronomy			et should have written home instead... so instead of phoning home, it could have been more energy efficient if et had inscribed information and physically sent it, because radio waves disperse as they travel.
3			ms	business	sale	marketing	france	profit	advertising			frances blows down federated sales, profits hurricane frances will hurt sales and profits at federated department stores inc., the retailer said tuesday. the lazarus macy 's parent estimates it will lose $ 20 million in sales, while
4			computer	technology	marketing	evolution	silicon	linux			a more conservative intel doesn 't add many details on ... burned by a series of production missteps and canceled products, the company lets amd get out in front on multicore product announcements.
4			ibm	computer	intel	technology	apple	hp	patent	silicon	computing	linux			hp dropping workstations with intel chip hewlett packard co. will no longer sell computer workstations using the intel itanium chip, which the two giant tech companies worked together to design.
4			electronics	software	music	technology	sound	audio	sony			enter your e mail: it 's about time. as we speculated a few months ago, sony has announced plans for a hard drive based digital audio player that will support the mp3 compression format.
1			politics	corruption	scandal	fraud	money			convictions in enron scandal the polls are closed and results are starting to come in finally. at times it seems as if the enron scandal has been with us forever, lingering just
4			politics	computer	privacy	technology	tech	strategy	innovation	networking	terrorism	security			tech giants declare, 'united we stand' tough times often make for strange bedfellows, and the explosion of viruses, computer worms and spyware programs on the internet is producing unique alliances among top technology firms.
4			computer	ethernet	privacy	technology	wireless	networking	intel	security	linux			intel drops plans for wi fi access point in grantsdale intel corp. no longer plans to turn its latest batch of chipsets into wireless access points, citing a lack of interest from pc vendors and the proliferation of standalone access points, a company spokesman said friday.
1			politics	election	government	democracy	tax	finance	fraud	washington	corporation	money			report: 'huge fortune' spent on media influence unions and big communications companies spent more than 1.1 billion in their efforts to elect lawmakers and influence the government over the past half decade, according to a report released wednesday.
4			mobility	connectivity	trend	technology	apple	hp	innovation	linux			new toshiba notebooks highlight long running trend toshiba corp. 's new desktop replacement multimedia notebooks, introduced on tuesday, are further evidence that us consumers still have yet to embrace the mobility offered by intel corp.
1			politics	business	democracy	murder	money	politician			double act can bring old firm fans back tommy burns appointment as walter smith 's assistant had nothing to do with politics and everything to do with him being the right man.
4			competitor	technology	smartphone	nokia	strategy	innovation	competition	security	industry			new smartphone triumvirate intel, nokia, and symbian's alliance should shake competitors' confidence.
4			wired	network	privacy	technology	broadband	internet	wireless	telecommunication	networking			wireless technology to rival cable, dsl intel an emerging wireless communications technology called wimax, which can blanket entire cities with high speed internet connections, will rival dsl and cable as the preferred way to connect homes and businesses to the internet, intel corp. said on tuesday.
1			election	politics	campaign	protest	voting	demonstration			n.c. elections board oks most results the state elections board certified nearly all results from the nov. 2 election on tuesday, but withheld approval of the outcome of two statewide races that are the subject of protests.
4			privacy	technology	smartphone	blackberry	ios			university to hand out blackberry devices the university of maryland business school plans to give blackberry wireless devices to all full time mba students this fall, an effort to make students technologically savvy and aware that a key to business is being able to access people and information at all times...
3			store	trend	price	sale	marketing	market	retailer	growth	retail	industry			wal mart sees sales up 2.4 wal mart stores, the worlds largest retailer and owner of asda supermarkets, said sales at stores open at least a year rose 2.4 per cent in september, slightly higher than its preliminary report but still towards the low end of its forecast range.
4			data	technology	economics	information	innovation	knowledge	patent	research	education			input predicts growth in knowledge management a new report predicts that the federal market for knowledge management solutions will grow by almost one third in the next five years to more than $ 1.
4			computer	linux	software	unix	system	availability	reliability	computing	windows			strong growth for linux servers end user adoption of linux servers for enterprise workloads hosting isv applications and databases is ramping up rapidly, with newly published data indicating that uptake of the operating system has doubled over the past year.
2			boot	shoe	sport	money			'boots' takes gold at the ferret olympics while world class athletes were grunting and groaning on the other side of the atlantic sunday, boots went for the gold here in his own way...
4			network	connectivity	solution	telecommunication	networking	logistics			linking remote sme workers to their office networks kuala lumpur: juniper networks inc has introduced solutions that it claimed would provide small and medium enterprises smes with a secure, cost effective and easy to deploy method for remote employees to access corporate networks.
2			statistics	soccer	juventus	sport	athletics	football	brazil	tennis			brazilian ace dies brazilian defender serginho today died in hospital after collapsing during a match between his team sao caetano and sao paulo. serginho fell to the ground in the 60th minute with the ball at the other end of the pitch.
2			coaching	boxing	history	statistics	giant	baseball	basketball	sport	veteran	football			last year is last year, or so the giants hope last year's giants were 4 4 after eight games, then went on an eight game losing streak, collapsing in a heap of injuries and lost confidence.
4			windows	computer	desktop	software	privacy	technology	security	linux			imac g5: most elegant desktop ever i am writing these words on the most elegant desktop computer i ve ever used, writes walt mossberg about the imac g5 in the wall street journal, a computer that is not only uncommonly beautiful but fast and powerful, virus free and surprisingly affordable. this machine takes up no more space on a desk than a flat panel monitor. in fact, the entire computer is contained behind a flat panel screen in a space just 2 inches thick thinner than most flat panel monitors alone. sep 23
2			baseball	arm	sport	football			vikes qb beats no with arm, quickest of feet put it down as an old ... as you watched culpepper, the quarterback of the minnesota vikings, move about the superdome on sunday night, you realized you were witnessing a bazooka of a arm.
4			processor	battery	mobility	chip	hardware	performance	cost	intel			faster chip plugged into midrange ultrasparc upcoming niagara will appear in the 1.6ghz ultrasparc iiii.
4			hacking	business	threat	entrepreneur	technology	stalking			citing threats, entrepreneur wants to quit caller id venture after receiving harassing messages and even a death threat, the founder of a service that fools caller id systems has decided to sell the business.
2			baseball	nascar	espn	soccer	sport	nfl	football	gambling	money			the review it 's easy to spot espn nfl 2k5 on the shelf: it 's the one that 's $ 20, making it the least expensive sports video game available for playstation2 and xbox.
4			battery	biotechnology	car	technology	hydrogen	energy	fuel			hitachi, toshiba unveil fuel cells hitachi ltd. and toshiba corp. unveiled this week new fuel cell prototypes for a range of applications that could be commercialized as early as next year.
3			statistics	revenue	business	company	oracle	performance	ibm	research	industry			oracle's earnings top expectations business software maker oracle corp.'s quarterly earnings exceeded analyst expectations, despite sluggish sales in a product line that the company hopes to bolster by completing a long sought takeover of rival peoplesoft inc. the redwood shores based company said tuesday it earned $ 509 million, or 10 cents per share, during the three months ended in august, a 16 percent improvement from $ 440 million, or 8 cents per share, at the same time last year...
4			privacy	telecom	technology	broadband	internet	communication	telecommunication	patent	telephone			fcc chair to seek net telephone oversight fcc chairman michael powell said tuesday that he would seek broad regulatory authority for the federal government over internet based telephone services to avoid stifling the emerging market.
3			australia	acquisition	business	trade	sale	marketing	loss	finance	retail			update: australia 's foodland net up 19 on asset sales perth dow jones buoyed by one off gains from the sale of property assets and a new zealand department store business, australasian retailer foodland associated ltd.
2			team	statistics	basketball	sport	football	playoff			sunday, september 12, 2004 questions answered heading into the first game of a new season, every team has question marks. but in 2004, the denver broncos seemed to have more than normal.
2			athens	medal	game	olympics	sport	football	greece	athlete	cyprus			even greek grandmas root for the home team in 2000, greece brought home 13 medals. the greek olympic committee hopes to double that number.
4			computer	hacking	software	privacy	technology	vulnerability	encryption	networking	security			digital id: how are you managing? cyber threats, chiefly viruses like netsky and sasser, make security an ongoing concern as it holds steady over software infrastructure as the third top priority.
4			pc	computer	hacking	linux	technology	pcs	computing	physics			drive to be the coolest puts pcs on cutting edge kawika uechi of cambridge hacks computers, literally. his favorite tool is an electric rotary handsaw made by dremel, with a blade that slices neatly through the thin metal of a computer case. but when he was a student at the massachusetts institute of technology, uechi also used the school's water jet cutter, a supersonic water pistol that can rip through hardened ...
4			network	privacy	technology	encryption	vulnerability	networking	security	reliability			cisco joins wimax forum com september 15, 2004, 12:36 pm pt. most it managers won 't question the importance of security, but this priority has been sliding between the third and fourth most important focus for companies.
4			cooling	heat	technology	power	performance	temperature	networking	silicon	linux			alienware breaks performance barrier with 4ghz cpus excess heat generated by elevated processor performance is controlled by alienware 's exclusive ultra quiet liquid cooling technology, which cools components with specially formulated liquid and gold plated, pure copper coolers.
4			wired	network	technology	wireless	broadband	networking			mforma spins spidey a wireless web mforma has inked a multi year, multi level agreement with marvel enterprises to bring the likes of spider man, x men, blade, ghost rider and more to the world of wireless.
4			network	mobility	ethernet	broadband	wireless	technology	telecommunication	networking	patent			motorola acquiring wireless networking firm meshnetworks motorola inc. is acquiring meshnetworks inc., developer of a technology that makes it easy to set up and expand wireless networks, in a deal expected to help the world's no. 2 cell phone maker win more government business.
2			baseball	injury	basketball	sport	fatigue	football	health			colts thrive in grueling four game stretch indianapolis colts defensive tackle montae reagor could feel the weariness long before thursday's game at detroit. the constant hits, the barrage of meetings, the quick pivots from game plan to game plan had already worn down his body and mind. but reagor and his teammates never succumbed to the colts' most grueling test of the season playing four games in 18 days.
4			mobile	electronics	radio	music	technology	smartphone	tv	phone	media			a library and cinema in your pocket the increasing power of cellphones is fast shaping innovative forms of compact culture: micro lit, phone soap operas and made for mobile dramas.
4			network	mobility	technology	telecom	broadband	wireless	communication	telecommunication	spectrum	reach			verizon wireless, nextel reach accord verizon wireless has agreed to drop its opposition to the fcc 's decision to realign the 800 mhz spectrum band, including nextel 's receipt of 1.9 ghz spectrum, and nextel has agreed to relinquish
3			business	pricing	company	oracle	bankruptcy	competition	money	email	industry			oracle moves earnings forward to monday business software maker oracle corp. on friday said it will release its second quarter earnings before u.s. markets open on monday, instead of thursday, due to issues related to its takeover bid for peoplesoft inc. that may come up in court later on monday.
3			business	europe	investing	london	market	finance	competition	money	merger			lse still prey but deal seen likely a new ceo, chairman, head office and corporate structure much has changed at the london stock exchange since deutsche boerse last proposed marriage to europe 's biggest equity market four years ago.
3			computer	business	technology	litigation	bankruptcy	ibm	money	security	industry			ibm to sell computer unit, in talks with china 's lenovo new york, new york, united states of america international business machines ibm corp has put its computer business up for sale, the new york times said friday, quoting people close to negotiations.
2			baseball	soccer	athletics	sport	neighborhood	football	stadium	finance			dc city council weighs revised baseball plan washington, dc, city council committees will consider a revised stadium funding package on wednesday that includes a $ 450 million community investment fund financed with bonds, according to the mayor 's staff.
4			mobile	mobility	aviation	technology	smartphone	nokia	ios	phone			mobiles in aircraft edge closer the european plane maker airbus says it foresees the use of mobile phones on aircraft by 2006.
4			cable	network	europe	technology	france	telecom	communication	telecommunication	industry			alcatel wins $ 1.7 billion sbc contract sbc communications taps the french telecom equipment maker to upgrade its network with fiber optic technology.
1			election	politics	economics	finance	money	hungary	assassination			10:16 am: hungary 's designated prime minister must wait a month ... the millionaire businessman hungary 's socialists have chosen as this country 's next prime minister, will have to wait a month before he can be formally
3			business	privacy	internet	information	money			aol doesn't want your business the internet provider will cut broadband service to several southern states also: greek and british police catch a software pirater hellip;. aol to provide travel services to customers hellip;. and more.
1			politics	election	democracy	egypt	corruption	reform	privatization			ivorian pres. to allow reform debate ivorian president laurent gbagbo agreed saturday to let the national assembly consider a controversial presidential eligibility reform.
4			ibm	computer	intel	technology	hp	patent	silicon	computing	linux			hp shifting last of itanium engineers to intel hewlett packard co. and intel corp. are parting ways on the development of the itanium chip for server computers, ending a more than 10 year partnership on a project that has produced far less
2			baseball	basketball	sport	detroit	tiger	fox	talent			injuries prevent fox from continuing career rick fox made it official yesterday: he will not be coming through any door to have a second go round with the celtics. as shockers go, this one is slightly behind dewey defeats truman.
4			application	business	amazon	microsoft	technology	networking	ibm			q a: cordys president talks up web services justin anderson, president of cordys' americas group, sat down yesterday with computerworld at the gartner application integration and web services summit to talk about his company and its web services platform.
4			business	technology	smartphone	tech	hp	patent	industry			hp unveils low cost corporate copier with streamlined multifunction device, tech giant aims to gain ground in business copier market.
1			election	politics	government	war	democracy	iran	iraq	terrorism	torture			saddam hussein finally talks to his lawyer former dictator, who remains in an undisclosed detention center, was described as being in good spirits and health. rush to start trial splits cabinet.
4			network	connectivity	ethernet	data	storage	networking			netapp updates data ontap software network appliance inc. today brought out the latest version of its data ontap software, which it said creates a grid storage architecture on its appliances by creating an
3			revenue	recovery	market	growth	profit	loss	bankruptcy	competition	money			nortel reports loss in q3, sees pickup in q4 amid continuing problems with the release of its financial statements, nortel networks yesterday reported a loss for this year's third quarter but said it expects improvements in fourth quarter revenue.
4			technology	architecture	optimization	designing	design			how web design can affect search engine rankings how web design can affect search engine rankings uniquely built web sites can create unique issues when being promoted on the search engines. from a basic 3 page brochure site to a corporate site with hundreds of dynamically generated pages, every web site needs to have certain design aspects in order ...
4			network	ethernet	technology	internet	telecommunication	networking	ibm	security	linux			hitachi, nec launch networking equipment joint venture alaxala networks corp., the backbone network router and switch joint venture announced by hitachi ltd. and nec corp. earlier this year, began operations on friday, it said in a statement.
2			rap	basketball	something	sport			shaq settles some scores in new rap song the way nba star shaquille o'neal sees it, he's still the big cat, kobe bryant's not where it's at, and he's got the rap to back up the fact. and the miami heat center isn't crazy about the detroit pistons' ben wallace or rapper skillz either...
2			coaching	baseball	espn	basketball	sport	boston	golf	football	scheduling	competition			boston headed for continental tire bowl boston college missed out on a bowl championship series game thanks to a lopsided loss to syracuse, so it must settle for the continental tire bowl instead.
4			speculation	technology	company	internet	growth	google			google goes public, shares surge nearly 20 percent on first day in the most highly anticipated wall street debut since the heady days of the dot com boom, shares of google surged nearly 20 percent on their first day of public trading thursday as the quirky internet company completed its much hyped initial stock ...
3			product	store	trend	price	sale	marketing	retailer	retail			wal mart preliminary same store sales up wal mart stores inc. wmt.n: quote, profile, research on saturday said us sales at stores open at least a year rose 2.8 percent in october with help from sales of bedding and children 's clothing, according to its preliminary tally,.
3			income	statistics	revenue	sale	company	finance	analytics	competition	money			siebel sees revenue beating estimates business software maker siebel systems inc. sebl.o: quote, profile, research on monday said third quarter revenue would beat wall street estimates, sending its shares up 17 percent in pre market trade.
4			security	virus	computer	hacking	privacy	technology	terrorism	surveillance			mydoom spawns four small offshoots four minor copies of the program surface, which some security experts believe indicates that a more lethal mydoom may be on the way.
4			industry	dell	storage	technology	sun	silicon	linux			sun micro posts narrower quarterly loss network computer maker sun microsystems inc. sunw.o: quote, profile, research on thursday posted a narrower quarterly loss as revenue rose year over year for the
4			windows	computer	software	privacy	technology	microsoft	copyright	security	linux			microsoft makes a play for novell users this week, martin taylor, microsoft 's general manager for platform strategy, isn 't touting any new microsoft funded studies aimed to demonstrate that microsoft 's total cost of ownership numbers beat those of its linux competitors.
3			politics	success	survival	agriculture	business	marketing	strategy	competition			beyond the bag this summer, the grower owners of ocean spray voted to remain independent. now, the cooperative is pushing a plan of attack to survive against much bigger rivals.
4			network	detail	privacy	technology	telecom	telecommunication			update 4 nortel restatements now delayed to november nortel networks corp. quote, profile, research , one of the world 's biggest telecom equipment makers, again delayed the release of its long awaited restated
2			coaching	baseball	sport	player	football	money			perfection through a single season a tougher standard it doesn 't take a football genius to know that the new england patriots are an amazing team. the organization 's ability to plug in players and keep winning over the last three years is a model
4			cable	network	privacy	technology	bandwidth	broadband	internet	telecommunication	networking			high court petitioned on cable net access rule the bush administration has asked the supreme court to overturn a decision that requires cable companies to open their high speed internet networks to rival online providers.
1			politics	election	controversy	democracy	egypt	anwar	corruption	terrorism	malaysia	politician			anwar seeks court clearance a bid by malaysias former deputy leader anwar ibrahim to clear his criminal record and return to politics gained pace today as the nations highest court said it would rule next week on an appeal to overturn his corruption conviction.
4			electronics	computer	linux	technology	semiconductor	korea	patent	samsung	industry			samsung ships samples of world 's first 512mb gddr3 south korean semiconductor maker samsung electronics has begun shipping the world 's first 512 megabit mb gddr3 memory device, a graphics double data rate synchronous dram for graphics card makers and electronic game console manufacturers.
4			authentication	hacking	privacy	microsoft	encryption	technology	strategy	security			q a: red hat's ceo on his company's latest acquisition after his company announced plans to acquire security and authentication tools from netscape security solutions, red hat inc. ceo and chairman matthew szulik spoke to computerworld about the company's plans.
2			politics	baseball	game	olympics	espn	athletics	sport	football	athlete			red sox and patriots ceremoniously beaten boston sports fans have a track record. predictably, we watch the red sox, patriots, and big events. so it gets interesting when they go head to head, as they did friday night. a look at the ratings confirms that the olympics qualify as an extremely big event.
2			baseball	life	basketball	sport	football	fire			paterno tries to light fire under nittany lions the head coach is revved up and ready to go. is his penn state team? by frank bodani. if nothing else, at least 77 year old joe paterno is still breathing fire to try and work his team out of it 's three game slide.
3			holding	business	investment	brown	sale	wealth	finance	bankruptcy	spirit			brown forman: family trust boosts volume wine and spirits maker brown forman corp. said friday that heavy trading volume of its class b common shares was due to sales from a non affiliate brown family trust.
1			politics	america	election	history	iraq	washington	strategy	money			viewers see cheney edwards debate as draw dick cheney and john edwards slugged it out over jobs, judgment and iraq in a hard hitting debate that set the stage for president bush's speech wednesday denouncing his democratic rival's record on national security. their debate tuesday night was largely a draw, moving the attention once again to their bosses in the second presidential showdown friday night...
3			asset	investor	investment	investing	finance	wealth	money	capital	fund			courses to help teach you total assets of the 143 us listed exchange traded funds were $ 180.8 billion in september, the investment company institute reported on friday.
4			electronics	computer	technology	image	film	video	camera	photography			casio updates small, thin exilim camera range casio computer co. ltd. has taken the wraps off five new digital still cameras it will begin selling worldwide in the run up to this year 's end of year sales season.
2			baseball	history	life	yankee	sport	football	money			red sox yanks an instant classic heroics and heartbreaks, diving catches and basepath blunders, hot bats and bizarre slumps, rainy days and endless nights. already an instant classic, a short story transformed into a great american league
4			windows	computer	graphic	linux	technology	mathematics	color			nvidia launches graphics processor for mobile apps fabless graphics chip company nvidia corp. has launched a graphics processor intended for mobile applications. the goforce 3d 4500 performs geometry processing, has a 40 bit color processing pipeline
4			politics	computer	volume	technology	economics	tech	energy	money	industry			stocks end up; techs gain on light volume u.s. blue chips closed at six week highs on friday, helped by reassuring consumer confidence data and a bounce in technology stocks, but volume was extremely thin before next week's republican convention in new york city.
4			computer	chip	hardware	intel	technology	apple	silicon	linux			barrett: intel makes u turn, cancels four gigahertz chip in a bumpy year of missteps and about faces, intel nasdaq: intc news people announced another u turn: on thursday the chipmaker said it halted plans to release a 4 gigahertz microprocessor.
4			electronics	battery	computer	software	privacy	technology	car	money	computing			revive your pc just like cars, home computers need tune ups. unfortunately, most of us have never gotten into the habit. everybody knows to take their cars for routine service, but we often neglect to perform the common sense maintenance that can keep our home pcs running well.
4			computer	privacy	technology	storage	networking	patent	memory	computing	linux			optware finds funding for holographic storage optware corp. has received funding that will enable it to complete development of its holographic storage technology, and is on course to release commercial samples of read write drives in the final three months of 2005, the company said tuesday.
4			insurance	electronics	manufacturing	technology	profit	energy	patent	consumer	industry			electrolux issues profit warning shares of electrolux tumble after the world's largest maker of consumer electronics says that profit in the second half will be less than forecast.
3			travel	business	tourism	technology	marketing	strategy	advertising	competition	money			aol paddles into crowded travel pool america online dipped its toe into the onrushing online travel business friday with an investment in closely held kayak. aol didn 't disclose details of the multiyear marketing and technology agreement.
4			linux	network	java	ethernet	technology	internet	networking	carrier	server			sun to heat up carrier market with new servers the company's new carrier grade servers will be compliant with the new atca specification, which allows carriers to buy off the shelf blade servers for high bandwidth applications such as voip.
1			election	politics	controversy	campaign	clinton	bush	washington	money			bush raises campaign funds in d.c., n.c. president bush is dusting off his fund raiser in chief hat and resuming the task of collecting campaign cash for himself and other republican candidates. he was raising money friday in washington and north carolina and, while down south, was holding an event designed to boost his standing among women voters...
2			indiana	baseball	chicago	basketball	sport	football	player	detroit	nba			pacers officials back banished players indiana pacers officials backed their players as the national basketball association rang with recriminations in the wake of a violent brawl between pacers players and fans in detroit.
2			baseball	history	doping	athletics	sport	athlete	competition	skating	cycling			no finishing kick left for pappas tom pappas, a us gold medal favorite in the decathlon, saw his quest for an olympic crown dashed yesterday by a serious foot injury that forced him to withdraw from the pole vault portion of the 10 event competition.
4			radio	television	network	technology	broadband	telecommunication			centurytel to offer echostar service centurytel inc. ctl.n will offer echostar communications corp. dish.o satellite television service to its customers in 22 states, the rural telephone company said on thursday.
2			news	australia	television	espn	rugby	sport	football	cricket	broadcasting			super 12, tri nations to be expanded the super 12 and tri nations competitions will be expanded from 2006 in a bid by the south africa, new zealand and australia rugby unions to extend a lucrative broadcasting contract with news limited.
2			coaching	statistics	reading	school	rugby	sport	football			melrose overrules reading if yesterday's middlesex league matchup between melrose and reading was a late season test, the red raiders should look into tutoring the rest of the league. senior quarterback mike kent 127 yards, 2 tds passing and senior running back justin mcleod 12 rushes, 128 yards, 2 tds were relentless, schooling reading, 28 0, to improve to 8 0 and move into ...
3			corp	business	ceo	technology	company	growth	corporation	inc	industry			at plans more cuts in workforce at corp. said it would restructure its business, cutting 20 percent of its jobs and writing down the value of its network by $ 11.
1			election	politics	rating	australia	democracy	polling	race	poll			polls show a tough fight: pm polls out today giving the coalition a lead over the labor party proved how close the contest would be, prime minister john howard said today.
4			computer	graphic	linux	java	software	microsoft	technology	copyright	windows			briefly: westinghouse cuts price of lcd tvs roundup plus: adobe debuts hobbyist photoshop package...symbol joins wimax wireless broadband to sell pathscale compilers.
2			statistics	volleyball	soccer	sport	athletics	defense	football	math	stats			defense steps up for oliver ames the top seeded oliver ames girls' soccer team has outscored opponents, 11 0, in the first two rounds of the division 1 south sectional tournament, and its all star forwards have not scored most of those goals.
4			electronics	television	chip	technology	nfc	nokia	tv			ti working on television chip for phones for 2007 texas instruments inc. has begun developing a chip that could bring television shows to mobile phone screens in three years.
2			politics	coaching	soccer	sport	football	transfer	gonzaga	coach			gonzaga coach leaving gonzaga's don smith, one of the area's most successful area soccer coaches over the past two decades, will retire at the end of the season.
4			mobile	electronics	technology	smartphone	nokia	blackberry	phone			palmone unveils latest treo new top of the line smart phone has a sharper screen, a faster chip and a removable battery.
4			electronics	computer	electricity	television	movie	technology	power	energy	tv			to be picture perfect, a choice of 3 bruce goodman is shopping for a new plasma television. he 's been doing that for a while about six months. it 's much more work than it ought to be, he said of his research.
3			business	company	stock	oil	money			stocks to watch tuesday stocks to watch on tuesday: johnson johnson , guidant corp.
4			electronics	chip	hardware	intel	technology	apple	silicon	linux			no intel inside tv the chip originally was to be released in the second half of this year, helping the microprocessor giant in its big push into the consumer electronics market.
1			politics	election	democracy	education	washington	strategy	leader	woman	leadership			q a david gergen, political analyst, on leadership david gergen , director of the center for public leadership at the john f. kennedy school of government , was an adviser to four us presidents: nixon, ford, reagan and clinton. he is editor at large at u.s. news world report and a political analyst. gergen, whose center helps develop future leaders, talked to boston globe staff reporter diane e. lewis ...
4			electronics	graphic	device	specification	technology	card	multimedia			ad campaign touts multimedia cards multimedia card association kicks off ad campaign to promote the small cards based on its specifications.
1			election	politics	democracy	rebellion	corruption	reform	terrorism	malaysia			malaysia rebel politician anwar free, urges reform malaysia's highest court freed rebel politician anwar ibrahim from almost six years in jail on thursday, overturning his conviction for sodomy in a shock ruling expected to win support for the new prime minister.
4			battery	electronics	electricity	device	technology	nokia	phone			nokia hologram to expose fake, unsafe batteries nokia has begun applying a holographic sticker to its mobile phone batteries in a bid to prevent fake power packs being inadvertently purchased as the real thing.
4			graphic	linux	hardware	technology	performance	hp	intel	computing	windows			ati raises performance bar once again with new additions to radeon ... ati technologies inc. nasdaq:atyt tsx:aty , the global leader in pc graphics, has broadened its offerings for pc gamers and extended its performance lead with the introduction of a family of powerful new graphics processors.
3			trading	trend	investing	market	stock	finance	risk	money	earnings			stocks higher as profit worries ease stocks moved narrowly higher in early trading monday as investors discounted another technology profit warning and focused instead on positive outlooks for third and fourth quarter earnings.
4			electronics	computer	music	technology	stereo	money			a stereo with a brain you can train bose's new system to play songs you like. is it worth the price?
3			product	trade	trend	sale	marketing	retailer	ft	consumer	retail			retailers' nov. same store sales rise major u.s. retailers reported modest gains in november sales on thursday, as discounting lured customers, but high energy prices and nagging concerns about a soggy job market kept buying in check.
4			pc	computer	hacking	technology	math	pcs	computing			in the e.r., learning to love the pc the keyboard is mightier than the whiteboard at an emergency room in the bronx where the use of computers is now a staple.
3			computer	business	privacy	technology	company	finance	money	security	industry			symantec will buy veritas for $ 13.5b symantec corp. will buy veritas software corp. in an all stock transaction, the companies announced thursday. based on wednesday 's closing stock prices, the deal values veritas at around us $ 13.5 billion, they said.
4			computer	pc	hacking	chip	technology	ibm	security	linux			is ibm pc sell off preparation for a power chip attack? opinion a chip on the shoulder?
4			electronics	computer	privacy	car	technology	kid	math	teenager			new pc is created just for teenagers this isn't your typical, humdrum, slate colored computer. not only is the pc known as the hip e almost all white, but its screen and keyboard are framed in fuzzy pink fur. or a leopard skin design. or a graffiti themed pattern.
3			revenue	data	trend	company	growth	finance	profit	money	industry			update 3 amd posts profit, sees sales growth; shares rise advanced micro devices inc. amd.n: quote, profile, research on thursday reported a $ 44 million third quarter profit from a loss a year earlier, and predicted
4			network	privacy	technology	broadband	internet	ip	telecommunication			sbc joins the voip party sbc communications will begin selling residential phone services that use the internet in 2005, aiming for those in its existing markets who buy broadband access but gave up their traditional home phone.
4			electronics	battery	pc	computer	hardware	car	technology	pcs	linux			dell angles for the best seat in the living room pc maker wants to be your supplier of high end home electronics as well as installation services and, someday, movies.
2			baseball	athletics	sport	boston	football	pitching	sox			red sox clobber athletics 7 1 johnny damon hit a leadoff homer in his return to the red sox lineup after missing four games with a jammed right pinkie to start boston's 7 1 win over the oakland athletics on tuesday night...
4			network	connectivity	mobility	broadband	internet	ip	networking	email			qwest adds to voip service qwest communications on wednesday announced a continued expansion of its voip service portfolio with ip centrex prime, an ip enabled interface that helps enterprise business customers with multiple locations and mobile workforces migrate from traditional pbx connections to voip.
2			politics	animal	rugby	soccer	sport	football	footballer	dog			football animal steps up the new head coach of tottenham hotspur has been described by a former colleague as a football animal . martin jol, 48, takes over from the departed jacques santini and is a man who eats, thinks and sleeps football .
4			housing	computer	network	privacy	technology	broadband	internet	communication	telecommunication			broadband in suburbia in many ways, brambleton looks like any of the new housing developments that have popped up near dulles airport in the past several years. except coursing under its crisp green lawns and treeless streets is a fiber optic network that supplies some 600 homes with internet access at speeds once reserved for the largest corporations.
4			business	collaboration	software	technology	solution	ip	patent	seo			webmethods, global exchange ink reseller deal companies agree to incorporate software interoperability tools in e commerce partnership.
1			politics	america	election	history	war	democracy	kerry	strategy	tactic	money			a night of back and forth jabs, stereotyping, quips in their final debate wednesday night, president bush and sen. john kerry didn't only thrust and parry for 90 minutes. they also displayed their strategy for the next 19 days.
3			statistics	store	trend	sale	marketing	retailer	growth	retail	industry			circuit city sales trail estimates circuit city stores inc. on tuesday reported a 2.9 percent gain in quarterly same store sales but its growth lagged estimates due to a calendar shift and reduced spending through august.
4			ibm	computer	linux	collaboration	technology	patent	research	computing	industry			ibm launches global computing grid to support research the project will tap into the power of home pcs to create a virtul supercomputer. by paul mcdougall. as part of a broader effort to spur collaborative research in key industries, ibm on tuesday launched a project
4			mobile	network	mobility	wireless	communication	telecommunication	networking			at wireless ends storefront presence the merger between at wireless and cingular wireless will become more visible today as the atlanta based carrier rolls out a holiday ad campaign and transforms at wireless retail stores to the cingular brand.
3			acquisition	ceo	investor	investing	shareholder	finance	money	merger			doubleclick hires investment bank online marketing firm doubleclick says it has retained investment bankers lazard freres to explore strategic options to achieve greater shareholder value.
3			product	buying	trend	price	sale	marketing	growth	fashion	retail			wal mart keeps september sales view wal mart stores inc. on monday maintained its september sales forecast and said back to school demand picked up for key categories including electronics and clothing after a sluggish start.
4			acquisition	network	detail	technology	networking	seo	availability	security			web services management vendors combine web services management and security provider digital evolution on monday is announcing its acquisition of former competitor flamenco networks, which has provided specialized network infrastructure for implementing soas service oriented architectures .
2			baseball	giant	sport	football	money			at 4 1, they just might be giants the new york giants aren't just winning. they're doing the kinds of things winning teams do.
4			network	connectivity	technology	broadband	pcs	link			linksys, at team for consumer voip starting in mid october at , in partnership with industry leader linksys a division of cisco systems quote, chart , will begin offering voice over internet protocol voip to home users across the country.
1			election	politics	australia	democrat	price	option	finance	policy			democrats to oppose telstra sale as search begins for a new ceo the australian democrats has not changed its position on the full sale of telstra and will continue to oppose any moves by the federal government to sell its remaining 51.8 per cent stake in the telco.
2			baseball	history	basketball	sport	winning	football	competition	rivalry			teams battle like there's no tomorrow, and there isn't the incentive of a postseason berth inspired the new orleans saints and the carolina panthers. and yet, when the game was over, each of the teams had lost.
4			electronics	computer	manufacturing	technology	aging	manufacturer	innovation	semiconductor	silicon	industry			chipmakers on the chopping block? study predicts that industry demands will crush 40 percent of today's semiconductor manufacturers.
2			hockey	volleyball	sport	football	austria	money	woman			austrian men's team gets female goalie barbara zemann is a banker by trade. now she's the first female to play for an austrian men's hockey team.
4			electronics	electricity	philip	manufacturing	price	technology	energy	rs	industry			lg.philips to spend $ 5.1 billion on new flat panel tv factory the lg.philips lcd company plans to spend a record 5.3 trillion won, or $ 5.1 billion, to build the world's largest plant for flat panel sets.
4			network	privacy	technology	encryption	company	protection	networking	security	industry			firms tighten up business security check point and mcafee unveil products designed to help companies protect their networks.
4			electronics	battery	computer	chip	technology	performance	silicon	intel			amd hit by weak demand advanced micro devices yesterday warned that revenues in the third quarter would be lower than earlier forecasts, echoing a similar statement from intel last month its biggest rival in the chip sector.
4			electronics	computer	technology	networking	semiconductor	intel	computing	linux			samsung electronics develops world's highest capacity sram chip south korea's samsung electronics said it has developed the world's highest capacity sram static random access memory chip for high performance networking systems.
3			investor	investment	investing	finance	money	fund			is it still called a venture fund when you use your own money? halsey m. minor, the former cnet guru, is now running his own, very private, investment fund.
2			coaching	doping	athletics	race	sport	football	competition	cycling			livestrong band decision provoked furor ten virginia high school cross country runners disqualified for wearing lance armstrong 's livestrong wristbands during a meet last week have had their results reinstated.
1			election	politics	controversy	history	florida	voting	corruption	immigration	fraud			florida authorities searching 58,000 missing ballots authorities in florida were looking for 58,000 absentee ballots whose disappearance stirred renewed controversy in the state that held up the 2000 presidential election for five weeks.
4			creative	music	technology	sound	tech	sonic	innovation	design			creative declares war on apple expect to see and hear creative technology everywhere as it embarks on a worldwide marketing campaign to snatch dominance of the digital music player market from apple computer.
4			network	mobility	technology	wireless	broadband	telecommunication	networking	speed			t mobile tries start up 's wireless technology european cell phone giant t mobile international said wednesday that it 's conducting a trial of super fast wireless broadband gear from flarion technologies, giving the new jersey start up its first step into the european broadband market.
4			virus	hacking	hacked	privacy	technology	piracy	security			sci tech ; viral movies possible with realplayer flaw anyone who has realplayer is affected, and there are many people with realplayer, said marc maiffret, chief hacking officer at software security company eeye digital security, the company that discovered the security issue.
1			politics	election	history	strategy	mccain	money			bearhug politics: careful steps to a new bush mccain alliance george w. bush and john mccain's bearhug and smooch on the campaign trail last week was one of the odder embraces in politics in a long while.
2			coaching	america	florida	miami	sport	football			acc football begins new era with miami the miami hurricanes spent the last year preparing to move to the atlantic coast conference. are they ready? the way i see it, we're just playing easier teams, defensive end bryan pata said. we're going to dominate each and every game.
4			science	statistics	computer	intelligence	data	privacy	technology	information	research	money			searching smarter, not harder when it comes to searching, more is not always better. data experts are honing topic maps to better classify the information that's out there. by john gartner.
4			politics	america	barrett	technology	tech	growth	energy	innovation	intel			barrett still has some fight in him intel's outgoing ceo takes on the tech industry and politics in an outspoken keynote address.
4			electronics	battery	computer	hacking	security	privacy	technology	encryption	phone			cell phones increasingly attractive to hackers early this month, several web sites began offering software promising ringtones and screensavers for certain cell phones. but those who downloaded the software found that it turned every icon
4			mobile	privacy	technology	broadband	telecommunication	money	phone			rnkvoip launches lifetime phone service plans for one time fee dedham, mass. business wire dec. 6, 2004 first of its kind offer liberates consumers from a lifetime of phone bills with one payment of $ 999.
4			science	computer	technology	math	innovation	mathematics	chemistry	education	physics			person of the week: aaron goldin aaron goldin, this week 's person of the week, won the grand prize at the siemens westinghouse competition in math, science and technology.
4			network	connectivity	ethernet	traffic	wireless	networking	availability	security			product previews f5 bolsters firewall family the latest additions to f5 networks lineup are two new security products announced monday that are designed for enterprise networks. firepass 4100 is the latest version of f5 's firewall product line designed to provide secure remote access to corporate applications and data using a standard web browser. the firewall secures web based remote access to corporate applications and desktops. trafficshield 4100 is a web application firewall designed for the application layer of networks that enforces granular security policies to protect web applications, as well as database information from both random and targeted application security attacks. prices for firepass begin at 24,990 for 100 concurrent users, and trafficshield prices begin at 39,990. firepass 4100 and trafficshield 4100 are available this week. firepass 4100, trafficshield 4100, f5 networks
4			software	technology	growth	productivity	shrink	size	complexity	industry			in software industry, size matters the fragmented software business is growing up.
3			rating	trend	sale	marketing	bell	growth	consumer	money	industry			home depot rises before the bell shares in home depot inc. rose before the opening bell on tuesday after the world's largest home improvement retailer reported a 19 percent rise in second quarter profit.
3			business	technology	marketing	growth	analytics	blackberry	research	money			research in motion profit, sales soar in second quarter research in motion ltd. added a record 317,000 new blackberry subscribers in its second quarter and saw revenue and profit skyrocket, but that wasn 't enough to keep some investors and analysts happy.
2			pittsburgh	sport	steelers	football			steelers are on cloud nine things aren 't supposed to be this easy in the nfl. not for the pittsburgh steelers, not for anyone. every game is supposed to be a brutal battle to the end
2			game	olympics	athletics	sport	football	athlete	paralympics	paralympic	cycling			popular games end on sombre note the lights at athens olympic stadium turn red to signify the handover of the paralympic games to the host city, beijing. photo: afp.
3			vegas	business	investor	investing	option	entertainment	finance	profit	money			caesars profit rises, but outlook lags caesars entertainment inc. czr.n: quote, profile, research on thursday posted a rise in third quarter profit as las vegas hotels filled up and atlantic city properties squeaked out a profit that was unexpected by the company.
4			electronics	computer	linux	hardware	technology	orion	computing	windows			orion puts 'super into the personal computer .orion multisystems said it would have two models of its orion cluster workstation available at the end of the year that use up to 96 chips in a desktop sized machine.
4			electronics	computer	privacy	biotechnology	technology	energy	health			give your home a brain for x mas x10's activehome pro modules let you turn your ordinary household lamps and appliances into smart devices that go on and off according to your habits. product review by amit asaravala.
3			rs	business			vodafone chief outlines 2.5bn plan to cut costs arun sarin, the chief executive of vodafone, revealed yesterday the company was expecting to deliver annual cash flow improvements of 2.
2			coaching	baseball	espn	basketball	athletics	sport	recruiting	football	washington	media			wsu notes and quotes from pacific 10 men 's basketball media day the washington state university men 's basketball team was picked to finish ninth in the 2004 05 pacific 10 conference season in the annual preseason media poll, announced wednesday at the conference 's media day.
2			baseball	running	athletics	sport	race	football	athlete	swimming	competition			thursday 's round up it was another great night for the us track and field team as it upped its medal count to 18, just two short of the sydney games. the highlight was the sweep in the 200 meters.
4			sci	computer	cap	technology	ai	computing			cap harnesses human thought to move pc cursor scientists say they have developed a non invasive, brain computer interface that enables a person to move a cursor across a computer screen just by thinking about it.
1			politics	election	democrat	gov	pressure	republican	trump			democrats pressure mcgreevey to leave soon high level new jersey democrats said sunday that pressure is building among members of gov...
4			windows	computer	hacking	software	privacy	technology	microsoft	security	linux			microsoft software to remove spyware microsoft corp. disclosed plans thursday to offer frustrated users of its windows software new tools within 30 days to remove spyware programs secretly running on computers. but it might cost extra in coming months.
1			politics	britain	election	negotiation	democracy	talk	ireland	discussion	debate			northern parties continue talks in uk talks involving the british and irish governments and the northern parties continue at leeds castle in kent today. the first day of discussions aimed at restoring power sharing in the north adjourned late last night.
4			government	unix	software	technology	licensing	copyright	computing	linux			uk takes linux to the heart of government open source software is a viable alternative to commercial proprietary software, with potential significant value for money benefits for government, the office of government commerce ogc has concluded.
4			computer	linux	manufacturing	hardware	technology	blade	intel	industry			ibm and intel to open up blade specifications in an effort to encourage hardware vendors to build components for the blade platform they co develop, intel corp. and ibm corp. on thursday will open up parts of the bladecenter design specifications, according to documents obtained by idg news service.
4			computer	business	software	privacy	technology	company	networking	corporation	industry			restoring file sharing 's good name not too many companies that were around during the dawn of the personal computer revolution are still in business. intel, apple computer, microsoft, ibm after them, names come to mind a little more slowly.
3			acquisition	business	speculation	option	strategy	finance	bankruptcy	competition	money			report: real estate issues complicate target talks discussions about a possible acquisition by minneapolis based target corp. of canada 's hudson 's bay co. hbc continue, though complicated real estate issues are bogging them down, according to a report published at
4			interference	privacy	technology	power	communication	fcc	telecommunication			verizon, nextel set aside conflicts verizon wireless on tuesday dropped its opposition to a plan to give nextel communications nxtl valuable airwaves, removing a big hurdle to a deal aimed at fixing cell phone interference
4			electronics	manufacturing	chip	technology	strategy	innovation	silicon			amd sketches out new high end, low end chips sunnyvale, calif. advanced micro devices will take the high road and the low road in the chip market. executives at the company 's annual analyst meeting in sunnyvale friday outlined a strategy that will, ideally
4			device	technology	nokia	smartphone	hp	series	intel	phone			intel collaborates with nokia and symbian to help deliver series ... intel corporation, nokia corporation and symbian ltd. has announced a collaboration to bring smartphones based on the nokia series 60 platform to market using intel technology, as part of intel 's recent membership
4			electronics	radio	computer	electricity	television	technology	telecommunication	tv	appliance			cellphone addition: high definition tv miniature mobile phones, which already double as cameras, internet devices and music players, are poised to merge with the largest of home appliances: the television.
4			mobile	business	network	cellular	technology	telecommunication	competition	money			cellular union wins final approval now cingular wireless llc gets to reap the rewards and face the challenges of its new status as the nation's biggest cellular provider.
2			baseball	cheating	sport	football	strategy	money			sutton 's strategy helps us dig hole woods mickelson loses twice ... hal sutton, the united states captain, started the day wearing a big, black cowboy hat. he ended it being fitted for a dunce cap.
2			coaching	utah	baseball	statistics	sport	recruiting	football	coach	byu			jerry graybeal quits as weber state coach weber state football coach jerry graybeal resigned tuesday after a 1 10 season, the worst in the program's 43 year history.
4			phone	technology	smartphone	communication	telecommunication	telephone			turning phone into broadcaster enterprise communications systems are no longer used simply as tools of convenience and sound business practice but increasingly as crisis management programs as well.
3			business	loyalty	marketing	greed	fraud	finance	money			coles myer plans to enhance loyalty scheme coles myer chief john fletcher says the retail giant has only just begun to scratch the surface of the potential loyalty incentives it can offer its massive customer base, hinting that
3			share	investor	investing	company	option	stock	oil	money			stocks to watch friday u.s. oil major conocophillips is seeking to buy up to 25 percent in russian oil giant lukoil , booking billions of barrels of new reserves, an industry source familiar with the matter said on friday. conocophillips shares closed at $ 72.70 on the new york stock exchange.
4			computer	convergence	technology	perpendicular	parallel	speed			toshiba to use perpendicular recording in new drives toshiba said today that it is close to commercializing a new data storage technology, called perpendicular recording, that could significantly increase the capacity of hard disk drives.
4			mobile	business	privacy	technology	broadband	telecommunication	networking			skype readies business telephone offering new service will feature skypeplus voicemail and expanded conference calling, as well as let users get calls from the traditional phone network.
3			analysis	business	investor	investing	technology	growth	strategy	finance	risk	money			nortel restatement seen next week analysts will wade through the flood of revisions to financial data that nortel networks corp. is expected to unleash next week looking not so much for insights into its past, but for clues to its future.
4			security	hacking	privacy	technology	encryption	terrorism	networking	surveillance			aol to sell secure id tags to fight hackers america online will begin offering to sell members a security device and service that has been used to safeguard business computer networks, the world's largest internet service provider said on tuesday.
1			election	politics	computer	democracy	voting	polling	transparency	technology	fraud			u.s. elections under a microscope as the november presidential election nears, several groups are mobilizing to monitor the voting process including a group of observers from across the globe and over a thousand techies who will help evaluate voting machines. by laila weir.
4			acquisition	network	wireless	technology	communication	telecommunication	patent	carrier			cingular wraps up at t wireless acquisition cingular wireless llc announced tuesday that it completed a $ 41 billion acquisition of at t wireless services inc., creating the nation's largest wireless carrier, following approval from two u.s. government agencies.
4			mobile	battery	device	mobility	hardware	technology	nokia	phone	linux			amd mobile athlon 64 targets intel pentium m amd has fleshed out its mobile chip catalogue this week by shipping the mobile amd athlon 64 3000 processor. it joins a range of mobile models, from 2800 to 3400, but is the first to be built using 90nm technology.
2			boxing	wrestling	sport	wwe			complaints prompt wrestle o cancellation a series of gelatin wrestling tournaments set for the clubhouse of a local restaurant and brewery have been canceled after a promotion linking the event to a foundation created in memory
4			linux	software	technology	networking	seo	security	windows			hidden costs of online crm part 3 it is low in cost, it delivers enterprise level functionality, and it spares a company the ordeal of an extensive implementation project. it is hosted software, and many say this once fledgling software space is now in its prime as more and more companies both buyers and sellers jump on the bandwagon.
3			business	india	china	investing	company	growth	finance			a small jewel of a company blue nile dominates its niche and offers growth and a clean balance sheet.
4			stuff	computer	application	technology	something			strange bedfellows handango selected as preminet key content ... given that handango have a catalog of applications that they sell through a range of store fronts hosted for operators and nokias preminet does pretty much the same thing todays announcement seems just a little odd.
4			search	privacy	technology	google	strategy	innovation	optimization	analytics	research	competition			more search products prowl for market share we need a search engine to find all the search engines. two more web query services launched last week, accoona and blingo; their initial performance, however, suggests market leaders google and yahoo don 't have reason to worry yet.
2			baseball	fan	jazz	sport	music	football			rockies beat los angeles 4 1 to slow dodgers drive for playoff ... the colorado rockies found a way to protect a lead over the los angeles dodgers. but there was still music playing in the losers clubhouse afterward.
4			electronics	china	chip	technology	nokia	semiconductor	silicon	industry			chinese handset makers led chip slowdown a slowdown in demand for semiconductors that began earlier this year was caused in part by chinese cellular handset makers' inexperience with managing their supply chains and forecasting end user demand, according to the top executive at semiconductor distributor avnet inc.
2			athens	boxing	doping	olympics	athletics	sport	football	greece	athlete			greek athletes shocked by accusations greece's top two athletes, facing a state prosecutor's investigation over missed drug tests and a motorbike crash, left a hospital tuesday declaring they were innocent and should be allowed to compete in the olympic games.
3			trading	trade	trend	price	option	market	stock	security			schwab cuts fees for trades after cutting trading commissions for bigger and moreactive customers in mid june, charles schwab corp. said monday it will cut them for the rest of its customers effective nov. 1. schwab will reduce its standard online stock trading commission from $ 29.
2			baseball	nascar	television	espn	motorsports	sport	race	motorsport	tv	racing			this weekend on tv, radio nascar busch series cabela's 250 qualifying at brooklyn, mich., speed channel 3 p.m. nascar nextel cup gfs marketplace 400 qualifying at brooklyn, mich., tnt little league baseball 1 p.m. world series: midwest vs. southeast at williamsport, pa., espn 5 p.m. world series: latin america vs. canada at williamsport, pa., espn2 8 ...
4			cooling	electronics	radiation	device	heat	technology	energy	semiconductor	silicon	temperature			use of hot wafers are one step closer to becoming reality one of the last frontiers of semiconductor technology environments where electronic devices have to run at high power, in fierce heat or at lethal doses of radiation may be about to fall.
1			politics	governance	beijing	democracy	china	cpc	leadership			enhancing party 's governance capability is of vital importance ... to enhance the governance capability of the communist party of china cpc is vital to china 's socialist cause, the chinese nation and the cpc itself, says the cpc central
1			election	america	money	politics			day at a glance the hot event, who's ahead, pictures and quotes: what you need to know about the us election today.
3			statistics	manufacturing	trend	promotion	sale	marketing	company	growth	advertising			general mills profit down 19 percent general mills inc. on tuesday reported a steeper than expected drop in quarterly net income due to higher food ingredient costs and stepped up spending on promotions.
4			industry	computer	pc	dell	technology	apple	hp	pcs	linux			pc users happier especially with apple, dell customer satisfaction with home computers reaches three year peak, with highest marks for apple and dell, survey says.
2			athletics	sport	athlete	iaaf	throwing	throw			hungary 's fazekas breaks olympic record to win discus gold hungary 's robert fazekas won the discus with an olympic record toss of 232 feet, 8 inches 70.93 meters on monday, beating the past two gold medalists.
1			election	abortion	politics	democracy	cheating	voting	privacy	voter	security			pentagon restores voting web site access the pentagon has restored access to a web site that assists soldiers and other americans living overseas in voting, after receiving complaints that its security measures were preventing legitimate voters from using it.
4			computer	hacking	privacy	technology	vulnerability	fraud	terrorism	security			doe hacked 199 times last year weaknesses in the energy departments cybersecurity allowed hackers to successfully penetrate its systems 199 times last year in intrusions that affected 3,531 systems, the departments inspector general said.
4			science	business	genetics	city	biotechnology	technology	health	cancer			potential guidant merger could be blow for city as the city of indianapolis tries to build an image as a center for the life sciences, one of its premiere biotechnology companies could be leaving.
1			politics	news	election	television	democracy	movie	technology	censorship	tv			briefly: amazon opens floor to political pundits roundup plus: sony picks up graphics tech for psp handheld...linkedin links a gives exclusive sneak peek for fall tv.
4			computer	manufacturing	publishing	technology	marketing	innovation	advertising	photography	printing			hewlett packard: a wannabe kodak? analysis photos and printing dominate marketing strategy
4			linux	java	software	technology	package	optimization	tool	windows			code cruncher transforms excel whereas most of todays software tools follow the bigger is better philosophy, savvysofts profile, products, articles turboexcel proves the adage that great things really do come in small packages.
4			inflation	lcd	electronics	philip	price	technology	consumer	industry			flat screen prices hurt lg.philips lg.philips lcd co. ltd. reported a worse than expected 15 percent drop in quarterly profits on tumbling flat screen prices and warned a global supply surplus could push prices down by a further third.
1			election	indonesia	politics	democracy	parliament	corruption	terrorism	woman	politician			megawati's party seals deal with golkar to dominate indonesia's parliament president megawati sukarnoputri forged a pact with indonesia's largest political group golkar to form a bloc that will dominate parliament but is seen as unlikely to ensure her reelection.
1			politics	election	australia	result	polling	parliament	abc	candidate	electoral			australian pm howard calls general election on october 9 australian prime minister john howard called a general election for october 9 with his conservative government trailing well behind the opposition labor party in opinion polls.
1			politics	election	voting	polling	backup	fraud	security			backup voting could be a mess a new national backup system meant to ensure that millions of eligible voters are not mistakenly turned away from the polls this year as they were in 2000 could cause election day problems.
4			electronics	computer	television	chip	hardware	intel	technology	silicon	linux			intel drops plans for lcos chip the world 's largest chipmaker, which has had product delays, manufacturing snafus and canceled the 4 ghz version of pentium 4, has now axed its plans to build chips for big screen, high definition tv sets.
4			network	privacy	technology	internet	ip	telecommunication	email	phone			bank of america to deploy 180,000 ip phones bank of america has unveiled plans to eventually put an ip phone on every employee's desktop a three year, corporatewide ip telephony rollout that involves about 180,000 phones.
4			authentication	certification	technology	standard	networking	patent	vendor	security			vendors seek certification for application security tools four small security software vendors have teamed up to develop a set of technical criteria for tools designed to secure web applications. they also invited cisco and other large it vendors to take part in the certification program.
1			politics	election	treason	war	democracy	china	corruption	power	terrorism	torture			myanmar frees number two political prisoner as they sought to measure the significance of a purge of prime minister khin nyunt and his intelligence apparatus last month. the release could be a signal that the generals may be willing to move seriously on political reform, they said.
3			brand	product	trend	heinz	price	sale	marketing	profit	competition			heinz quarterly profit meets forecasts ketchup maker h.j. heinz co. hnz.n on tuesday reported a 9 percent drop in quarterly profit after spinning off some brands, but demand for new items like ore ida extra crispy fries helped to boost sales.
4			battery	electronics	lcd	television	technology	industry			hitachi, toshiba, matsushita launch $ 1b joint lcd venture hitachi, toshiba and matsushita have reached a basic agreement to jointly establish a company they are currently calling the jv, to manufacture and sell lcd panels for flat panel tvs, with operations to commence in january.
4			computer	failure	hacking	technology	fraud	email	security	reliability			uk government hit with another large computer failure it system failures continued to plague the uk government this week, when as many as 80,000 civil servants working for the department of work and pensions dwp had to deal with what is being described in the local
4			patented	privacy	technology	trademark	licensing	invention	copyright	patent	infringement			toshiba takes hynix to task in patent clash toshiba has accused hynix of infringing its dram and flash patents, and has begun legal proceedings against its south korean rival in the us and japanese courts.
4			mobile	device	technology	wireless	standard	nokia	telecommunication	networking			nokia 9500 communicator receives wi fi certification the nokia 9500 communicator is the first mobile device operating in both cellular and wireless lan networks to receive this qualification.
4			hacking	privacy	technology	broadband	internet	telecommunication	telephone	phone			this week in voip news the nation's top telephone regulators further deregulated internet phone services.
3			business	trend	sale	loss	growth	bankruptcy	money	industry			office depot cuts outlook office depot inc. lowered its earnings expectations for the third quarter and for the year, citing lower sales because of hurricane disruptions and soft european business. the price of its stock fell more than 7 percent on the news.
3			business	greed	commerce	profit	bankruptcy	competition	money	globalization			the dot com era 's last gasp: commerce one commerce one says it must lay off 56 employees, leaving it with 36 to operate its supplier relationship management business unit. years of economic devastation have left commerce one once
4			mobile	electronics	flash	device	storage	technology	multimedia	samsung			samsung launches tiny memory card for mobiles in a flash, samsung has unveiled its latest removable storage product, and it 's only a quarter of the size of a standard multimedia memory card.
4			security	network	connectivity	ethernet	privacy	technology	cisco	networking	surveillance			cisco to acquire network monitoring provider netsolve cisco systems inc. channel partners will be able to offer real time monitoring of enterprises' networks after the company agreed to acquire netsolve inc., the networking giant said thursday.
1			politics	election	democracy	influence	iran	corruption	power	terrorism	afghanistan			us envoy denies using influence in afghan elections the united states ambassador to afghanistan denies allegations he is meddling in the country 's first direct presidential election, to be held on october 9. us ambassador to kabul, zalmay khalilzad, says that
2			baseball	hockey	nhl	sport	football	entertainment	canada	toronto			nhl armageddon is done season is in fact over it began at a vocal, boisterous, pre meeting dinner of steak and pasta attended by some 80 national hockey league players monday night.
4			electronics	computer	hacking	nothing	technology	power	cancer			don't touch that dial plextor's new convertx pvr turns a mac or pc into a digital video recorder. it's a slick product that's easy to set up and use. but inexplicably, the pvr is crippled in a fundamental way. by leander kahney.
3			computer	business	management	competition	mistake	money	ethics			beware of business it horrors in this issue, my colleague chad dickerson unveils his top 20 it mistakes based on some unhappy lessons he and others have learned. this list is so much fun that i couldn't resist adding my own: five common mistakes that business people make when dealing with it. each of these derives from bitter experience. and in three of the cases, i was personally responsible for the bad judgment please don't ask which three! .
4			cooperation	converge	convergence	collaboration	technology	evolution	telecommunication			telcos' convergence strategies diverge kai uwe ricke, the chief executive officer ceo of deutsche telekom ag, and ben verwaayen, his counterpart at bt group plc, have diverging views on convergence the idea that, some day, fixed and mobile telecommunications systems will come together into a seamless whole.
2			boxing	baseball	beijing	asia	olympics	china	sport	football	athlete			china 's heroes welcomed in beijing athletes who won china its highest ever olympics gold medal tally were greeted like heroes when they returned tuesday, with flag waving fans cheering wildly at the airport.
4			politics	job	privacy	technology	economics	company	tech	innovation	industry			brief: job cuts in tech sector soar, report says the u.s. high tech sector suffered another major round of layoffs during the third quarter, with computer firms being the most aggressive at cutting jobs, according to outplacement firm challenger, gray christmas.
2			politics	baseball	history	college	lsu	basketball	sport	football			instant analysis: oregon state at lsu if you re a romantic who thinks about sports the way grantland rice wrote about the four horsemen of notre dame, this exhausting, wrenching battle between oregon state and louisiana state represented everything that makes college football a supreme
4			computer	hacking	software	privacy	technology	nokia	microsoft	phone	windows			microsoft puts familiar face on cell phones with all the grumbling over windows and its many shortcomings, why would anyone want microsoft 's computer operating system to run their cell phone?
3			trade	manufacturing	business	technology	marketing	commerce	patent	industry			51 win spots on commerce list fifty one small businesses, nearly all of them washington area companies, were included in the contract for commerce information technology solutions next generation, known as commits nexgen. the contract can be used by all federal agencies to buy information technology services.
4			expansion	capability	technology	storage	capacity	power	size			corning goes ahead with capacity upgrade corning inc, the world 's largest maker of glass substrates used in liquid crystal displays lcds , said yesterday that it would go ahead with its capacity expansion as planned, adding that decisions
4			virus	hacking	software	privacy	technology	email	security	linux			mcafee adds managed e mail protection new service offers spam, virus filtering for small and mid sized businesses.
4			ibm	business	technology	storage	company	networking	patent	security	linux			storagetek throws lifeline to storability com staff. storage technology corp. storagetek has scooped up storage resource management srm company storability software inc.
2			vince	baseball	statistics	television	sport	nfl	football			final preseason game important for mcmahon don't tell mike mcmahon the nfl's final exhibitions are meaningless.
1			election	politics	australia	cabinet	legislation	parliament	reform	howard	policy			howard 's reform agenda john howard has full control of the senate within his grasp after an emphatic election victory that will allow the coalition to embark on an ambitious reform agenda, including the $ 30 billion sale of telstra and further industrial relations changes.
1			election	fraud	security	politics			new backup voting system may pose problems call it the law of unintended consequences. a new national backup system meant to ensure that millions of eligible voters are not mistakenly turned away from the polls this year, as happened in 2000, could wind up causing election day problems as infamous as florida's hanging chads...
4			network	ethernet	privacy	technology	ip	networking	security			gartner itxpo spotlights security, wireless enterprise it executives attending this week's gartner symposium itxpo in orlando, fla., got a peek at several forthcoming products for security, cm content management , wireless, and soas service oriented architectures .
4			technology	marketing	innovation	patent	rs	competition	diversity			siebel infuses smbs with crm executives at siebel systems quote, chart said its competitors in the crm define space aren 't doing enough to meet the needs of small to medium sized businesses smb .
1			politics	election	democracy	polling	poll	iran	candidate	terrorism	afghanistan			karzai claims poll win as rival admits defeat the main rival of president hamid karzai has conceded defeat in afghanistan 's presidential election with less than six per cent of the vote left to be counted.
1			politics	election	crime	democracy	violence	corruption	terrorism	weapon	gun			armed malawian politicians held three senior ruling party members are arrested for carrying guns to a meeting with malawi's president.
3			insurance	engineering	business	debt	finance	bankruptcy	money			advice on paying off debt and playing with oil prices q: i need some advice on paying off debt. i am a 52 year old engineer who was laid off last fall. i have been unable to find another engineering position.
1			election	politics	history	congress	democracy	time	debate			congressional action at a glance action on friday as the 108th congress moved toward adjournment, which is expected on saturday:
1			election	politics	computer	cheating	information	fraud	money			analyzing the election data from ohio like many of you, i spent a long time watching the election returns come in, and i saw the election eventually handed to george bush. i saw exit polls that did not correspond to the results in certain states. i heard about the diebold president talking about using his machines to turn the election. i have spent a long time over the past day checking information about the election, information from 2000, comparing data. and after all of this, i feel i am able to post a list of some questionable data that i have seen:
2			game	olympics	athletics	sport	music	football	entertainment	education	event			entertainment part of paralympic games closing ceremony canceled the organizing committee for 2004 athens paralympic games has decided to cancel the entertainment part of the closing ceremony due to a car accident which killed atleast seven students early monday morning.
1			politics	election	history	democracy	iran	iraq	candidate	afghanistan			karzai is president after the first round indications show that afghanistan 's interim president hamid karzai has won the first presidential elections in the country 's history.
4			ibm	privacy	storage	microsoft	technology	networking	patent	security	reliability			emc hires former ibm veteran as cto emc last week said it has hired former ibm veteran jeffrey m. nick as chief technology officer for the storage vendor. nick, who left ibm in june following 24 years with the company
3			america	chicago	business	china	technology	profit	competition	money	banking			sara lee sees not so sweet 2q consumer goods company posts flat 1q, warns that 2q profit will come in below wall street 's views. chicago reuters sara lee corp.
4			security	technology	defense	tank	armor	industry			armor holdings selected for dod program body and vehicle armor company armor holdings inc. said friday it was selected as one of the companies to receive a defense department ceramic body armor contract that could be worth up to $ 461 million over 36 months.
4			graphic	music	technology	yamaha	multimedia	video			yamaha offering free authoring tools for adding dynamic graphics ... whether it 's the professional content developer or the casual mobile phone user, creating dynamic, smaf multimedia content is simple and intuitive through our authoring tools, says kazunari fukaya, marketing division manager of yamaha 's semiconductor
4			virus	hacking	network	privacy	wireless	technology	security			mobilizing against wireless viruses as cell phones turn into mobile handheld data devices, companies are exploring ways to protect them from being hacked by a growing number of sophisticated viruses designed specifically to attack the wireless world.
2			coaching	baseball	basketball	athletics	sport	pitching	detroit	tiger	pitcher			area sports in brief one of the people free agent right hander carl pavano wanted to talk to on his trip to detroit was tigers pitching coach bob cluck.
4			authentication	privacy	technology	standard	protection	vulnerability	encryption	security			aol upgrades with security tools america online subscribers will receive a raft of new and enhanced security services as part of their standard package with the launch of aol 9.0 security edition, the latest upgrade of the company 's fee based, consumer focused online service.
1			politics	america	controversy	history	election	television	debate			u.s. presidential debate trivia: gaffes, zingers, more voters tend to forget most of what is said during u.s. presidential debates, but a few memorable moments endure.
4			electronics	electricity	safety	chemicals	manufacturing	technology	manufacturer	security			shock hazard prompts lexmark recall the us consumer product safety commission said tuesday that lexmark international has voluntarily recalled more than 39,400 laser printers, under the lexmark, dell and ibm brands, for their potential to deliver electrical shocks.
2			montreal	baseball	hockey	sport	football	money			behind the scenes in the final days of the montreal expos the long goodbye ended for expos president tony tavares with news from a pair of reporters. it was the bottom of the ninth tuesday night and tavares had finally found a moment of respite in the club 's executive box.
3			product	trading	safety	sale	marketing	loss	profit	risk	competition	money			unilever shares fall on warning shares in unilever fall after the anglo dutch consumer goods giant issued a surprise profits warning.
3			statistics	revenue	data	sale	technology	marketing	growth	finance	industry			peoplesoft posts solid q3 revenue growth peoplesoft reported a 12 increase in revenue, to $ 698.8 million, and a slight uptick in revenue from software license sales in the quarter that ended sept. 30.
4			experiment	technology	innovation	email	education			postal service cancels photostamps the innovative program has been halted after its test run.
4			industry	trend	digital	technology	marketing	innovation	patent	media			kodak 's digital sales outlook bold statements came from the eastman kodak company today. investors learned digital sales are soaring beyond the company 's expectations.
4			insurance	healthcare	privacy	technology	innovation	patent	ethics	industry			insurers face new technology reality the insurance industry could soon be forced to embrace crm tools, middleware and straight through processing technology to cope with insurance regulation reforms that would require greater oversight.
1			election	politics	putin	democracy	voting	corruption	russia	ukraine			ukraine's yanukovich to run again in repeat vote ukrainian prime minister viktor yanukovich said on saturday he would run against opposition liberal viktor yushchenko again in a rerun of their contested presidential election and he defiantly vowed he would win.
4			electronics	computer	hacking	hardware	software	technology	tech	security	linux			the world in your palm com september 14, 2004, 4:00 am pt. with the economy slowly turning up, upgrading hardware has been on businesses radar in the past 12 months as their number two priority.
4			connectivity	privacy	solution	technology	retired	blackberry			disconnected pdas are dead, according to rim international wireless solutions manufacturer research in motion rim believes the days of disconnected pdas are gone. the blackberry maker said that users information is changing too rapidly for disconnected
1			politics	election	democracy	cheney	polling	iran	iraq	candidate	afghanistan			early results show karzai victory preliminary figures in the afghan presidential election indicate interim leader hamid karzai has won the simple majority needed to avoid a run off.
4			prevention	safety	hacking	privacy	technology	internet	education	security			dell teams up to fight spyware the non profit internet education foundation, along with computer maker dell, launch a campaign to help consumers fend off spyware. their first step is to publish tips and tutorials to help internet users stay safe.
4			computer	chip	hardware	intel	technology	silicon	linux			intel pentium m dual core chips? no kidding web site digitimes, fresh from its typhoon traumas, reckons that intel will highlight a dual core pentium m codenamed napa when it heralds its future directions at the intel developer forum in september.
4			statistics	game	atari	computer	gaming	graphic	technology	development	industry			atari announces first 64 bit game amd and atari today announced the availability of what the firms call the first 64 bit game named shadow ops: red mercury. amd did not participate in the development, but
4			science	nano	biotechnology	technology	energy	innovation	research	silicon	industry			nanotech research spending seen reaching 8.6 bln worldwide research and development spending in the emerging field of nanotechnology should rise about 10 percent this year to 8.6 billion, a research firm said on monday.
4			computer	linux	network	intel	microsoft	technology	patent	silicon	windows			nvidia and intel agree nvidia corporation and intel corporation today announced that they have entered into a multi year, cross license agreement.
2			boxing	fighting	sport	football	wrestling	boxer			boxing: rumble in jungle recalled former bbc boxing commentator harry carpenter relives the rumble in the jungle 30 years ago.
4			mobile	radio	technology	brain	listening	speech			mobile brain help claim dismissed experts have dismissed a suggestion that mobile phone radio waves could help children think more clearly.
4			computer	linux	software	technology	innovation	photography	adobe	industry			briefly: hitachi cuts 10 percent of u.s. work force roundup plus: evite goes local with invitations...westinghouse cuts price of lcd tvs...adobe debuts hobbyist photoshop package.
2			coaching	baseball	pittsburgh	statistics	espn	basketball	athletics	sport	football	purdue			bucknell upsets no. 10 pittsburgh 69 66 kevin bettencourt made two free throws with 23 seconds remaining to give bucknell the lead in a 69 66 victory over no. 10 pittsburgh on sunday night, one of the biggest wins in school history.
4			electronics	computer	engineering	intel	technology	evolution	innovation	silicon	linux			intel shelves plans for 4 ghz pentium 4 intel won't release a 4 ghz version of its flagship pentium 4 product, having decided instead to realign its engineers around the company's new design priorities, an intel spokesman said today.
4			linux	ethernet	hardware	technology	networking	vs	computing	windows			vmware introduces 4 way virtual smp vmware, inc., the global leader in virtual infrastructure software for industry standard systems, announced 4 way vmware virtual smp symmetric multiprocessing .
4			electronics	computer	network	ethernet	wireless	technology	networking	pcs	security			gadgets getting connected with dlna products expected soon that will connect via a new home networking specification backed by some of the world's largest consumer electronics and computer companies.
4			television	network	privacy	technology	networking	tv	security			briefly: edgestream introduces iptv platform roundup plus: dolby, intel sound off for updates instant wiretaps on feds' speed list...tellabs scales back afc buy.
1			election	politics	bribery	democracy	china	transparency	corruption	power	victory			indonesia 's yudhoyono hails victory, vows to tackle corruption ... jakarta : indonesian president elect susilo bambang yudhoyono on saturday delivered a long awaited victory speech, promising to immediately tackle corruption and regional conflicts.
2			boxing	baseball	fan	sport	football	kid	cancer	money			red sox fans really do cover the nation it's 5 a.m. in tashkent, uzbekistan. most people are sleeping or rubbing their eyes as they get ready for work. ric glaub and his friends, however, have their game faces on.
4			waste	recycling	chemicals	biotechnology	technology	energy	money	cost	industry			cytec pays $ 1.87b for ucb unit cytec industries said friday it will pay $ 1.87 billion to belgian chemical company ucb for its surface specialties unit, the wall street journal reported.
3			investor	investment	investing	market	stock	finance	strategy	risk	competition	money			bench pressed benchmarks are a big part of how investors make decisions. each quarter investors pore over the results from individual stocks, mutual funds and other types of portfolios and then compare them to an index, a broad basket of stocks in their category. if a stock or fund trails the benchmark's performance for only a quarter, a distressing number of investors sell. bad idea.
4			network	democracy	privacy	technology	broadband	internet	telecommunication	money			voip: today des moines, tomorrow the world federal ruling makes internet phone providers roll out services more actively.
1			election	politics	computer	democracy	network	technology	energy	computing			politically savvy it managers key to grid project success philadelphia information technology managers embarking on grid computing projects could get some tips from the candidates in this election season.
4			science	electronics	nano	genetics	biotechnology	technology	patent	cancer	physics			nanotech's new definition everyone seems to have a different definition of nanotechnology, each one deficient in its own way. missing links
2			baseball	eagle	sport	philadelphia	football			eagles open to rave reviews owens, westbrook and mcnabb have ... philadelphia for the philadelphia eagles, it was a case of in with the new, and also in with some of the old. for the new york giants, it was more of what has become the same stale story.
2			game	doping	olympics	athletics	sport	football	athlete	paralympics	paralympic	cycling			paralympics ceremony dropped after deaths the festive segment of the paralympic closing ceremony was canceled monday after seven teenagers were killed in a bus accident on the way to the games.
2			coaching	baseball	college	basketball	athletics	sport	recruiting	football	princeton	tennis			a fast track coach hops off at princeton instead of pursuing a glamour conference, joe scott moved to the ivy league, where players often are more talented in the classroom than they are on the basketball court.
2			coaching	baseball	statistics	college	michigan	basketball	sport	football			another loss to bc crushes notre dame its not surprising the notre dame players and coaches were using words like devastating, heartbreaking and unbelievable following saturdays 24 23 home loss to boston college.
3			revenue	trend	company	bloomberg	growth	finance	profit	competition	money			ny times cuts 04 profit targets new york times co. nyt on monday forecast third quarter and full year earnings below wall street 's average estimates, citing lower than expected revenue so far in september.
4			battery	electronics	technology	nokia	phone			nokia takes aim at fake batteries nokia on wednesday said it will put hologram labels on cell phone batteries as part of a move to help consumers avoid counterfeits.
2			coaching	baseball	senior	homecoming	basketball	athletics	sport	recruiting	football	quarterback			de la salle coach, players, take snapped streak in stride concord, calif. they lost for the first time since 1991, but there 's no bitterness on the de la salle high school football team.
1			election	politics	israel	violence	democracy	syria	censorship	religion	terrorism			letters: palestinian leadership the decision by marwan barghouti, an imprisoned palestinian leader, to run for president of the palestinian authority should be welcomed by all who want to see real democracy emerge in palestine barghouti faces fatah opposition, dec. 3 .
1			election	politics	violence	democracy	voting	brazil	chavez	venezuela			venezuela voters turn out in huge numbers voters turned out in huge numbers sunday to decide whether to keep populist president hugo chavez in power or oust him and his social revolution that critics say has sidelined the middle class and fueled tensions between rich and poor. activists on both sides set off huge firecrackers and played recorded bugle songs to wake voters hours before dawn...
4			mobile	technology	nokia	smartphone	ios	phone			the 6670, nokia 's new smartphone launching the latest addition to a now extensive line of smartphones, nokia has unveiled the megapixel enabled 6670 better described as the serious cousin of the 7610.
3			history	business	fact	debt	bank	finance	bankruptcy	competition	money			court approves interstate bakeries financing bankrupt interstate bakeries corp. ibc.n: quote, profile, research , maker of hostess twinkies and wonder bread, received court approval on thursday to incur new debt
1			politics	election	protester	washington	terrorism	activist	security	media			fbi tracks potential gop protesters with the republican national convention less than two weeks away, federal agents and city police are keeping tabs on activists and others they believe might try to cause trouble. they are making unannounced visits to people's homes, conducting interviews and monitoring web sites and meetings.
4			writing	electronics	science	computer	alien	technology	email	astronomy	physics			expert: writing best for contacting aliens writing, rather than phoning, is probably the best way to contact aliens, us scientists say. so instead of phoning home, it could have been more energy efficient if et had inscribed information
3			rival	business	buying	competitor	greed	retail	bankruptcy	competition	money			winn dixie names rival's ex executive ceo winn dixie stores inc. said on friday it ousted president and chief executive frank lazaran after about a year in the post after he failed to revive the grocer despite ordering 10,000 job cuts.
4			industry	ibm	computer	technology	performance	networking	patent	computing	linux			ibm 'blue gene' supercomputer goes on sale ibm nyse: ibm announced at the start of the annual sc supercomputing show saturday that it will now offer commercial configurations of its blue gene supercomputer, just days after its prototype configuration, which has been built for lawrence livermore national laboratory, took the high performance computing crown with a speed of over 70 teraflops a second.
1			politics	election	survival	violence	democracy	war	iraq	terrorism	genocide			as countdown goes on, so does the killing so, just the nine days to go. nine days for the sudanese government to clean up its act, disarm the janjaweed militia and make darfur safe for the 1.2 million people driven from their homes by the campaign
2			baseball	statistics	australia	rugby	volleyball	athletics	sport	basketball	football			tall blacks quarterfinal hopes dashed the new zealand men 's basketball team came within four points of a chance of remaining in the medal hunt at the olympics after a devastating 84 88 loss to spain tonight.
2			baseball	history	michigan	basketball	sport	nfl	football	detroit	lion			lions learn to win on road east rutherford, nj the road to respectability for the detroit lions has been, well, the road, ironic for a team that went three years and an nfl record 24 games without winning away from motown.
4			computer	hacking	chip	privacy	surgery	technology	biotechnology	health	cancer	healthcare			chip implant can be used to get health records us a computer chip that is implanted under the skin won us approval on wednesday for use in helping doctors quickly access a patient 's medical history.
4			flash	hacking	usb	storage	technology	copyright	patent	security	industry			sandisk sues stmicroelectronics company files patent infringement lawsuit and asks trade commission to halt shipment of rival's flash memory into united states.
3			insurance	statistics	business	investing	technology	company	finance	money	security			ss c enters the hedge zone financial services firms like citigroup nyse: c news , bank of america nyse: bac news , and morgan stanley nyse: mwd news want to offer just about everything. to do this requires huge investments in information technologies it . that's good news for enterprise software companies that focus on the financial services industry, such as advent software, inc. nasdaq: advs news and sungard nyse: sds news .
3			vegas	travel	business	tourism	technology	finance	money	logistics			cendant to pay $ 1.25 billion for orbitz with one deal, cendant corp. is moving from an also ran to one of the top players in the booming online travel business.
4			security	computer	hacking	privacy	technology	email	surveillance			spyware bill gets house nod anti spyware legislation sails through the house of representatives, with the bill's sponsor pressing to have both houses approve a law to reign in invasive computer programs by the end of the year. by michael grebb.
1			election	politics	war	democracy	syria	iran	iraq	terrorism			iraqi president throws support behind jan. 30 election president ghazi al yawer of iraq, an influential sunni muslim, threw his support yesterday behind holding the jan. 30 election on time despite insurgent threats he said have paralyzed voter registration in some sunni areas.
4			electronics	sony	computer	technology	tech	innovation	hollywood	industry			walkman stumbles in a meeting with executives from four hollywood studios this year, sony electronics brass laid it on the line: they were going ahead with technology for the next generation
1			politics	election	hunger	violence	democracy	war	peace	terrorism	food			baffling bulletins from the muqata all morning they emerged from yasser arafat 's prison with assurances that the ageing revolutionary was not done for yet. hanan ashrawi, the former peace negotiator, revealed that the president had managed to keep down a breakfast of cornflakes and milk.
4			windows	itunes	application	hardware	software	opera	technology	audio	linux			new media center os plays well windows xp media center 2005 connects smoothly with video and audio equipment.
4			linux	software	privacy	technology	vulnerability	networking	security	reliability			security flaws found in sp2 worries about how well sp2 will work with existing software, combined with concerns about possible security vulnerabilities, have led many corporates to hold back from installing the security update.
4			computer	hacking	intel	technology	microsoft	ibm	silicon	security	linux			intel nuances itanium; microsoft ignores it it 's no longer sun microsystems and ibm working to undermine the itanium processor. both the chip 's maker intel and close software partner microsoft are doing the dirty work now.
2			baseball	statistics	doping	athletics	sport	football	athlete	qatar	bahrain			qatari investment pays off as shaheen sets record qatar 's multimillion pound investment in importing sporting talent reaped some benefit when saif saeed shaheen broke the world record for 3,000 metres steeplechase in the memorial van damme in the stade roi baudouin here last night.
4			mobile	device	network	mobility	ethernet	technology	siemens	telecommunication			siemens records 1 gbit s over mobile transmission for the first time, data were transferred in real time via mobile communication at a speed of one gigabit per second gbit s , or 1,000 megabits per second mbit s .
4			virus	computer	hardware	technology	ai	intel	security	linux			amd 's mobile sempron takes on intel amd 's latest mobile amd sempron 3000 is set to go head to head with intel 's high end centrino cpus. the amd processor offers enhanced virus protection designed to prevent the spread of malicious viruses when
1			politics	america	election	history	war	democracy	immigration	iraq	terrorism			bush tries to mend ties with latin america president bush, trying to mend relations with latin america, pledged sunday to make a fresh push for stalled immigration reforms and defended the u.s. invasion of iraq, saying that history will prove it right.
3			business	investor	investing	shareholder	greed	strategy	finance	competition	money			the winners and losers in the at wireless deal the $ 41 billion cash purchase of redmond based at wireless by cingular, likely to close this week, means long term good news for customers, a decidedly mixed picture for shareholders and employees, and big payout to top at wireless executives.
4			technology	economics	tech	growth	strategy	profit	innovation	industry			getting beyond the next big thing mckinsey says a post boom tech industry can profit mightily by taking stock in the operations of many slower growth industries.
2			holmes	history	cycling	doping	athletics	sport	race	tennis	racing			holmes considers taking on double olympic hero kelly holmes is contemplating tackling another historic double in the two day iaaf world athletics final which begins in monaco today.
2			baseball	team	game	espn	athletics	sport	recruiting	football	texas	scheduling			football sites are set the miaa football committee yesterday announced the sites that will host postseason football contests. there will be six doubleheaders tuesday, nov. 30 at curry college
4			electronics	business	network	technology	telecommunication	networking	money	merger			after merger, gradual changes cell phone shoppers looking for new deals and features didn't find them yesterday, a day after sprint corp. and nextel communications inc. announced a merger that the phone companies promised would shake up the wireless business.
4			geek	electronics	computer	hacking	technology	tech	computing	linux			technology rules in 'world of tomorrow' you'd better hope your computer doesn't break down today, because every self respecting geek with $ 10 and a pulse will be queuing up to see sky captain and the world of tomorrow.
2			usa	america	baseball	soccer	sport	football	mexico			world cup qualifying 2006: us close to clinching berth in ... the usa moved one step closer to the final round of world cup 2006 qualifying in the concacaf zone with a rather easy 2 0 win over el salvador saturday night in san salvador.
4			technology	broadband	internet	telecommunication	spectrum			3 state utilities may offer internet via power lines clearing the way for homes and businesses to receive high speed internet services through their electrical outlets, the federal communications commission adopted rules this week that would enable the utility companies to offer an alternative to the
3			australia	business	revenue	growth	finance	profit	money	capital	industry			interview: telstra rev growth similar to 2h04 2 sydney dow jones telstra corp. 's tls revenue so far this fiscal year has been growing at a similar pace to the second half of 2003 04, chief financial officer john stanhope said monday.
4			hacking	network	ethernet	technology	cisco	networking	switch	security	linux			cisco warns routers, switches are vulnerable to denial of service ... cisco releases an advisory warning that certain devices running ios version 12.2s software can be disabled by hackers. by preston gralla, networking pipeline.
4			mobile	security	tracking	privacy	wireless	technology	sprint	phone			sprint offering wireless tracking devices sprint corp. said monday it is coming out with a suite of services aimed at helping companies better manage cell phones and pdas they issue to employees, including a feature to remotely erase sensitive information from devices that are lost or stolen.
4			ibm	pc	computer	business	china	microsoft	technology	patent	industry			ibm looks to keep customers after pc division sale after agreeing to sell its pc division to china's lenovo group, ibm now faces the task of keeping its corporate and government customers from abandoning its standard setting brand.
4			product	compliance	technology	marketing	retail	security	industry			sun unveils mock wal mart distribution center sun, an early leader in support of rfid, announced today the creation of a retail compliance test center that will simulate a wal mart distribution center in order to evaluate rfid tag compliance for vendors.
4			computer	hardware	technology	hp	networking	ibm	intel	computing	linux			nec updates vector supercomputer com october 21, 2004, 5:09 am pt. zdnet 's survey of it professionals in october kept upgrading hardware at number two on the businesses radar throughout the year.
1			politics	history	violence	democracy	war	race	religion	god	pride			and the beat this time there was no inspiring rally, nothing that could be labeled a moral victory and no reason for the crowd of 17,595 not to voice its displeasure with a chorus of boos.
2			baseball	hockey	india	basketball	volleyball	sport	football	cricket	pakistan			india take seventh place in olympic hockey former hockey force pakistan finished the olympics in fifth place on friday while egypt slumped out of the tournament 12th.
4			product	symbol	business	technology	innovation	patent	industry			symbol technologies launches new family of enterprise class ... company tm , today introduced the first in a new family of durable enterprise digital assistant eda products specifically designed for business essential applications within the enterprise environment.
1			election	britain	politics	war	democracy	iraq	religion	strategy	terrorism			blair defends iraq war, urges party to heal rifts british prime minister tony blair tried yesterday to heal divisions over the iraq war and unite his labour party to fight for a historic third term in power.
1			election	politics	campaign	democracy	voting	poll	candidate	afghanistan	campaigning			security, poverty, reconstruction emerge as key issues as election ... campaigning in afghanistan 's presidential election officially began today. afghan transitional administration chairman hamid karzai and his 17 opponents have 30 days to try to win support from more than 10 million registered voters.
4			statistics	hacking	computer	technology	company	tech	corporation	money	security	industry			us blue chips hurt by alcoa, but techs rise us blue chips were knocked lower on friday by a profit warning from aluminum maker alcoa inc. , but tech stocks gained after a judge rejected a government bid to block a takeover of peoplesoft inc.
4			software	privacy	technology	vulnerability	encryption	microsoft	security	windows			microsoft to create security suite? microsoft announced today that it had bought new york software company giant company software, which produces a robust anti spyware tool.
3			business	china	technology	marketing	greed	commerce	finance	money			former dot com commerce one eyes closure commerce one inc., an internet software maker valued at 20 billion at the peak of dot com mania, is poised to go out of business as a pauper.
2			medal	beijing	game	olympic	china	olympics	sport	event			olympics: cut it out, give it back, cool the hype calls of cut it out and give it back competed with a hot united states vs. china medals race thursday as the 28th olympiad in athens went into its final days with over 70 medals still to be won.
4			battery	flash	device	usb	technology	storage	card	memory	sony			sony speeds up memory stick cards starting in october, the company will begin selling higher speed cards that transfer data at rates of up to 80mbps.
4			network	connectivity	mobility	broadband	bandwidth	technology	wireless	networking	patent			bluetooth group releases three year road map bluetooth products will have triple the bandwidth and be able to multicast to seven devices in future releases, according to bluetooth backers, who defend the technology against ultrawideband and other approaches to short range wireless.
1			politics	election	israel	result	detail	sharon	candidate	afghanistan	party			sharon wins key vote on alliance for gaza plan israeli prime minister ariel sharon 's likud party agreed on thursday to a possible alliance with opposition labour in a vote that averted a snap election and strengthened his gaza withdrawal plan.
4			watch	electronics	gaming	privacy	technology	wireless			microsoft, swatch offer new wireless watches microsoft corp. and watch maker swatch are offering a new line of wireless data watches, the companies said on wednesday, bringing the era of dick tracy wristwatch radios one step closer.
4			windows	pc	computer	hardware	technology	microsoft	pcs	computing	linux			microsoft snatches pda market lead from palmsource microsoft corp. led the market in the third quarter for operating systems used in personal digital assistants, surpassing for the first time the palm os that dominated the handheld computer segment for years.
4			electronics	geek	computer	wired	gaming	technology	tech	networking	linux			wired tools 2004 the coolest geek shopping list ever: 129 of the best screens, cams, phones, games and gadgets of the year, from wired magazine.
2			baseball	statistics	graduation	basketball	sport	recruiting	football	eligibility			edelin ruled ineligible syracuse point guard billy edelin has been declared ineligible for the first semester of the academic year because he does not meet ncaa academic eligibility requirements, school officials said tuesday.
3			trend	sale	marketing	target	stock	retailer	competition	retail			target posts higher quarterly profit target corp. , the no. 2 u.s. discount retailer, on thursday posted a higher quarterly profit, boosted by stronger sales and gains from the sale of its mervyn's department store chain.
1			politics	election	israel	candidate	palestine			palestinians open election process to select candidate to replace ... palestinians formally opened the campaign to replace yasser arafat yesterday as candidates aspiring to replace the long time leader began seeking signatures to qualify for the january 9 ballot.
4			science	computer	war	technology	time	robot	space			irobot readies for war and the household whether mopping up a battlefield or living room floor, the robot maker is working on vehicle to get the job done.
2			politics	coaching	baseball	basketball	sport	football	money			isiah thomas, nobody 's fool, won 't coach these knicks with the knicks shedding assistant coaches like a volcano emits warning rumbles, and the nets reverting back to the bad old days, it could be a long winter for new york.
1			politics	election	democracy	china	progress	transition	corruption	change			burma 's power change causes concern about progress toward ... the dismissal of burma 's prime minister khin nyunt is causing concern that it may set back efforts to move the country toward democracy after more than 40 years of military dictatorship.
2			coaching	tampa	baseball	orlando	florida	espn	basketball	sport	football	coach			florida classic: record day fails to make rattler feel any better none of ben dougherty 's half dozen touchdowns come during the fourth quarter of famu 's loss. by ibram rogers. orlando it was florida a senior quarterback ben dougherty 's last chance to beat bethune cookman.
2			coaching	baseball	basketball	sport	veteran	nfl	football	quarterback	linebacker			nfl roundup flutie eases back in after knee surgery an diego chargers quarterback doug flutie participated yesterday in his first full practice since having arthroscopic surgery on his left knee aug. 5.
4			symbol	mobility	technology	trademark	recognition	patent			symbol launches new pocket pc with wireless lan symbol technologies, inc. has introduced the first in a new family of what they call durable enterprise digital assistant eda products specifically designed for business essential applications within the enterprise environment.
4			america	computer	technology	economics	company	tech	oil	money	industry			us shares take a tumble on oil prices wall street shares slid on tuesday as oil prices surged higher and investors sensed weaknesses in the technology sector.
1			election	america	abortion	politics	iraq	religion	terrorism			9 11 kin vouch for bush, kerry in tv ads relatives of people who lost loved ones in the sept. 11 terrorist attacks vouch for president bush or democrat john kerry in new tv ads that try to persuade voters that just one of the two would best lead the country in a time or terrorism.
4			electronics	music	privacy	technology	piracy	innovation	sony			the playlist: sony and mp3, together at last the consumer electronics giant is finally ready to build mp3 players that play mp3s. what does that mean to the industry?
2			politics	history	olympics	sport	race	football	rowing	swimming	cycling			olympic gold provides inspiration britain 's olympic success and gold medal tally gives the papers an excuse to wax lyrical on sunday. matthew pinsent 's fourth rowing gold and his team 's success in the coxless four is the cause of many oar some puns.
4			electronics	radio	radiation	radar	technology	energy	weapon	antenna			air force looks at new microwave weapon the air force expects planes will be able to fire non lethal microwave rays at enemy ground troops with the help of a new superconducting generator system developed at wright patterson air force base after about 25 years of research.
3			business	china	sale	technology	growth	finance	innovation	money	recession			cisco 's chambers forecasts slowing second quarter sales growth cisco systems inc. chief executive officer john chambers said sales growth will slow this quarter and it 's too early to say whether customers are becoming more optimistic about the economy.
2			baseball	money	football			koskie good fit for jays some of his former teammates said he didn 't want to come. people close to the negotiations were doubtful he would come.
3			revenue	trend	sale	marketing	growth	profit	money	industry			best buy's 3q earnings climb 21 percent best buy company inc., the nation's largest electronics retailer, said on wednesday that third quarter earnings rose 21 percent, but gave hints that profits during the holiday selling season may not be quite what analysts were hoping for.
4			electronics	recycling	computer	safety	manufacturing	usb	technology			laser printers recalled for shock hazard cpsc about 39,400 laser printers made by lexmark international inc. and sold by ibm and dell inc. are being recalled in the united states because of a potential electrical shock hazard, the consumer product safety commission said on tuesday.
4			computer	hacking	privacy	technology	security			bush urged to get to grips with cybersecurity a cybersecurity group yesterday called on us president george bush to invest more in it issues and to make the top it security job a bigger posting.
4			electronics	recycling	biotechnology	technology	nfc	sensor	innovation	security			odin aims to lead rfid technology rfid tags, the dime sized devices that can track inventory from the factory to the store, are being embraced as one of the hottest of new technologies.
4			roaming	network	connectivity	mobility	privacy	technology	telecommunication	carrier			wireless carriers ink international roaming deal while there is some concern that roaming fees, which are being waived until the end of the year, will later be reimposed, ken dulaney of gartner does not think this is likely, because the agreement
2			politics	shoe	baseball	brown	sport	race	football	money			brown returns to job while lights are out larry brown was in the building, he brought a suit, and a special high backed chair was set up at the end of the pistons bench.
4			computer	privacy	car	technology	money			the phone that knows you better than you do if you thought predictive texting was impressive, you ain 't seen nothing yet. a cellphone is on the way that can predict what you are about to do.
1			election	politics	democracy	possibility	option	afghanistan			afghans hail chance for a choice bazarak, afghanistan br like virtually every adult in this panjshir valley village, rahmal beg registered to vote weeks ago. indeed, popular enthusiasm is so high for the oct. 9 presidential election the first in afghan history that thousands of people in the valley have reportedly...
3			business	management	marketing	strategy	finance	nasa	money	logistics			mission fantastic to mars this is part 2 of a five part series covering the experiences of key participants in the mars exploration rover mission. jpl and nasa have developed a structured way of doing business over the years. when you have a schedule crunch like we had, it puts a lot of pressure on that approach and it's almost impossible to do.
1			politics	america	history	war	democracy	peace	strategy	terrorism			how would they end the war? president bush and john kerry have said little more than that each will end the war the right way and his opponent will not.
4			ethernet	technology	apple	networking	intel	linux			intel eyes tri mode wi fi fulfilling a long time goal, intel is set to introduce this week its first chipset that supports all three current forms of wi fi, according to sources familiar with the announcement.
4			computer	learning	collaboration	music	technology	tech	innovation	education			culturally worlds apart, children touch musically a simulcast music exchange at carnegie hall on saturday showed how technology can transform social studies and musical collaboration.
4			mobile	device	wireless	smartphone	nfc	technology	nokia	phone			nokia signs up for sd memory card bowing to the growing popularity of the secure digital memory card standard, nokia has signed a licensing agreement to use sd cards in its cell phones.
2			baseball	basketball	sport	golf	football	car	seat	racing			sportsview: plenty of seats to see bonds there were still plenty, way too many, good seats available.
4			battery	computer	hardware	technology	power	performance	intel	linux			transmeta's m8800 efficeon processor powers down new version of the efficeon processor uses only 3 watts of power at 1 ghz speed.
4			application	java	software	technology	oracle	ai	apps			oracle sets its sights on small biz software giant unveils apps for companies with limited it resources.
4			electronics	television	nothing	technology	tv	intel			intel tv chip is delayed intel said it will delay its highly anticipated television chips, based on liquid crystal on silicon, or lcos, technology, which promises to deliver large screen tvs at a price point half of what they cost today. the chipmaker said the ...
2			sport	safety	football			not a perfect match when does winning 18 consecutive games matter less than winning 17? when no. 17 is a super bowl triumph that caps the first undefeated season in nfl history a season in which the team leads the league in total offense, total defense, points scored, and points allowed. members of the 1972 miami dolphins are quick to mention that their ...
4			transition	technology	strategy	innovation	change			gartner issues 10 cio resolutions for 2005 reassess your role, embrace change and make a backup plan. that's the advice gartneranalysts are giving to it professionals on how to approach the coming year.
2			baseball	history	basketball	athletics	sport	soccer	nfl	football			cleveland has nothing to lose vs. patriots this area is footballs mecca he hall of fame is about an hour away, in canton the fans here have been deprived of good football for so long.
1			politics	election	campaign	ms	gov	romney	washington	republican			wash. gop gubernatorial candidate ahead republican dino rossi kept a razor thin lead in the washington governor's race as counties raced a wednesday deadline for recounting 2.8 million ballots and girded for yet another possible recount.
4			electronics	computer	movie	technology	power	hp	money			first look: hp's hefty media center notebook pavilion zd8000 is a tv lover's dream, but it's no lightweight and it doesn't come cheap.
2			pittsburgh	baseball	giant	chicago	basketball	sport	football	detroit	lion			week 7 judgements: the lions streak tonight when we talk about winning streaks, all we hear about is new england. but how about some equal time for the detroit lions? brock marion and the lions barrel into giants stadium to steamroll jeremy shockey and company.
1			politics	violence	war	peace	warfare	iraq	conflict	terrorism			blair win would endorse war: pm the re election of british prime minister tony blair would be seen as an endorsement of the military action in iraq, prime minister john howard said today.
4			network	connectivity	music	privacy	technology	wireless	networking	sony			sony 's 1gb built in memory mp3 supporting walkman launched sony today announces the launch of 2 new network walkman models. available from the end of november, the nw e95 and nw e99 will be competitively priced and will allow consumers the freedom to transfer atrac3plus and mp3 files.
3			business	privacy	investing	technology	advertising	google	money			staying power of google inc.? time will tell investors who got in on the ground floor of google inc. 's public stock offering might be tempted to pop some champagne corks right about now.
1			p	politics	election	history	war	time			bush's national guard file missing records documents that should have been written to explain gaps in president bush's texas air national guard service are missing from the military records released about his service in 1972 and 1973, according to regulations and outside experts. for example, air national guard regulations at the time required commanders to write an investigative report for the air force when bush missed his annual medical exam in 1972...
4			device	ethernet	hardware	technology	storage	performance	networking	memory	silicon	space			spansion maps out future for 8gbit memory parts spansion, the flash memory joint venture between amd and fujitsu has laid out its plans to develop 8gbit memory parts based on 65nm lithography.
4			electronics	manufacturing	chip	technology	tech	semiconductor	patent	silicon	industry			tech shares close higher technology shares closed mostly higher monday, with semiconductor related stocks extending the gains made last week as artisan components soared on word that uk based arm holdings agreed to buy the chip design company.
4			technology	marketing	option	pricing	information	advertising	optimization	strategy	competition			making informed search keyword choices making informed search keyword choices marketers stake much of their livelihood on keywords, whether for proper search engine optimization or targeted pay per click advertising. one challenge faced by inexperienced marketers involves knowing which phrases to target out of hundreds of combinations. often, one will find terms which look good, but later testing reveals ...
2			coaching	baseball	history	basketball	sport	football	quarterback	offense			tapp has a firm grip on hokies lunch pail when defensive end darryl tapp gets his hands on something, it 's almost impossible to get him to let it go. that includes quarterbacks, running backs and an important piece of virginia tech tradition.
1			election	politics	democracy	germany	austria	russia	dr	party			schroeder 's party routed in german vote chancellor gerhard schroeder 's party was routed in elections sunday in the small western state of saarland, where public anger over his cuts in social programs also boosted a small
4			trend	technology	evolution	growth	google			google 's ipo price set at $ 85 before debut san jose, california ap on the cusp of its voyage into public trading, google 's initial stock price was set at $ 85 and its market value calculated at $ 23 billion less than originally expected, but still impressive for a 6 year old dot com ...
3			trading	inflation	speculation	company	stock	growth	profit	competition	money	earnings			stocks down on coke warning u.s. stocks were lower on wednesday after a profit warning from coca cola co. renewed investors' doubts about earnings growth in the second half of the year.
2			boxing	marathon	athletics	race	sport	football	athlete	tennis	cycling			gatlin gun fires in a rage a fiery backroom altercation with an athletics official just before the olympic 100m final spurred justin gatlin to win gold out of anger in one of the fastest races in history.
4			processor	mobile	device	mobility	chip	hardware	intel			amd adds mobile processor to athlon 64 lineup 2ghz chip is the highest performing processor in amd's family of low power mobile amd athlon 64 products.
4			electronics	chip	technology	silicon	intel			another product delay at intel intel originally announced it had developed chip technology for high definition big screen televisions at the annual consumer electronics show in january. it originally expected that it would ship the tv chip by the end of the year, but ...
4			computer	chip	hardware	intel	technology	apple	hp	silicon	linux			troubled intel places bet on a new breed of chip san francisco the president of intel, paul otellini, outlined plans tuesday for computer chips due next year that simultaneously run tasks such as burning cds and playing video games as he seeks to allay concerns about product delays.
2			baseball	soccer	athletics	sport	volleyball	basketball	football			uconn still gets a kick out of women's soccer when people talk about sports at the university of connecticut, the subject most likely is basketball. men's or women's, it really doesn't matter, since both teams won the national championship last season. but there's another sport on campus that, although it doesn't grab as many headlines, is just as well respected in its circles.
4			computer	pc	linux	technology	ip	ibm	pcs	computing	windows			gateway returns to pc roots company discontinues many consumer electronics lines to focus on pcs and profitability.
4			ibm	linux	technology	hp	patent	research	productivity	computing	industry			hp developing 'smart rack' to ease data center work company shows off labor saving data center technology at palo alto research lab.
4			hacking	software	privacy	technology	encryption	vulnerability	networking	security	linux			ballmer security pitch leaves skeptics unswayed cyber threats, chiefly viruses like netsky and sasser, make security an ongoing concern as it holds steady over software infrastructure as the third top priority.
4			processor	chip	intel	technology	apple	memory	silicon	linux			intel in new chip breakthrough intel creates a more powerful memory chip without increasing its size, confounding warnings that the firm had hit its technical limits.
4			computer	technology	power	communication	tech	telecommunication	energy	transportation	security			convention boasts miles of technology the republican national convention has more than 40,000 miles of cabling to operate high speed computer systems, telephone lines and live television broadcasts.
1			politics	america	election	democrat	kerry	mccain	republican	money			kerry tells donors he's ready to fight democrat john kerry reminded his hometown supporters at a 3 million fund raiser saturday night that he's come from behind to win elections before.
2			coaching	baseball	injury	cb	espn	basketball	sport	boston	nfl	football			dolphins wr boston suspended four games miami dolphins wide receiver david boston was suspended by the nfl for four games for testing positive for steroids, but he will not miss any games because he is out for the season with a knee injury.
4			network	mobility	europe	germany	technology	broadband	internet	telecommunication			nielsen counts 54.5 million broadband users in europe the number of people in europe surfing the internet over a broadband connection reached 54.5 million in october 2004 an increased of 60 from 34.1 million a year earlier according to the latest report from nielsen netratings.
1			election	abortion	politics	israel	democracy	egypt	poll	candidate	terrorism			peres calls for early general election the leader of the opposition labour party in israel, shimon peres, has called for an early general election.
4			industry	news	australia	television	technology	communication	telecommunication	media			chief executive of australian communications giant to step down australia's biggest company, the part state owned telecom telstra corp ltd., announced its chief executive ziggy switkowski would step down in 2005, two years short of the end of his contract.
2			coaching	baseball	statistics	espn	postseason	basketball	sport	recruiting	football	competition			tcu hoping to play in postseason tcu has gone from trying to become the first outsider to bust into the bowl championship series to just hoping for a chance to play in the postseason.
4			security	computer	hacking	privacy	technology	encryption	internet	surveillance			computer security survey finds awareness gap most computer users believe they are safe from online threats even as their machines fall victim to viruses and spyware, according to a survey.
4			computer	privacy	broadband	technology	internet	bandwidth	networking			aol creates its own browsing software as part of its reincarnation, america online inc. is creating its own software for browsing the web and playing movies and songs. it's a question of staying relevant in an increasingly broadband world.
2			america	baseball	history	soccer	basketball	sport	football			patriots ride defense to 19th straight victory an unspectacular afternoon of football provided the finishing touches on one of pro football 's more remarkable achievements. and in a strange way, yesterday 's rather mundane 24 10
4			electronics	recycling	computer	television	manufacturing	technology	internet	industry			dixons ditches the video recorder high street electrical retailer dixons is ditching the vcr because of falling sales and the increased popularity of newer technology.
3			product	trade	trend	sale	marketing	retailer	ft	consumer	retail			retailers' nov. same store sales rise major u.s. retailers reported modest gains in november sales on thursday, as discounting lured customers, but high energy prices and nagging concerns about a soggy job market kept buying in check.
4			electronics	lcd	computer	electricity	television	technology	tv			toshiba, m'shita lcd venture to make big tv panels an lcd joint venture between toshiba corp. and matsushita electric industrial co. said on wednesday it would start making large tv displays early next year, entering a rapidly expanding but crowded market.
4			statistics	business	privacy	microsoft	marketing	technology	strategy	money			briefly: microsoft sets holiday xbox bundle roundup plus: palmsource settles digeo patent suit...maxtor loses its cfo again...profits, revenue climb at rambus.
4			mobile	privacy	technology	smartphone	tv	phone			phone makers turn on mobile tv imagine turning on your mobile phone to watch breaking news or an entertainment program. the idea could soon become reality following an announcement last week that five of the world 's largest mobile phone
1			election	abortion	politics	democrat	democracy	health	republican	cancer	money			kerry hunts for votes; trade shots with bush on health john kerry literally went hunting for the support of gun lovers and then tapped the power of superman to trade shots with president george w. bush on health, as the two scouted votes that could swing a race still too close to call.
4			ibm	computer	manufacturing	technology	apple	patent	intel	computing	industry			ibm to unveil graphics processing chip cell report ibm ibm later today is expected to announce the limited production plans for a chip for home entertainment products, the wall street journal reported.
3			ceo	executive	shareholder	bonus	greed	finance	profit	corporation	accounting	money			ca execs hold on to their bonuses a proposal to claw back bonuses paid to executives under the cloud of an accounting scandal has been rejected by computer associates shareholders.
2			coaching	preseason	baseball	patriot	practice	sport	nfl	football	quarterback			lined up for an early start the patriots start preparation for thursday's season opener today, treating practice as they would a wednesday session during a week leading up to a sunday game. led by head coach bill belichick , they move on to the regular season with little reflection of the five weeks of training camp.
2			baseball	australia	soccer	basketball	sport	golf	football	cricket	cricketer			keith miller passes away, aged 84 australian cricket legend keith miller passed away peacefully today, aged 84, in a nursing home on the mornington peninsula, south of melbourne.
4			computer	itunes	software	technology	copyright	education	linux			for itunes, it pays to be french com september 15, 2004, 7:35 am pt. this fourth priority 's main focus has been improving or obtaining crm and erp software for the past year and a half.
1			election	politics	result	democracy	china	political	corruption	candidate	party			dashed hopes in hong kong pro democracy parties in hong kong have expressed disappointment at the outcome of sunday 's parliamentary elections. the pro democracy camp secured 25 seats on the
4			mobile	hacking	ios	technology	email			aol wants developers to get the message the push is on to get instant messenger software on more and more mobile phones.
2			boxing	baseball	basketball	sport	music	football	softball	money	tennis			george johnson on sports: nfl, baseball, wnba description: george johnson talks about the nfl, wnba playoffs, baseball pennant races and other sports headlines. there 's the music which means it 's time to bounce.
3			statistics	investor	sale	company	stock	growth	finance	profit	money	earnings			fortis earnings beat forecasts financial group fortis has reported a bigger than expected rise in earnings and says it is growing more upbeat about 2004, with both its banking and insurance units posting strong gains.
4			electronics	computer	manufacturing	privacy	technology	innovation	consumer	silicon	industry			digital assistants continue to lose ground shipments of personal digital assistants declined for the third consecutive quarter as large vendors continued ceding the depressed market to smaller electronics makers, the research firm idc said wednesday.
2			baseball	football			this is how its done navy beat army by two years yesterday, tying the rivalry at an almost poetic 49 49 7. for while the midshipmen hired their reparative coach fully three decembers ago, the
1			election	politics	inflation	statistics	democracy	economics	finance	money	blair			uk economic boom may bolster blair as election deadline nears uk prime minister tony blair, whose approval rating slumped because of his support for the iraq war, may win an unprecedented third term as voters give him credit for an expanding economy and falling unemployment, polls show.
4			computer	memory	privacy	technology	photo	photography			google delves deep within your computer with new desktop tool the good news? your computer can now have a photographic memory. the bad news? your computer can now have a photographic memory. this secretly sourced and powerfully protected photographic memory actually
4			network	connectivity	ethernet	technology	routing	cisco	telecommunication	networking	patent			in brief: cisco acquires startup bcn systems cisco systems has finalized an agreement to purchase privately held bcn systems, a provider of networking software design. under the terms of the agreement, cisco will pay approximately 34 million in cash for bcn. the price could increase by as much as 122 million if bcn meets certain development and product milestones. bcn's architecture will be incorporated across cisco's broad routing portfolio and will support cisco's delivery of next generation data, voice, and video services over a converged network.
2			coaching	baseball	espn	sport	nfl	football	time	scheduling	pt			work to be done in time off the patriots pulled within one game of the nfl record for consecutive victories with a 23 12 win over the cardinals sunday, but coach bill belichick was not satisfied with the team's performance.
2			coaching	kobe	baseball	jazz	volleyball	sport	basketball	football	nba	tennis			basketball: sore shaq finds his new kobe as wade keeps heat ... washington : a strained left hamstring hinders shaquille o neal, but the mighty center and his new kobe bryant olympian guard dwayne wade have sparked the unbeaten miami heat to its best start since 1995.
4			business	technology	microsoft	company	internet	ibm	email	industry			ibm plans web meeting service, takes aim at webex ibm plans to offer web conferencing as a hosted internet service, seeking to reach small and medium sized business customers while taking on more established rivals in the market, the company said on tuesday.
4			computer	hardware	intel	technology	hp	pcs	silicon	computing	linux			hp discontinues its itanium workstations the intel chip, once expected to dominate the server market and even creep into pcs, takes yet another knock.
4			privacy	technology	smartphone	patent	blackberry	ios			court upholds patent ruling against maker of blackberry a united states appeals court upheld a finding of patent infringement against research in motion ltd., which makes the blackberry data device.
4			electronics	battery	technology	smartphone	consumer	phone			pda sales continue to drop consumers are giving pdas the hand as they move toward smart phones.
4			science	computer	computing	technology	internet	ethics	ibm	research	ai	education			top researchers ask web users to join science grid ibm and top scientific research organizations are joining forces in a humanitarian effort to tap the unused power of millions of computers and help solve complex social problems.
4			computer	convergence	privacy	technology	storage	networking	logistics	security			security, storage to merge when solution providers look back on symantec 's acquisition of veritas software, they will likely remember it as the moment security and storage officially became joined at the hip.
1			election	america	politics	history	democrat	democracy	republican	money			markets up when democrats win a win by democratic challenger john kerry in next week 's us presidential election may give stocks a lift, if history is any guide.
4			data	learning	technology	innovation	patent	research	education			report: learning is key to grid success grid computing looks to have a promising future if vendors can continue to educate it departments about its benefits.
2			coaching	baseball	retirement	basketball	sport	nfl	football			shockey struggling with new giants offense playing tight end for tom coughlin has taken the fun and the big play out of football for two time pro bowl tight end jeremy shockey of the new york giants.
4			ibm	computer	grid	storage	technology	hp	patent	computing	linux			sidebar: hp's grid storage initiative leads the way hewlett packard was the first company to offer a grid storage device, but others are moving to catch up.
4			electronics	computer	intel	technology	ai	silicon	computing	linux			amd demos first dual core processor advanced micro devices inc. amd has demonstrated the company 's first dual core microprocessors at its austin, texas, office, the company said tuesday.
4			privacy	technology	web	microsoft	email			netscape aims beyond firefox com november 17, 2004, 5:02 pm pt. this priority retains its ranking at number five as more and more companies deploy web services to share business logic, data and processes with each other and with clients.
4			management	software	technology	automation	strategy	optimization	ai	security	industry			briefly: microsoft tests windows marketplace roundup plus: nortel delays financials again...microsoft updates sharepoint...overture heads toward automation.
2			baseball	sport	nfl	football	philadelphia	detroit	lion			philadelphia visits surprising lions in game featuring two ... they beat the minnesota vikings in the 13th game of the 2001 season, guaranteeing the lions would not be the nfl 's first 0 16 team.
4			electronics	computer	movie	photo	technology	photographer	camera	photography	industry			dell green lights photo printers pc maker expanding printer business with new photo printers. digital cameras also a possibility.
3			income	revenue	sale	marketing	apple	money	earnings	industry			apple reports fourth quarter results for its fiscal 2004 fourth quarter, apple posted a net profit of $ 106 million, or $ .26 per diluted share. these results compare to a profit of $ 44 million, or $ .12 per share, a year ago. revenue for the quarter was $ 2.35 billion, up 37 from a year ago. gross margin was 27, up from 26.6 last year. international sales accounted for 37 of revenue. oct 13
4			electronics	nano	battery	technology	power	nec	energy	carbon	silicon			nec positions carbon nanotubes for prime time nec corp. has developed a method of positioning tiny tubes of carbon in a way that, 10 years from now, will make circuits run faster and consume less power than the fastest and most powerful silicon chips, the company said on thursday.
3			acquisition	ceo	trend	business	pricing	restaurant	retail	merger			yum executive quits for kmart yum! brands inc. operations chief aylwin lewis has resigned from the louisville restaurant company to become president and chief executive officer of discount retailer kmart.
4			electronics	radio	computer	television	software	music	technology	money			homemade sat radio software bump a canadian programmer who subscribes to satellite radio writes a little piece of software allowing him to record shows directly onto his pc. then he sells the program to others. now the riaa and xm radio are busy figuring out how to bust him for it.
1			election	politics	protest	democracy	syria	iran	poll	iraq			push to postpone iraqi elections spreads several iraqi political parties on friday called on the interim government to postpone the january national election for at least six months, until the safety of voters can be guaranteed.
1			politics	controversy	democrat	delay	time	bias	republican			prosecutor blasts gop for shielding delay a texas prosecutor who is leading an investigation into possible illegal campaign spending lashed out at congressional republicans on tuesday for changing their rules in order to protect house majority leader tom delay.
2			baseball	television	sport	tv	money			field of dreams turned out all wet on a night when there would be no playoff baseball, there was a desperate need for any sort of show. curt schilling merely walking to the bullpen served the purpose.
1			election	britain	politics	england	labour	democracy	conservative	power	blair			blair ally handed key role in british cabinet reshuffle british prime minister tony blair reshuffled his cabinet, bringing back a key ally to lead labour's campaigning ahead of a general election, expected in spring 2005.
4			battery	electronics	lighting	taiwan	technology	industry			lamp makers: tight supply of projector and rptv lamps to persist ... a tight supply of lamps for front projectors and rear projection tvs rptvs is likely to persist through 2005 as taiwan based projector makers are increasing their shipments of rptv optical engines, said lamp makers ushio, royal philips electronics and
1			politics	election	controversy	bribery	democracy	transparency	corruption	fraud	victory	money			malaysia 's anwar confident of courts malaysia 's former deputy leader said wednesday he is confident of victory when his country 's highest court reconsiders his conviction on corruption charges, arguing that his opponents have no case.
4			privacy	technology	wireless	internet	broadband	telecommunication	networking	patent			company claims first true wimax chip wireless broadband systems should be available next year, wavesat says.
4			electronics	battery	linux	intel	technology	apple	semiconductor	silicon	industry			intel cancels plan to enter digital tv chip market san francisco : intel corp. on thursday said it has scrapped plans to enter the digital television chip business, marking a retreat from a major component of its consumer electronics initiative.
4			wikipedia	hacking	linux	privacy	technology	security	windows			firefox web browser fast forward columnist rob pegoraro discusses the firefox web browser and answers personal technology questions from readers.
3			insurance	money	security	business			berkshire takes stake in pier 1 fellow fool alyce lomax and i need to debate pier 1 imports nyse: pir . between alyce covering the company warnings and me advising not to jump off the pier, there has been little good news to report. is pier 1 ready to get ...
4			secure	windows	computer	software	privacy	technology	encryption	microsoft	security	linux			microsoft shares office source code software giant hopes to convince governments that its products are secure.
2			coaching	concussion	injury	espn	basketball	brown	sport	football			seahawks brown breaks his leg, expected to miss four games seattle seahawks linebacker chad brown, a three time pro bowl selecltion, broke his left leg during practice monday. head coach mike holmgren said doctors believe brown likely will miss the first four games of the regular season.
2			soccer	athletics	sport	basketball	volleyball	brazil	tennis	woman			beach volleyball: brazilians aim for podium again brazil have had two women's teams on the beach volleyball podium at the last two olympics and moved a step closer to a hat trick tuesday.
4			electronics	computer	software	privacy	technology	sound	music	audio			first look: roku's sleek audio streamer soundbridge m2000 eloquently frees your digital tunes from the pc, but it's pricey.
3			revenue	sale	technology	company	telecommunication	growth	competition	money	industry			nortel says 3rd qtr revenue will fall from 2nd qtr nortel networks corp., north america 's largest telephone equipment maker, said sales growth this year will lag that of competitors and predicted third quarter revenue will fall from the second period 's $ 2.
2			olympics	medal	sport	woman			time out for acuff amy acuff won 't leave the olympics with a medal, but she will leave with thoughts of what could have been. the calallen high school graduate settled for fourth, but
3			mobile	business	three	china	technology			customer boost for 3 despite loss third generation mobile phone network 3 reports a rise in its uk customer base to 1.2 million but its hong kong parent firm is hit by heavy 3g losses.
4			network	wireless	technology	nokia	networking	intel	phone	linux			nokia, intel team on symbian phones zdnet 's survey of it professionals in august kept wired wireless on top for the 18th month in a row. intel and nokia will jointly develop smart phones that run on the symbian operating system, unveiling
4			computer	hacking	hacked	software	technology	encryption	cisco	piracy	security			it's cisco source code up for sale the source code club hackers are back, selling what they claim are files of cisco firewall software.
1			politics	america	election	history	life	democracy	kerry	money			post election blues, driven ever fwd into the past forty eight percent of the nation is still sad and upset about the defeat of john kerry, and you know so because they won't stop forwarding the same few links, cartoons and manifestoes to you, over and over again, as if it were 1998 and the web were still new and you cheerfully opened every e mail you received.
2			overtime	controversy	hockey	sport	football	player	play	canada			oshl denies it has suspended play the original stars hockey league is denying it has suspended play, saying a statement released wednesday with league letter head was not legitimate.
4			glass	computer	privacy	technology	space	architecture	security	windows			building green kristen galfetti's small glass office at the new genzyme corp. headquarters in cambridge has two doors. one allows access from the hall, and the other opens onto a four foot wide walkway on the building's perimeter.
2			boxing	game	doping	olympics	athletics	sport	race	tennis	woman	event			olympics: 'people power' stops games event, holmes wins people's power stopped a gymnastics contest when judges' scoring destroyed russian alexei nemov's medal chances on monday, while briton kelly holmes shattered maria mutola's dream of consecutive 800 meters titles.
4			mobile	network	privacy	technology	internet	networking	email	linux			sk telecom previews file sharing for 3g phones south korean mobile operator sk telecom co. ltd. previewed a file sharing application for cell phones this week that will let users swap files, including ring tones, music and videos over its 3g third generation network.
4			developer	application	java	software	technology	microsoft	tool	windows			microsoft previews whitehorse developer tools microsoft released on tuesday a preview version of new tools intended to make it easier for companies to create custom web applications.
3			product	acquisition	business	sale	company	loss	profit	toy	money			toys r us still selling toys retailer posts wider operating loss; revenue slips from year earlier, as us same store sales fall. new york cnn money beleaguered toy retailer toys r us, in the midst of a major restructuring of its
3			investor	investing	technology	company	finance	patent	security	industry			dreamworks files for ipo with sec computer animation company dreamworksskg has filed with the u.s. securities and exchange commissionfor a $ 650 million initial public offering, applying to list onthe new york stock exchange under the symbol dwa. p
4			security	computer	hacking	privacy	technology	encryption	fraud	terrorism	surveillance			home computer users wearing security blinders most consumers have no firewall protection, their antivirus software is outdated, and dozens of spyware programs secretly run on their computers, america online and the national cyber security alliance found.
4			mobile	device	technology	smartphone	nokia	innovation	hp	phone			intel, nokia, symbian drive to 3g future hoping to solidify the often diverse smartphone marketplace, three high tech companies said they are collaborating on future 3g define developments.
3			vegas	travel	business	ceo	marketing	finance	money			ebookers sale lands 90m for boss dinesh dhamija, the chairman and chief executive of ebookers, last night looked set to land a 90 million windfall after agreeing to a takeover of the online travel group he founded.
4			electronics	battery	electricity	technology	smartphone	nokia	energy			first 3g prototype micro fuel cell unveiled ntt docomo, the top cellular phone operator in japan, has unveiled what it calls the nation 's first prototype micro fuel cell aimed at boosting battery life for its powerful third generation foma handsets.
3			politics	business	greed	market	finance	oil	competition	money			market cheers cleaner structure, but reserves loom an oil giant with a corporate governance structure as complicated as its name s trying to simplify. that was the good news thursday, but the embattled
1			politics	america	election	democracy	russia	italy	money			a bush victory will make life easier, say italian and russian ... italian prime minister silvio berlusconi yesterday welcomed the possibility of president george w bush 's re election as the ballot count in the race for the white house went down to the wire.
4			job	technology	tech	training	networking	career	education	industry			techies getting on the job nontech training? business and communication skills are important, but many tech pros aren't given such training by employers, according to a report.
4			linux	privacy	technology	nokia	patent	industry			ericsson halts bluetooth development ericsson sverige ab, a swedish developer of telecommunications silicon, said it has decided to stop bluetooth development, which the company said was an indicator of the technology 's mature state.
4			computer	technology	tech	information	education			jordan strives to become global tech leader jordan has gone from providing one computer for every 82 students to one for every 17 in its drive to become a leader in information technology, the minister in charge of the campaign told a conference on tuesday. minister of information and communication technology fawaz zu'bi said the dramatic increase in access to computers for students was logged last year...
4			collaboration	software	technology	microsoft	internet	networking	email	security	linux			novell tightens netline partnership novell has extended a partnership to sell software for e mail and other server functions from netline internet service, the companies said thursday.
2			politics	baseball	cardinal	sport	football	money			green 's move has us fishing for answers although the move was stunning, the outcome was predictable and the latest effort from our resident football fishing genius may have finished off the cardinals for good.
3			drilling	company	profit	oil	dow	corporation	risk	competition	money	industry			dow closes under 10,000 on oil fears the blue chip dow jones average closed below 10,000 for the first time in six weeks on monday as a spike in oil prices to nearly usd50 a barrel renewed concerns about corporate profits.
3			marriage	deal	relationship	business	technology	love	company	corporation	money	merger			marriages made in corporate heaven a flurry of year end dealmaking hit the tech sector as companies maneuvered to get out of low margin businesses, fill holes in their product lines and take financial advantage of the recent run up in share prices.
3			revenue	manufacturing	sale	technology	performance	finance	profit	bankruptcy	patent	industry			hynix q3 net profit quadruples on firm chip sales third quarter profits at hynix semiconductor inc, the second largest maker of basic memory chips, nearly quadrupled from a year ago on robust demand, but dropped from the previous quarter due to falling prices.
2			coaching	baseball	contract	espn	basketball	sport	recruiting	football	player	coach			depaul 's leitao gets contract extension depaul university head men 's basketball coach dave leitao agreed to a six year contract extension on friday.
3			politics	business	ceo	management	technology	company	growth	finance	money	industry			vodafone rejigs top tier as it prepares for less expansive era vodafone picked a successor to long time finance chief ken hydon yesterday and restructured its board in an effort to give chief executive arun sarin more operational control of the mobile phone company.
4			politics	science	engineering	art	technology	tech	architecture	photography	design			tech and art mix at rnc protest artist natalie jeremijenko is unleashing a series of unique works at the republican national convention that combine art, engineering and old fashioned protesting. noah shachtman reports from new york.
2			coaching	baseball	basketball	sport	bowl	football	texas	competition			akron odd team out as bowl season begins there's the gmac bowl, the emerald bowl and the champs sports bowl. and there's the continental tire bowl and the insight bowl and the mpc computers bowl.
4			network	connectivity	privacy	technology	communication	telecommunication	networking	spectrum	competition			it 's official: verizon, nextwave sign pact nextwave telecom and verizon wireless have struck a $ 3 billion deal over nextwave 's beleaguered pcs spectrum as they strive toward starkly contrasting network goals.
2			baseball	television	patriot	sport	nfl	football	tv			patriots shift nov. 28 start sunday at 1 o'clock. time for football. that's the way it was for patriots fans pretty much every fall weekend for four decades. then bill belichick co. had to go and win two of the last three super bowls, and now they're tv stars.
4			product	business	ethernet	technology	switching	cisco	networking	switch			cisco switch products target small business company aggressively addresses smaller businesses with products that reduce the cost and complexity of operating a cisco network.
4			computer	engineering	timing	hardware	technology	lightning	genesis	automation	switch			flawed drawings caused spacecraft crash investigators may have discovered what caused the genesis spacecraft to crash into the utah desert this september. some crucial switches were installed backwards, because of an error in the instructions.
2			game	olympics	athletics	sport	greece	football	athlete	italy	cycling			jarno takes in the olympics sports fan jarno trulli got a rare privilege this week as he visited the olympics in athens, as a guest of puma.
2			computer	game	gaming	cheating	sex	sport	technology			video games the answer to society 's happiness it 's almost the end of the semester and many male students are turning to video games, instead of the internet, to relieve some much built up stress.
1			politics	election	democracy	voting	polling	iran	corruption	fraud	afghanistan			karzai takes early lead in afghan count interim leader hamid karzai took an early lead as vote counting began in afghanistan 's landmark presidential election, after allegations of ballot box stuffing, voter
4			ibm	computer	linux	manufacturing	technology	machine	patent	computing	industry			ibm builds the fastest supercomputer international business machines ibm corp. announced that it has created world 's fastest computer that performs better and consumes 28 times less energy than a two time first place holder japanese supercomputer.
2			boxing	baseball	olympics	athletics	sport	football	swimming	tennis	competition	cycling			olympics: american sprint stars throw down 100m gauntlet athens : america 's 100 metres sprint stars threw down the gauntlet at the olympics but their carribean rivals replied with a double salvo of their own to give the blue riband event an added edge.
3			trend	investing	stock	growth	finance	profit	loss	money	earnings			merrill profit falls, beats expectations merrill lynch co. mer.n: quote, profile, research on tuesday said third quarter profit fell 8 percent, hurt by reduced investment banking and trading.
1			election	abortion	constitution	politics	taiwan	democracy	political	constitutional	referendum			tung rules out hksar referendum hong kong chief executive tung chee hwa said monday that the hong kong special administrative region hksar government will not consider any suggestion on constitutional
4			electronics	technology	video	camera	photography	phone	color			flip and shoot nextel communications inc. is offering its first camera phone, the motorola i860, which boasts a large color screen, measuring 2.2 inches and 262,000 colors.
2			baseball	money	football			he's safe: steinbrenner keeps cashman brian cashman didn't lose his job because the yankees lost control of the american league championship series. owner george steinbrenner has told the team's general manager that he will not be fired before next season. cashman, who expected to be summoned to tampa for meetings soon, believes he knows what he needs to look for in the offseason. it'll be ...
4			insurance	computer	technology	infrastructure	telecommunication	energy	terrorism	security			yoran: feds, companies should continue infrastructure discussions in the event of a computer failure such as the one that caused massive power outages in the northeast and upper midwest last year, can the federal government intervene?
3			business	ceo	china	economics	tax	growth	finance	profit	money			business council: economic survey wrong chief executives in the united states are not as pessimistic as the business council thought last week when it issued its economic survey, the group said on tuesday, citing a tabulation error.
3			life	business	love	time	freedom	money			good times, bad times? we ll soon find out tomorrow, in a sudden sweep of decision making, the times waves goodbye to broadsheet life forever. no more two version publication, no more broadsheets on saturday.
4			computer	technology	internet	networking	ai	email	im			plus: virtual farm game according to a new research study by the non profit pew internet and american life project, so called instant messaging im is what 's really hot when it comes to electronic communication now.
4			science	genetics	biotechnology	technology	innovation	research	cancer	money	funding			stem cell research a battle of the coasts a $ 3 billion stem cell research initiative in california means the garden state faces stiff competition to secure and retain top researchers, experts warned tuesday.
2			baseball	statistics	gaming	basketball	volleyball	sport	football	tennis			girl gamers tackle male field les seules, an all girl swedish video game team, takes on the boys in a male dominated competition at a new york technology and entertainment convention. the group placed fourth in the female division at the electronic sports world cup in paris.
4			network	privacy	telecom	technology	internet	broadband	telecommunication	networking			fcc okays powerline internet access the federal communications commission has approved rules which it claims will encourage development of broadband access over power lines, a new technology that provides access to high speed broadband services using the nation 's power grid instead of phone
3			business	banking	technology	marketing	bank	finance	email	security	industry			sun micro aims to woo banking customers sun microsystems inc. is staging its first press and customer event in new york on tuesday in three years to roll out new products and woo customers in the banking industry, one of the network computer maker's most important markets.
2			mobile	baseball	espn	sport	technology	football	sprint			espn to launch mobile phone service in sprint deal walt disney co.'s espn sports television network is launching its own brand of mobile phone service in a deal with sprint corp. intended to lure new users with sports news sent over a next generation network, the companies said on wednesday.
4			job	computer	technology	tech	growth	strategy	innovation	money	industry			job cuts in tech sector soar, report finds the u.s. technology sector suffered another round of widespread layoffs during the third quarter, with computer firms slashing jobs most aggressively, a report said on monday.
4			nano	spec	mobility	detail	technology	standard	xml	security	industry			group ratifies next generation epc specs the global standard will drive commercialization of rfid and epc worldwide, according to epcglobal.
3			job	business	manufacturing	technology	company	growth	research	industry			business briefs a washington based research company will move part of its operations to a new facility being planned in rosslyn, creating 2,500 new jobs, gov.
2			eddie	baseball	jason	basketball	sport	football			super sidekick high flying dwyane wade might be a back seat driver this season, but he is at ease playing in shaquille o neal 's big shadow.
4			security	pc	computer	china	microsoft	technology	ibm	pcs	computing			ibm 's pc deal seen as strategic withdrawal ibm 's decision this past week to sell a majority stake in its personal computer business to lenovo group, a vendor based in china, for $ 1.75 billion in cash, stock, and debt assumption, is
3			product	buying	sale	marketing	commerce	retailer	shopping	pricing	consumer	retail			shopping search tactics shopping search engines make it easy for people to research and buy products. they can also be a powerful and cost effective customer acquisition channel for merchants.
1			politics	election	result	democracy	voting	polling	poll	candidate	voter			web site helps undecided voters choose presidential guidester polls voters, matches their positions with those of candidates.
4			science	electronics	computer	computing	technology	tech	education	innovation	astronomy	physics			back to school now includes electronics for back to school shoppers, a new alphabet reigns, and it starts with e for electronics. with camera cell phones and the apple ipod music player topping student wish lists, some of the hottest gadgets have little to do with pen or paper, much less studying.
2			boxing	baseball	espn	award	athletics	sport	athlete	tennis	competition			gatlin, hayes win us jesse owens awards olympic champions justin gatlin and joanna hayes won the 2004 jesse owens awards by usa track field usatf on monday. the awards, named in honor of the late olympic great
1			politics	election	estimate	statistics	result	voting	polling	poll			results of presidential campaign polls results of recent polls on the presidential race. listed above each set of results is the name of the 2000 winner in a given state, the organization that conducted the poll, the dates, the number interviewed, whether it was adults, registered voters rv or likely voters lv and the margin of error moe . results may not total 100 percent because of rounding.
3			business	trend	coffee	sale	starbucks	marketing	growth	profit	advertising	recession			starbucks posts robust august sales news research sales slowed a bit in august, but still came in above the coffee shop chain 's long term targets.
4			network	ethernet	wireless	technology	ip	telecommunication	patent			vonage and boingo wireless to market voip together boingo wireless and vonage holdings corp., announced a relationship to bring voip services to the market bundled with wireless offers.
4			industry	electronics	computer	manufacturing	intel	technology	semiconductor	silicon	security	linux			intel lowers quarterly forecast intel corp., the world 's biggest maker of semiconductors, reduced its third quarter revenue forecast thursday, blaming lower than expected demand for flash memory and pc chips.
4			computing	data	privacy	technology	storage	networking	patent	availability	security	linux			storage vendors push decentralization storage vendors storagetek and adaptec this week will boost their offerings with products that further decentralize data and storage for branch and remote offices.
1			politics	controversy	violence	education	religion	money	diversity			uvsc student officers not backing down for someone who lit a firecracker of controversy that has sparked across utah valley and utah at large, joe vogel is surprisingly demure.
2			olympics	sport	race	football	rowing	swimming	rower	sailing			olympics rowing u.s. eight beats canada to set world best time the united states beat canada in a world best time to qualify for the final of the men's olympic eights race sunday, as the two crews renewed their fierce rivalry in front of a raucous crowd at schinias.
4			industry	ibm	application	manufacturing	microsoft	technology	apple	patent	linux			ibm opens on demand tech center hoping literally to bring users more in touch with its on demand technologies, ibm on monday announced the opening of a new technology center in gaithersburg, md., to help users implement a number of different orchestration and provisioning capabilities.
1			politics	america	election	democracy	race	money			a fixer upper a solid majority of americans tell pollsters they think the country is headed in the wrong direction. but as the congressional campaigns got underway in earnest this september, it seemed all
3			product	safety	chemicals	business	trend	germany	company	stock	industry			stocks to watch on thursday, october 7 the us cleaning products maker has agreed to buy back a 29 percent stake from germany 's henkel kgaa quote, profile, research .
4			windows	computer	graphic	technology	silicon	eclipse	linux			sgi launches linux based visual computer line silicon graphics inc. sgi on monday will launch the successor line to its onyx visualization systems. called prism, the systems will be based on intel corp.'s itanium 2 processor and the linux operating system.
2			coaching	baseball	pittsburgh	espn	basketball	sport	football	pitt	vs			pitt escapes 1 aa furman josh cummings kicked a 37 yard field goal in overtime and host pittsburgh needed 21 points in the fourth quarter yesterday to beat division 1 aa furman, 41 38.
4			computer	grid	network	technology	machine	ibm	computing	linux			grid computing applied to it automation year old start up cassatt has launched a new service for automating it operations using grid technology. cassatt will aid the management and aggregation of a large number of machines
3			politics	business	ceo	china	corruption	company	scandal	japan	corporation	money			scandal hit citigroup ditches three bosses citigroup has removed three senior executives, including sir deryck maughan, its british born vice chairman, following a scandal which has forced the closure of one of the bank 's japanese businesses.
4			privacy	technology	wireless	internet	smartphone	blackberry			blackberry, bluetooth miss a shot to move into more hands blackberrys and bluetooth share an embarrassing trait these two uses of wireless technology have remained stubbornly irrelevant to many mainstream users, despite the benefits they might offer and the hype they often get in the press.
1			election	politics	democracy	voting	people	voter	money	politician			voters checking out other sides' sites are right leaning voters spending all their online time on are left leaning voters locked into the like minded
3			product	buying	technology	shop	shopping	retail	fashion	consumer	money			verizon adds shopping tools to verizon said on friday it has teamed up with ebay and for the roll out of new shopping tools on its online yellow pages site.
4			science	computer	computing	technology	internet	ethics	ibm	research	ai	education			top researchers ask web users to join science grid ibm and top scientific research organizations are joining forces in a humanitarian effort to tap the unused power of millions of computers and help solve complex social problems.
1			politics	election	computer	democracy	voting	digital	technology			why we fear the digital ballot while most experts appear to agree that electronic voting has real problems, few argue that they could completely undermine the november election.
2			coaching	baseball	brooks	espn	athletics	sport	basketball	football	quarterback	payton			u va.'s brooks out linebacker ahmad brooks missed his second practice after getting into an argument with cavs coach al groh during monday's session.
2			baseball	giant	sport	football	money			giants still coming up short after the fourth question yesterday regarding backup running back ron dayne, giants coach tom coughlin felt he had answered enough.
2			baseball	basketball	sport	race	swimming	phelps	competition			two golds make phelps day michael phelps showed no signs of either yesterday, swimming to two gold medals in the span of an hour at the athens olympic games.
3			politics	success	business	economics	marketing	money	recession			fight decline, don 't manage it, urges o reilly jr the o reilly family, owners of the independent and independent on sunday, rarely give press interviews. a solution to the sales decline at their uk newspapers has been equally elusive over the past decade, but
4			computer	hardware	technology	nec	performance	networking	ibm	intel	computing	linux			nec nips ibm in supercomputer race beginning in december, nec will rent out sx 8s for about $ 11,000 per month. the single node model, with up to eight cpus, has a peak performance of 128 gigaflops.
4			computer	chip	intel	technology	apple	silicon	security	linux			intel says it's recovered from missteps intel corp. will miss its 2004 product cost reduction targets because of a widely publicized string of product delays and problems, but those missteps are largely behind it now, the world's largest chip maker said on tuesday.
1			politics	america	election	democracy	gore	terrorism	mccain	money	politician			satirists skewer u.s. candidates u.s. presidential hopefuls are the target of endless satirical barbs on the web as a host of cybercynics offer comic relief from election politics. opponents bush and kerry appear in fake news reports, multimedia presentations and artwork.
4			network	mobility	technology	broadband	bandwidth	wireless	fcc	telecommunication	spectrum			fcc frees up spectrum for 3g regulators set aside additional bandwidth for third generation cell phones and other advanced wireless services.
4			network	privacy	technology	copyright	networking	patent	security			federal court dismisses verisign claim against icann the us federal court 's decision serves as another important affirmation of icann 's multistakeholder participatory model, and reaffirms the icann structure, stated john jeffrey, icann 's general counsel.
4			electronics	taiwan	business	china	chip	technology	semiconductor	silicon	industry			forecast for chip industry sees a new order of business when morris chang, the founder of the taiwan semiconductor manufacturing company, speaks of the future of the chip business, he sounds somber.
4			business	chip	investing	technology	telecommunication	finance	patent	money	security			texas instruments plans buyback p p p san francisco reuters texas instruments inc., the largest maker of chips for cellular phones, on thursday said it plans to buy back $ 1 billion in stock and boost its quarterly dividend by more than 17 percent, becoming the latest technology company to return extra cash to investors. p
3			share	acquisition	investing	shareholder	company	stock	ownership	finance	growth	merger			wal mart announces $ 10 billion share repurchase wal mart stores inc. is launching a new share repurchase plan in which it will buy back $ 10 billion of company shares. the plan replaces a previous plan in which the company was buying back $ 7 billion worth of shares.
4			manufacturing	chip	inventory	technology	innovation	apple	intel	industry			chipmaker has profit intel reported its third quarter profit rose 15 percent from a year earlier, though it continued to struggle with an inventory glut.
4			computer	privacy	broadband	technology	wireless	communication	telecommunication	phone	number			dial 4 1 1 for cell phone numbers? a proposal for a wireless phone directory raises concerns in congress.
4			electronics	battery	computer	business	technology	finance	innovation	money			triple crown stock: value, growth, tech though omnivision's future isn't fully in focus, this camera chip maker looks set to turn megapixels into megaprofits.
4			motorola	network	mobility	technology	telecommunication	patent	money	industry			motorola quadruples 3q profits to 479m motorola inc., the largest u.s. cell phone maker, more than quadrupled its third quarter earnings to 479 million thanks largely to new handsets that boosted its sales by 26 percent.
4			network	telecom	technology	internet	broadband	telecommunication	speed			dsl leads the broadband boom dsl is leading a global boom in broadband internet access. over the 12 months that ended june 30, dsl subscribers grew to 78 million, while the number of subscribers using all types of broadband services surpassed 123 million, the dsl forum says.
1			election	politics	australia	voting	polling	poll	candidate	vote			last push for votes in australia the two main contenders in australia's federal election make their final pitches before saturday's poll.
1			politics	britain	election	war	democracy	iraq	terrorism	blair			time for tea, while a nation decides after one of the most important speeches of his life, british prime minister tony blair was still fighting to reunite his new labour party yesterday as the war in iraq continued to haunt his leadership.
1			election	politics	statistics	result	democracy	poll	russia	ukraine			ukrainian pm yanukovich takes early lead in presidential race ukrainian prime minister viktor yanukovich held a slim lead in ukraine s presidential race as of 10:00 monday morning, with 41 percent compared to viktor yuschenkos 38 percent, according to partial results.
4			computer	business	software	microsoft	economics	technology	finance	security	linux			linux to ring up $ 35b by 2008 for a theoretically free operating system, linux is and will continue to be a cash cow. a research firm sees a bright financial future for the os.
3			trend	sale	clothing	marketing	retailer	shopping	fashion	retail	industry			retail sales fall more than expected retail sales fell more than expected in july and for the first time in over a year as poor weather pushed down clothing sales sharply.
4			computer	programming	software	technology	copyright	education	industry			a rebounding l.a. department launches second peoplesoft rollout using lessons learned from a difficult implementation four years ago, the city of los angeles is finding an easier time in its second major rollout of peoplesoft software.
4			id	technology	standard	licensing	copyright	patent			intermec seeks id tag standard intermec technologies corp. has suspended a licensing policy for use of its radio frequency identification patents in order to help create one industrywide standard for the technology.
3			business	investing	greed	finance	bankruptcy	wealth	gambling	money	security			mondavi corp. gets bid to buy all of its assets robert mondavi corp. is entertaining an offer to buy the entire company, not just the luxury assets that were put on the auction block last month.
2			america	baseball	sport	race	athlete	swimming			maine's crocker part of record setting team michael phelps was sitting in the bleachers in his team shirt and shorts last night, waving a small american flag and exulting in every gold medal. especially the one he got without swimming a stroke.
4			computer	hacking	conspiracy	software	technology	fraud	patent	security	linux			ftc files case against spyware suspects the federal trade commission on thursday filed the first case in the country against software companies accused of infecting computers with intrusive spyware and then trying to sell people the solution.
4			security	hardware	software	technology	marketing	strategy	competition	logistics	ethics			when good vendors go bad the most pervasive problem in running it is not a specific technology issue at all. its dealing with bad vendors. even if you have been able to reduce your it operation down to a pure open source environment on the software side, hardware still must be purchased through commercial channels. in the post boom it age, the power has supposedly shifted from vendor to buyer, but it managers continue to be manipulated by vendors who dont always act in the customers best interest. to keep vendors in line, it managers need to stay on the ball and punish bad behavior when it occurs by finding new suppliers.
4			electronics	noise	computer	music	technology	sound	speaker	audio			these speakers go to 11 no, really, they do. logitech's z 5500 speaker set cranks up the sound for computers, game consoles and home theaters. by leander kahney.
4			generation	trend	technology	media	content	age	education	industry			opa generational media study yields interesting results this week the online publishers association opa announced the results of its latest generational media study, designed to provide a detailed view of the 18 to 34 year old media consumer.
2			coaching	luck	baseball	history	basketball	saint	sport	nfl	football			brooks, stallworth get it done late the new orleans saints dodged a hurricane and the san francisco 49ers and survived the loss of their biggest offensive weapon deuce mcallister.
4			windows	java	software	microsoft	technology	development	patent	linux			borland folding cbuilder into delphi borland software in 2005 plans to fold its cbuilder developer tool line into the companys delphi ide tool family for windows application development, thus answering the question about what the company had planned to do with the technology.
4			insurance	computer	business	management	privacy	technology	energy	email	security			kidde succumbs to 17m 'sweetener by alistair osborne, associate city editor filed: 17 12 2004 . united technologies corporation clinched the acquisition of kidde yesterday after sweetening its 165p a share offer for the fire protection group with a final dividend of 2p per share.
4			mobile	mobility	connectivity	sale	technology	telecommunication	innovation	consumer	industry			global mobile phone sales soar strong demand for replacement handsets in western europe and the us helped push global mobile phone sales to 156.4 million units in the second quarter of 2004, a 35 per cent increase from the second quarter of 2003, new research has claimed.
4			electronics	sale	technology	loss	consumer	retail	security	industry			circuit city reports smaller second quarter loss circuit city stores inc., the no. 2 us electronics chain, said yesterday its second quarter loss narrowed to $ 11.9 million as the company sold more plasma screen televisions and benefited from the acquisition of a canadian retailer.
2			politics	baseball	sport	race	golf	football	car	money			chargers rally for fourth win keenan mccardell took his time getting dressed, carefully buttoning his bright fuchsia shirt and securing his striped tie.
4			mobile	wired	network	ethernet	technology	telecom	broadband	wireless	telecommunication	networking			alcatel to buy wireless, conferencing companies french networking gear maker offers $ 250 million for spatial wireless and $ 27 million for edial.
2			coaching	baseball	basketball	steal	sport	knicks	coach	nba	stats	win			knicks top 76ers day after helm resigns lenny wilkens gained some job security despite coaching without a hand picked assistant for the first time in his career as the new york knicks defeated the philadelphia 76ers 96 88 tuesday night.
1			politics	america	election	democracy	race			kerry supporters left to deal with blues it's a long way from the manhattan office of psychoanalyst sherman pheiffer to the cambridge, mass., practice of psychologist jaine darwin. but both are in blue states that voted heavily for john kerry, and on the day he conceded, they heard plenty of distress about the election.
2			coaching	jazz	basketball	sport	football	performance	celtics			jazzy win for celtics doc rivers does not ordinarily spend the fourth quarter sitting on the bench. the celtics coach prefers to pace the sideline shouting instructions, offering encouragement, and challenging referees. but last night's game against utah offered rivers a considerable amount of down time, particularly in the second half. he spent much of the fourth in his seat, learning back and shaking ...
4			electronics	flash	computer	graphic	memory	storage	technology	card	camera	photography			sandisk announces wrath of memory card products sandisk has announced a number of memory card specific products at photokina, in cologne today. for the serious professional photographer, the company announced an 8gb compact flash card costing $ 1000, a 4gb memory stick pro and 2gb sd card.
3			business	ceo	management	economics	company	marketing	finance			sra founder to step down as ceo ernst volgenau, founder of sra international inc., said thursday he will step down as chief executive of the company in january but will continue to serve as chairman of the board.
4			mobile	battery	electronics	computer	device	wireless	technology	phone			new breed of portable media players means squinting at palm sized ... it was a holy grail looming on the personal electronics horizon: a pocket sized device with a workhorse battery and the capacity to hold hours of audio and video.
2			boxing	baseball	statistics	giant	television	basketball	sport	nfl	football	playoff			giants' barber sees daylight at a good time tiki barber sprinted for a 52 yard touchdown in the third quarter, the play that the giants would ride to their third victory of the season.
4			network	city	privacy	technology	wireless	broadband	internet	networking	google			philly plans to become one big hot spot city will build the world's largest mesh wi fi network to spread internet access.
2			boxing	injury	baseball	basketball	soccer	sport	golf	football	tennis			beckham hopes to make injury return later this month london english soccer star and pop icon david beckham is hoping to return to the field later this month. beckham is suffering from a broken rib and says he wants to begin playing for his spanish league team next weekend.
4			electronics	computer	linux	hardware	software	technology	networking	ibm	windows			imac g5: even more exquisite than last one this latest head turner manages to better its clever predecessor in design no small achievement, writes edward c. baig for the back of the computer is elegant in its simplicity. you can loosen three captive screws to remove the cover to add, say, extra memory, or a wireless airport networking card. sep 30
1			election	america	politics	democracy	voting	economics	washington	finance	money			wall street fears an undecided election the doubts, the uncertainty, the mud slinging that have kept investors indecisive all year are set to end one week from tuesday when u.s. voters go to the polls.
4			computer	hacking	hardware	technology	apple	hp	intel	security	linux			itanium not meeting intel 's goals com september 8, 2004, 5:28 am pt. with the economy slowly turning up, upgrading hardware has been on businesses radar in the past 12 months as their number two priority.
4			electronics	wired	network	ethernet	technology	wireless	networking	intel	linux			intel updates wireless chips, software intel corp. unveiled an update to its wireless networking technology thursday, adding simpler software, improved security and support for a more robust, less interference prone radio standard.
4			windows	application	hardware	software	standard	technology	microsoft	system	security	linux			microsoft eyes lighter versions of longhorn microsoft is developing versions of its windows operating system with only a subset of the windows code base, designed for specific server tasks, in a move that could reduce maintenance costs for customers and create products that are less vulnerable to
1			election	politics	statistics	result	democracy	romania	poll	candidate	presidential			presidential, parliamentary elections begin in romania presidential elections began early sunday in romania with around 18 million eligible voters expected to vote in the first round of the race.
4			mobile	device	technology	smartphone	nokia	blackberry	ios	phone			blackberry 7100t and suretype the smart phone market will grow more crowded wednesday with the debut of two devices directed at opposite ends of the customer spectrum: a blackberry for consumers with a newfangled keyboard and a nokia phone organizer for mobile business professionals.
4			mobile	business	network	data	mobility	broadband	technology	bt			virgin mobile uk ramps up data strategy virgin mobile uk, the uk mobile virtual network operator, is boosting its mobile data capabilities through a key deal with infospace mobile.
2			politics	baseball	college	sport	boston	football			making a case for tippett andre tippett belongs. he may not end up in canton, ohio, at a pro football hall of fame induction ceremony, as he should, but he belongs preliminary list of 89 nominees for the hall of fame was released last week, and it included three names of local interest: tippett, ex patriot tackle leon gray, and waltham high and boston college ...
2			baseball	injury	statistics	sport	football	quarterback	stats			nfl games on tv cleveland 2 0 vs. ny giants 1 1 when where: sunday, 1 p.m., at east rutherford, n.j. tv: ch. 4. last season: did not meet. comments: coming off an impressive performance in which he threw for 232 yards and a touchdown in a 20 14 giants win over the redskins, quarterback kurt warner will try to add to his comfort level against the injury depleted ...
4			mobile	technology	nokia	smartphone	phone			japan's docomo unveils 3g phones with 3d sound japan's largest mobile operator, ntt docomo inc. 9437.t , unveiled on wednesday a new line of advanced mobile phones with stereo quality surround sound, high resolution digital cameras, and a special chip that allows owners to use their phones as a debit card.
2			coaching	baseball	statistics	espn	sport	nfl	winning	football	win			goldberg on football: the eagles gain by winning small if the philadelphia eagles finally reach the super bowl this season, their tight victories the last two weeks will probably have more to do with it than their first five easy victories.
4			technology	internet	networking	patent	email	industry			cisco 1st qtr net rises 29 amid web phone sales gain cisco systems inc., the world 's largest maker of computer networking equipment, said first quarter profit rose 29 percent amid demand for internet phones and devices that link homes to the web.
2			baseball	fan	basketball	win	sport	football	winning	bond	gambling	money			barry bonds floats their boats while barry bonds takes aim at 700 home runs, fans wait patiently on the waters of mccovey cove behind sbc park for the ultimate prize.
4			network	connectivity	ethernet	city	technology	philadelphia	broadband	wireless	networking			philadelphia wi fi plans move forward agreement with verizon will allow deployment of a citywide wireless network.
3			boeing	revenue	manufacturing	sale	company	performance	accounting	earnings	industry			rockwell backs 2004 earnings view rockwell collins inc., a maker of aircraft electronics, on thursday backed its full year earnings estimate and put its fiscal 2005 expectations above wall street views in anticipation of improved margins in its commercial segment and lower benefits
2			coaching	baseball	history	college	espn	basketball	sport	football	usc	competition			usc routs notre dame; bc and iowa state blow chances saturday two years ago, carson palmer won the heisman trophy after a fantastic outing against notre dame. matt leinart may have earned himself the same piece of hardware after his performance saturday.
3			aluminum	growth	profit	oil	dow	corporation	money	industry			alcoa third quarter profit rises aluminum producer alcoa inc. said thursday that third quarter profit rose 1.1 percent in the third quarter compared with a year ago, but fell significantly compared with the previous three months.
4			network	ethernet	privacy	technology	ip	networking	security			gartner itxpo spotlights security, wireless enterprise it executives attending this week's gartner symposium itxpo in orlando, fla., got a peek at several forthcoming products for security, cm content management , wireless, and soas service oriented architectures .
1			election	politics	putin	democracy	corruption	russia	ukraine	terrorism			ukrainians vote for new president in landmark poll ukrainians voted for a new president on sunday, choosing between their russian backed prime minister and a west leaning liberal in a tight contest many fear could degenerate into turmoil.
4			trend	technology	company	growth	google			google rises in market debut the u.s. securities and exchange commission yesterday approved google inc.'s ipo plans, and the company's stock jumped 20 on its first day of trading on the nasdaq stock exchange.
4			dell	trend	technology	company	tech	stock	growth	finance	industry			stocks end higher as dell boosts techs stocks extended their rally on friday, led by technology shares after computer maker dell inc. shot up 8 percent on a higher quarterly profit and an optimistic forecast.
4			science	electronics	statistics	safety	technology	car	automation	robot	testing			electronic back seat driver system to be tested australian scientists have invented an electronic driver's assistant system, similar to the back seat driver who forever points out road signs and warns against speeding.
3			sale	amazon	company	stock	profit	finance	money			amazon posts profit, shares fall inc. on thursday posted a higher quarterly profit on strong international sales but its stock fell more than 4 percent as the results from the online retailer failed to top wall street expectations.
4			rate	mobile	network	mobility	technology	broadband	charging	telecommunication	carrier	phone			verizon and sprint to cut fee for transferring cell numbers verizon and sprint wireless customers will get a small break on their bills soon. the companies have decided to eliminate or reduce a 40 cent per line monthly charge imposed to allow customers to transfer their phone numbers to new carriers.
4			electronics	computer	technology	automation	machine	robot			at your service robots are playing a growing role in family life and industry, and winning over skeptics who doubt their ability. geneva the use of robots around the home to mow lawns, vacuum floors, pull guard duty and
4			mobile	mobility	privacy	broadband	nokia	technology	telecommunication			vodafone launches 3g service vodafone have launched the long awaited third generation, 3g, mobile phone service that offers video calls and music downloads. the use of 3g technology promises faster data rates for mobile users that will
4			electronics	device	chip	technology	semiconductor	patent	silicon	intel	computing			ibm, amd speed chips by straining silicon wafers researchers at ibm and advanced micro devices have improved a chip making technology called strained silicon, boosting semiconductor performance at a time when such
4			computer	linux	hardware	software	unix	technology	networking	security	windows			andrew kantor a couple of weeks ago there was a big announcement in the computing world: linux standard base 2.0 was released. huh? you might ask.
4			mobile	network	mobility	wireless	broadband	technology	networking			t mobile starts first european test of a flarion network amsterdam t mobile, europe 's second largest mobile carrier, said on wednesday that it had started the continent 's first trial of a high speed wireless internet service that uses flash ofdm technology.
4			network	technology	wireless	communication	telecommunication	networking	spectrum	vs	competition			verizon wireless vs. cingular wireless verizon wireless, the hulking champ of the cellular world, is about to meet a new contender. any day now, the federal communications commission is expected to recommend the approval of cingular
1			politics	election	controversy	conservative	religion	christian	education			christian conservatives press issues in statehouses energized by electoral wins, conservative christians are pushing ahead state and local initiatives on controversial issues.
3			network	price	sale	market	telecommunication	loss	competition	industry			nortel warns of weaker sales nortel networks corp. on thursday warned that third quarter sales will fall below its second quarter and that full year 2004 revenues at north america's largest telecom equipment maker will lag the overall sector.
4			virus	hacking	privacy	technology	vulnerability	terrorism	security			2004 was good and bad for it security experts agree: 2004 was the best of times, and the worst of times for those concerned about it security. it was a year with high profile arrests of virus authors, and the explosion of online crimes, from cyberextortion to identity theft, a year in which isps internet service providers won millions in damages from spammers, and spam messages increased by 40 percent.
4			computer	microsoft	technology	ibm	email	security	industry			ibm in major rfid expansion ibm quote, chart said it would spend a quarter of a billion dollars over the next year and a half to grow its rfid define business.
2			doping	olympics	judo	basketball	sport	race	athletics	athlete	money			sports court hears hamm gold medal appeal paul hamm appeared before the sports world's highest court monday to argue why he should keep his olympic gymnastics gold medal.
4			computer	business	technology	microsoft	apple	networking	ibm	email	industry			ibm wins $ 1 billion networking contract from lloyds international business machines corp., one of the worlds largest personal computer makers, announced its partnership with british bank, lloyds tsb.
4			computer	hacking	privacy	technology	networking	ai	computing	linux			idc forum: is it creativity dead? pouring fuel on the debate over whether it provides a competitive advantage to corporations, a pair of prominent industry observers monday offered starkly different views of the role computer technology can play in transforming business strategy.
4			computer	intel	technology	apple	hp	silicon	computing	linux			hp to stop using intel itanium chip: wsj new york, september 27: printer and pc maker hewlett packard co will stop offering desktop workstations based on intel corp 's itanium microprocessor, the wall street journal reported on its online edition.
4			product	recycling	application	revenue	manufacturing	technology	patent	productivity	industry			applied doubles revenue applied materials, the world 's largest manufacturer of chip making tools, said on tuesday that its third quarter revenue doubled, leading to $ 441 million in profit.
3			business	china	sale	management	technology	marketing	finance	sun	industry			sun shuffles sales execs executive vice president of sales becomes sun's executive vice president for strategic development and sun financing.
3			revenue	sale	technology	marketing	company	performance	patent	earnings	industry			peoplesoft exceeds earnings targets the software company reports a 12 percent surge in sales fed by a jump in maintenance revenue.
4			computer	privacy	wireless	technology	internet	broadband	networking	email			pluggedin: ultrawideband heralds zippier wireless connections think of it as wi fi on steroids.
4			analyst	pc	computer	business	china	technology	ibm	security	industry			analysts: lenovo an odd inquirer for ibm 's pc biz a report in the new york times that ibm is poised to sell off its pc unit has provoked mixed reactions and tentative interpretations from analysts who follow the historic company.
2			cycling	athletics	race	sport	performance	canada	event	racing			victory is golden for city cyclist edmonton 's lori ann muenzer defied two of the world 's best cyclists tuesday to top the field of 500 metre sprinters, laying claim to the first gold medal ever won by a canadian track cyclist.
4			dream	computer	game	gaming	technology	entertainment	innovation	gambling	money			when long hours at a video game stop being fun for players with ambitions to develop games, electronic arts must appear to be the best place in the world, but there is unhappiness among those living that dream.
3			brand	product	store	sale	marketing	retailer	shopping	fashion	retail			top 100 retailers rankings today 's successful retailers are constantly reinventing themselves to differentiate their stores from competitors, especially wal mart, according to the 2004 top 100 retailers ranking sponsored by triversity, released in stores magazine, the official
4			electronics	chip	technology	semiconductor	testing	memory	silicon	intel			intel builds ultrasmall chip in test intel, the world 's biggest semiconductor maker, said on monday that it had succeeded in building a test chip that packs 10 million transistors into an area the size of the tip of a ball point pen.
4			electronics	network	ethernet	ieee	technology	wireless	networking	intel	linux			intel updates centrino wireless chips, software intel corp. unveiled an update to its wireless networking technology thursday, adding simpler software, improved security and support for a more robust, less interference prone radio standard.
4			linux	collaboration	hardware	software	unix	availability	distribution	reliability			four vendors team up on new standardized linux four small linux vendors are working together to create a new linux standard base 2.0 compliant binary set that they hope will attract independent software vendors and hardware makers to port their wares to the new code.
4			battery	recycling	electronics	safety	device	technology	fire	fireworks			burned before, kyocera recalls cell phone batteries cell phone maker flags defects in three product lines. the recall follows a rash of flaming or exploding devices.
2			baseball	basketball	sport	rule	football	class			rams' trev faulk gets to face cousin trev faulk will be making his first career start, and he might get a chance to tackle his cousin for the first time.
3			trading	price	market	greed	stock	finance	profit	competition	money			timeshares can't shake the stink timeshare stocks have never been valued fairly because of a bad reputation for unscrupulous salespeople.
4			product	business	java	data	technology	enterprise	power	linux			tools wrap: sybase, clear clear eye data modeling, bpel sybase later this year will ship powerdesigner 11.0, an enterprise data modeling tool for building or re engineering business processes and aligning business and it goals, according to the company.
3			business	investor	financial	debt	bank	finance	trump	money	banking			update 1 trump hotels ends $ 400 mln talks with dlj trump hotels and casino resorts inc. quote, profile, research , trying to restructure $ 1.8 billion in debt, said on wednesday that it and dlj merchant banking partners
4			industry	statistics	computer	linux	network	technology	ibm	computing	server			global server sales up in second quarter global sales of servers, powerful computers used by large companies, rose 7.7 percent in the second quarter to $ 11.55 billion 6.4 billion pounds as demand for information technology remained strong after a three year downturn
2			game	doping	olympics	athletics	sport	track	football	athlete	cycling			organizers say 2006 olympics on track organizers of the 2006 winter olympics insist the games are on track despite a 242 million budget shortfall and a police investigation into possible fixing of construction contracts.
4			electronics	picture	car	technology	camera	samsung			samsung 's 5mp sch s250 samsung today officially launched their new korean market 5 megapixel cameraphone, the sch s250. of course we told you about the 5mp camera part already, but there is another surprise in there, too.
4			network	technology	wireless	internet	bandwidth	broadband	telecommunication	speed			fcc insists broadband deployment improving us communications regulators on thursday insisted the united states was making progress in rolling out high speed internet service, despite falling further behind other countries.
4			network	connectivity	data	storage	technology	information	networking			storage networking world: ilm a business matter users at storage networking world are developing information life cycle management schemes within their storage networks to more efficiently and cost effectively store data according to business policies.
3			reuters	trend	company	stock	money			stocks in motion: bj services shares of bj services bjs:nyse news research were among the nyse 's losers tuesday, falling 5 after the company posted fourth quarter earnings and sales that fell below wall street expectations and warned on 2005.
4			electronics	quality	philip	technology	marketing	manufacturer	patent	consumer	industry			philips posts best quarterly results in four years often pigeonholed as just a seller of televisions and dvd players, royal philips electronics said third quarter profit surged despite a slide into the red by its consumer electronics division.
3			brand	sale	wine	marketing	profit	finance	industry			allied profits from rappers thirst britons growing thirst for courvoisier, the cognac brand championed by hip hop culture, has helped allied domecq report a 6 per cent rise in annual profits.
3			travel	business	technology	marketing	company	internet	commerce	competition	money	logistics			clicks and mortar not a firm foundation if services conglomerate cendant buys the third largest us online travel company, orbitz, as looks probable, then it will be widely seen as another step towards breaking down any lingering sense that business over the internet is special compared to
1			politics	treason	terrorism	islam			malaysia 's anwar called 'traitor members of malaysia 's largest political party have labelled former deputy prime minister anwar ibrahim a traitor . the head of the youth wing of the united malays national organisation umno ruled out the
1			politics	election	war	democracy	fighting	violence	suicide	conflict	terrorism	rebel			ltte kills karuna 's brother colombo: four people including a top renegade tamil tiger rebel were shot dead thursday in growing factional fighting in sri lanka despite efforts to revive the peace process, officials and a pro rebel website reported.
2			tampa	baseball	fan	sport	music	football	people			fans come down hard on gruden jon gruden, tim brown, charlie garner and the rest of the tampa bay raider neers returned to the black hole for the first time sunday as visitors and the locals made sure they felt at home, delivering a true silver and black welcome: expletives, middle
3			statistics	business	india	technology	company	patent	industry			infosys profit growth best in three years infosys technologies ltd., india's second largest software services company, posted its biggest quarterly profit jump in three years on increased outsourcing by telecoms and financial companies.
1			politics	president	history	name	russia	afghanistan	leader	leadership	politician			kremlin candidate for chechen presidency set to win david hardaker: in soviet times, it was a long held tradition to immortalise leaders by renaming streets and major cities after them.
4			computer	aeronautics	technology	automation	machine	time	ibm	speed	computing			ibm sets a record for speed the ibm computer is based on a technology called bluegene l, which takes an approach radically different from that used by nec 's machine, called the earth simulator.
1			politics	election	democrat	clinton	donation	kerry	finance	republican	money			kerry gives money to support dem races john kerry is giving 250,000 to support democrats in disputed elections in washington state and louisiana and forming a new fund that could help his future political ambitions.
4			computer	radiation	privacy	technology	cancer	security			where'd the term 'blue chip' come from? you know, this is information that you just can't get anyplace else. unless you look for it.
3			job	life	business	work	working	money			tivo backer aslop to leave vc firm prominent venture capitalist at silicon valley's new enterprise associates wants to see if i can design a working life for myself.
2			politics	statistics	england	soccer	club	sport	football	finance	money			soccer: glazer step nearer becoming manchester united 's biggest ... london : the family of us sports tycoon malcolm glazer said it had raised its stake in manchester united to 27.6 percent from 25.3, making it almost the largest shareholder in the world 's richest football club.
2			baseball	game	sport	football	stadium	monster	wrestling			san francisco 's candlestick now monster park san francisco renamed its most storied sports stadium monster park on tuesday, in a deal that trades $ 6 million from an electronics cable company for the name to candlestick park.
4			networking	technology	option	tech	stock	strategy	pricing	security	industry			stocks look to open lower; cisco awaited u.s. stock futures pointed to a slightly lower open on tuesday as investors stay cautious after last week's three day rally and await results from networking gear maker cisco systems inc. which will set the direction for technology stocks.
4			computer	hacking	software	technology	encryption	corruption	piracy	terrorism	security	linux			police break illegal software ring greek and british police in a joint operation have cracked a multi million illegal software sales ring, arresting two people and seizing thousands of pirate high tech software programs, greek police say.
4			product	application	compatibility	sale	software	technology	system	development	change	adobe			product previews adobe unveils acrobat 7.0 adobe systems has launched version 7.0 of its acrobat family of desktop applications. enhancements to the software allow users to leverage acrobat 7.0 and adobe pdf for processes such as assembling documents from multiple sources, creating forms, and secure collaboration. acrobat 7.0 tightens integration with adobe livecycle software for connecting document services with businesses processes. the integration allows acrobat 7.0 professional users to create xml and pdf forms that can be integrated into back end systems. also announced was adobe reader 7.0 client software, which facilitates reader users participation in document reviews and access to yahoo search functions. acrobat 7.0 professional is priced at $ 449; existing users can upgrade for $ 159. acrobat 7.0 standard is priced at $ 299; upgrades are priced at $ 99. acrobat 7.0, adobe systems
4			electronics	lcd	philip	technology	display	silicon	color			lg philips lays claim to biggest oled prototype 20.1 inch display is the world's largest oled, the south korea based manufacturer says.
3			income	statistics	revenue	price	sale	growth	profit	pricing	money	earnings			biovail backs 2004 earnings on strong sales pharmaceutical firm biovail corp. on tuesday narrowed the scope of its full year revenue forecast to the middle of its prior estimate range, but backed its earnings prediction excluding charges of $ 1.
3			investor	investment	investing	stock	profit	strategy	finance	risk	money	earnings			procter gamble profit up on sales growth procter gamble co. said net income rose 14 percent in the first quarter on solid sales growth in all the company 's markets.
3			safety	manufacturing	aviation	sale	technology	profit	finance	aerospace	industry			strong demand pushes honeywell profit diversified manufacturer honeywell international inc. posted a rise in quarterly profit as strong demand for aerospace equipment and automobile components boosted revenues, the company said on wednesday.
4			product	application	business	technology	marketing	system	strategy	industry			siebel unveils smb go to market strategy after a year of pilots and trials, siebel systems jumped with both feet into the smb market tuesday, announcing a new approach to offer siebel professional crm applications to smbs small and midsize businesses companies with revenues up to about 500 million.
1			politics	election	history	television	iraq	kerry	debate	republican			kerry challenges bush to weekly debates democrat john kerry on thursday challenged republican president bush, to weekly debates from now until the nov. 2 presidential election.
3			income	statistics	business	sale	company	stock	finance	research	money	education			brown forman cites family sale for stock volume brown forman corp. bfa.n: quote, profile, research bfb.n: quote, profile, research on friday said that sales by a brown family trust accounted for heavy activity in the class
4			computer	business	technology	company	innovation	ibm	industry			supercomputer for the home it's rare to hear the words innovation and big company in the same sentence. during the 1980s, ibm nyse: ibm news was a visionary in the pc revolution but gave away the profits to upstarts like microsoft nasdaq: msft news and intel nasdaq: intc news .
1			politics	america	history	people	religion	money			outside influence like they always do on a saturday afternoon in april to see the state of the nation. only this time, it was different.
3			politics	science	business	technology	economics	marketing	money	ethics			keeping it simple expeditors international posts strong results, but the jaw droppers are in its 8 k.
4			electronics	device	mobility	technology	nokia	evolution	innovation	change			palmone updates the treo smart phone palmone inc. 's long awaited update to the treo 600 will come with a new processor, sharper display and flash memory, as the company continues to improve its flagship product.
3			insurance	product	sale	marketing	profit	competition	industry			unilever warns on profits food and consumer goods giant unilever has shocked investors by reining in expectations for full year profit growth to under five percent due to stiff competitor pressure and poor weather.
4			mobile	device	technology	nokia	smartphone	ios	phone	linux			smartphone industry gathers for symbian expo 5 october 2004 ymbian, developer of symbian os, the market leading mobile phone operating system today opened the symbian expo smartphone show.
1			election	news	politics	democrat	congress	democracy	debate	ethics			congress speeds up 9 11 legislation vote racing the clock, senate leaders are applying finishing touches to bipartisan legislation addressing the sept. 11 commission's recommendations just as house gop leaders prepare to debate their version, which democrats call partisan and weak...
4			radio	trend	music	technology	internet	pricing	competition	industry			napster eyes ring tone market digital music provider napster on thursday teamed up with dwango wireless, hoping to corner a slice of the booming ring tone market.
2			politics	history	australia	game	sydney	athletics	sport	swimming			no fun in these games for jones so this is how this strange and sour saga ends, with the queen of sydney playing blind woman's bluff in the middle of the sprint relay. a blown baton exchange with lauryn williams, a fifth place in the long jump, and marion jones's trip to olympus was over. just like that. a record five medals in 2000, none ...
1			election	politics	australia	democracy	race	howard	money			howard still a nose in front halfway through the election campaign and mark latham is now out campaigning john howard, with two of his major policies launched, but still no guarantee he will be in front on polling day.
2			coaching	baseball	manager	basketball	sport	management	marketing	coach	competition	money			wanna know who ll win the title? winning the nba title in dominating fashion apparently earns you the respect of one third of your peers. the results of the league 's annual survey of its 30 general managers was released last week, and 33 of
4			industry	technology	oracle	content	patent	availability	email	linux			industry leaders partner with oracle to support first true ... oracle nasdaq:orcl today announced evidence of strong support for its content management offering through partnerships with leading technology
3			business	ceo	network	technology	company	corporate	finance	networking	merger			cable wireless slashes jobs but rewards investors cable wireless drew a line under 50 years of corporate history yesterday by announcing it was relocating its london head office to bracknell while unveiling a new organisational
4			science	car	technology	automation	robot			robots generate some buzz swarm robots, car robots, team robots you name it, you can find it at the robonexus convention. daniel terdiman reports from santa clara, california.
4			business	technology	finance	networking	ibm	email	linux			novell posts 4th quarter profit of $ 13m novell inc. on thursday said it swung to a fiscal fourth quarter profit after the computer networking provider saw strong growth from its enterprise server business during the period.
1			politics	news	america	history	computer	election	democracy	money	politician			search tools, music gadgets and e mail, oh my the year 's biggest upset in sports has to be the boston red sox 's improbable world championship. the biggest upset in politics: that choosing the president did not require supreme court intervention.
4			dell	software	technology	networking	distribution	availability	intel	linux			dell to pre install suse linux on servers dell inc. will install novell inc.'s suse linux operating system on dell poweredge servers as part of a worldwide agreement, the companies announced wednesday at the linuxworld conference in frankfurt, germany.
3			inflation	statistics	revenue	trend	production	sale	company	accounting	earnings	industry			coca cola enterprises cuts 2004 outlook coca cola enterprises inc., the largest bottler of coca cola products, lowered its full year earnings outlook and put its third quarter forecast below analysts expectations due to softer than expected volume trends.
2			baseball	television	nbc	espn	sport	nfl	abc	football	tv			disney, nfl look bad after racy mnf intro prepared statements were flying like tickertape tuesday, in the wake of abc 's racy introductory skit on monday night football.
4			computer	hacking	business	privacy	technology	cisco	networking	security			concerns on cisco bid suppressed six months before the san jose cisco systems controversy went public, leon nix knew the city risked violating its own rules by favoring the networking company's products in its new city hall. but he feared speaking out, thinking his bosses might come after him.
1			politics	election	privatization	tourism	mr	corruption	finance	money	politician			gyurcsany named as next hungarian pm millionaire businessman ferenc gyurcsany has been nominated by hungary 's ruling socialist party as the next premier, kossuth radio said wednesday.
4			electronics	pc	dell	computer	software	privacy	technology			dell, gateway settle into the living room if you are talking about the media center pc in the family room, it 's going to be a disappointing experience, gartner research vice president martin reynolds told technewsworld.
4			dell	business	healthcare	privacy	technology	company	hp	patent	industry			dell 's tech docs now making house calls round rock based computer giant dell inc. nasdaq: dell is revamping customer service going so far as to make house calls. the reforms offer customers new avenues for help and a new stream of revenue for dell.
2			baseball	game	basketball	sport	football	vs	division	win			terps come out 'flat' the terps have lost games this season because of offensive futility, turnovers or a late game controversial call, but never in a passionless fashion, as ralph friedgen categorized saturday's game.
1			election	politics	beijing	taiwan	democracy	china	voting	taipei			taiwan poll to shape china ties taiwan votes on saturday to choose a new parliament in a ballot that could shape its future relations with china.
1			brussels	abortion	election	politics	democracy	parliament	eu	referendum	debate			meps to decide commission's fate the european parliament is set to hold a debate as it prepares to decide the fate of the incoming commission.
2			coaching	history	michigan	basketball	sport	football	competition	rivalry			different directions today 's edition of this rivalry will star notre dame as the then and michigan as the now. both programs have compelling tradition and cool helmets and catchy fight songs, all the important stuff of tailgating debates.
2			baseball	basketball	matt	football			emmons gives it best shot it would ve been understandable if american matt emmons had a bad first olympic experience. the way things had been going, he seemed destined for that.
2			coaching	baseball	chicago	espn	basketball	sport	bull	defense	football	detroit			skiles ejected, bulls respond although the bulls have yet to record back to back victories, they quietly are putting together a solid stretch of games.
4			computer	software	privacy	technology	evolution	networking	security	linux			open source solaris stalls if you were expecting a sneak peak of an open source solaris or to buy the new commercial version next week, don 't hold your breath.
4			computer	technology	performance	time	machine	ibm	ai	speed	computing			ibm supercomputer may be the world's fastest ibm is expected to announce today that it has built a supercomputer that could qualify as the world's fastest machine.
4			electronics	computer	manufacturing	chip	intel	technology	semiconductor	silicon	industry			chip sales slow in august global semiconductor sales growth slowed to 1 percent in august as electronics makers reacted to growing inventories in asia by limiting orders of chips, an industry trade group said on thursday.
4			electronics	device	chip	hardware	technology	apple	intel			arm's new chip aims beyond cell phones chip designer announces new processor for wider digital device market, moving it beyond portable device niche.
4			electronics	ibm	statistics	computer	engineering	manufacturing	ceo	technology	patent	intel			intel names otellini chief executive after barrett intel corp. named president paul otellini as its next chief executive officer, choosing a salesman instead of an engineer to run the computer chip maker for the first time.
3			boeing	technology	defense	company	stock	energy	profit	money	industry			stocks to watch friday the aircraft maker and defense contractor's chief executive backed its previous earnings forecast for the year.
4			science	statistics	computer	intelligence	privacy	discovery	technology	speed	space			et might prefer a letter description: we check in with the progress of search for extraterrestrial intelligence. a paper published this week in the journal nature argues that for sending lots of data over long distances, it 's hard
2			beijing	game	olympic	olympics	athletics	sport	london	football	berlin			london bid for best ever olympics in 2012: world news: london, nov 20 :london has launched its bid to host the 2012 olympics with a pledge that it would be the best games the world has ever seen .
3			business	investor	company	growth	profit	risk	money	surprise			blazing u.s. profit growth to cool wall street investors will get their first glimpses in september of how companies performed in the third quarter, and financial experts say don't look for too many positive earnings surprises.
4			nano	computer	hardware	storage	technology	nec	quantum	ibm	security			nec extends quantum cryptography range and speed nec corp. researchers have developed a quantum cryptography system with sufficient speed and range to make it commercially viable. it could go on sale in the second half of 2005, the researchers said thursday.
4			storage	technology	quantum	performance	patent	security			quantum acquires tape drive maker certance storage vendor quantum wednesday said in a statement that it has agreed to purchase certance llc, a manufacturer of tape based storage devices in costa mesa, calif.
2			history	hockey	sport	football	hero	toronto	canada			doan an instant hero in canada scoring the decisive goal for team canada in an important game comes with an instant one way ticket to heroville north of the border.
2			olympics	sport	athlete	swimming	wrestling			he's running with it when nbc first called bob neumeier, he was asked if he'd be willing to work on olympics wrestling and rowing coverage in athens. i was flattered and grateful for the opportunity, he said. he was willing to learn the nuances of those sports at the olympic level and start mastering the pronunciation of hundreds of new names.
4			electronics	computer	hacking	hardware	software	technology	tech	security	linux			mitsubishi pulling out of large lcds with the economy slowly turning up, upgrading hardware has been on businesses radar in the past 12 months as their number two priority.
1			election	politics	inflation	result	germany	austria	loss	party			schroeder 's party avoids major losses germany 's governing social democrats emerged from local elections in the country 's most populous state sunday trailing well behind the conservative opposition in projections, but party leaders were relieved they avoided major new losses.
3			business	growth	finance	profit	loss	risk	money			earnings alert: sco to cap legal expenses plus: novell sees weakness in it spending...salesforce reports rise in profit...nortel to lay off 3,500...intuit posts loss while revenue rises.
3			trading	statistics	share	technology	marketing	company	stock	research	industry			applied materials applied materials amat: news, chart, profile shares were off two cents to $ 16.05 in trading before the bell wednesday and had wavered around break even in late trading tuesday after the results were announced.
2			history	life	basketball	sport	football	drug	money			clyde drexler tops hall of fame inductees as a kid alone on the houston playgrounds, clyde drexler would imagine he was dr. j with a championship on the line. but drexler never dreamed he would be inducted into the basketball hall of fame. or that the hall of famer who would present him at the ceremonies friday would be good friend julius erving.
1			politics	election	history	israel	democracy	corruption	iraq	power	terrorism	leadership			standing firm, arafat seen to counter his critics palestinian leader yasser arafat appears to have faced down the biggest challenge to his leadership in years without giving ground on demands to overhaul his administration, while prime minister ariel sharon of israel struggles to chart a new political course amid rising dissent in his party, officials and analysts say.
2			coaching	baseball	statistics	scouting	sport	nfl	football			colvin likes getting in on action it all feels different to rosevelt colvin. a 10 1 season feels different than the 13 3 season he experienced with the chicago bears under dick jauron in 2000.
2			coaching	history	statistics	espn	sport	packer	football	performance	quarterback	stats			milestones and streaks to watch for packers qb brett favre is approaching several plateaus: his 13th 3,000 yard season would tie dan marino for most all time; should he lead the league in td passes, he would break the record of four he shares with johnny unitas, len dawson, and steve young; favre is tied with marino 10 for most consecutive seasons with 20 td passes.
4			product	manufacturing	sale	technology	child	toy	education	industry			toys r us posts operating loss toys r us inc. toy.n: quote, profile, research , which is considering getting out of the toy business, on monday posted a second quarter operating loss on poor sales of video games and markdowns on older merchandise.
2			baseball	brady	sport	football	quarterback			hanging with the horses when the colts run edge: patriots speculation swirled all summer about tailback edgerrin james returning to miami where he lives and starred in college to fill the void left by ricky williams 's unexpected retirement from the dolphins. whether there 's any substance to the rumors remains to be seen. this distraction may be good news for the colts. if ...
1			politics	america	election	democracy	voting	race	money			election will dominate wall street 's moves does wall street like bush or kerry? at this point, investors would be happy with having a clear winner by the opening bell on wednesday, no matter who it might be.
2			coaching	baseball	espn	basketball	sport	temple	football	texas	byu			no. 15 wvirginia beats temple 42 21 kay jay harris caught two scoring passes and ran for two other touchdowns to lead no. 15 west virginia to a 42 21 victory over temple on saturday.
3			company	entrepreneur	business			uk net entrepreneurs to run web startup soflow two british entrepreneurs who founded online dating service and sold it last year to media mogul barry diller's interactive corp for 150 million, have resurfaced to run a professionals networking web start up.
1			politics	democracy	china	society	corruption	economics	reform	religion	ethics			analysis china uses deng xiaoping centenary to laud reform the architect of china 's dramatic economic reforms. a benevolent leader who rehabilitated millions purged in the chaotic 1966 76 cultural revolution. a military genius. an avid bridge player. a family man.
1			politics	controversy	protest	violence	art	political	censorship	terrorism			caution: angry artists at work political fervor stemming from the republican national convention is being translated into art in mediums that range from painting and sculpture to web art to political ephemera.
4			computer	business	software	microsoft	technology	apple	hp	patent	linux			jboss deal puts hp back into middleware market with the jboss deal, hewlett packard gets middleware, a business it abandoned two years ago when it dumped its bluestone software after buying the company in 2000.
4			virus	worm	alien	technology			spies prize webcam 's eyes a new worm has been discovered in the wild that 's not just settling for invading users pcs it wants to invade their homes, too.
4			developer	application	java	software	technology	microsoft	development	productivity	windows			microsoft readies beta for application life cycle management microsoft is refreshing the beta release of its visual studio 2005 developer tool platform to feature the full range of technologies planned for the companys team system application life cycle management system, microsoft representatives acknowledged on friday.
4			electronics	computer	hardware	software	technology	machine	pcs	computing			3 point shopping for a computer buying a computer should be easy almost anything sold today should competently handle most home computing chores. but it's not, since so many companies market essentially the same machine.
4			computer	linux	manufacturing	technology	hp	ibm	productivity	computing	industry			ibm draws power for mid sized biz ibm 's homegrown server processor, the power5, continues its migration across an ever widening range of systems; this time making its way to machines aimed at the upper edges of the smb market, especially those firms in retail, finance, banking, and health
2			coaching	prep	basketball	athletics	sport	rule	recruiting	football	stanford			prep banned from iac georgetown prep's football team will not be allowed to play in the interstate athletic conference, not because the little hoyas broke any rules, but because they're too good.
2			game	gaming	sport	technology	car	entertainment	motorsport			gta: san andreas an in depth look there 's no use in arguing about it the grand theft auto series for the playstation 2 is currently the driving force behind the video game industry.
4			computer	business	privacy	technology	microsoft	google	security	windows			review: microsoft fingerprint reader delivers spend time online and odds are you'll have to type a username and password to check your e mail, access your bank account or read a newspaper story. enter microsoft corp...
4			mobile	roaming	network	mobility	wireless	technology	telecom	telecommunication			t mobile in wi fi roaming pact t mobile has signed an agreement with six international wireless telephony companies to simplify roaming and billing arrangements for customers using wi fi around the world.
2			family	game	gaming	movie	sport	child	entertainment			new jfk video game called despicable a new video game that allows players to recreate the 1963 assassination of us president john f. kennedy is being called despicable by family members.
4			science	electronics	computer	biotechnology	technology	tech	innovation	education			small college debates its high tech gamble small, poor and 45 minutes from the nearest town with a shopping mall, west virginia wesleyan college couldn't attract enough students to fill its classrooms and improve its struggling finances. to survive and thrive, it needed to stand out. the answer, college leaders decided, was technology.
1			politics	election	president	history	china	jiang	power	strategy	leadership			hu becomes china military chief jiang zemin has given up the top job in china 's military, handing over the post to communist party chief hu jintao and completing a historic leadership transition to a younger generation.
3			business	investor	speculation	investing	company	stock	finance	sprint			stocks rally, sprint nextel talk helps stocks rose on thursday as investors bet on a year end rally, while talk of a possible merger by telecommunications companies sprint and nextel and upbeat earnings from chip maker national semiconductor corp.
4			aviation	software	technology	accountability	performance	information	nasa	oversight			faa needs to broaden it management, oversight, gao says the federal aviation administration needs to improve its software acquisition process and overcome weaknesses that could lead to cost overruns, schedule delays and performance shortfalls, the government accountability office has concluded in two new
2			baseball	sport	football	lester	drug	money			lester left with an empty feeling larry lester seemed inconsolable as he sat on a chair outside the visitors' locker room at heinz field. his head bowed, lester agonized over the fumble he lost in overtime in boston college's 20 17 setback yesterday to the pittsburgh panthers.
3			business	technology	credit	bank	finance	fraud	bankruptcy	money	banking			mbna gets ok for joint card venture the us supreme court on monday opened a new business frontier for mbna corp. by clearing the way for the wilmington based credit card giant and american express to jointly issue a credit card for the first time.
1			election	politics	war	democracy	iran	bush	iraq	terrorism			bush says delaying vote would send 'wrong signal' president bush joined the interim president of iraq yesterday in insisting that iraqi elections be held jan. 30, saying that keeping to the election schedule will deter insurgents and quicken the pace toward peace and democracy in iraq.
4			computer	software	privacy	technology	nothing	google	windows			google desktop search versus microsoft windows search google desktop search versus microsoft windows search google desktop search software can't find your lost keys or tell you where you left the tivo remote control, or that your glasses are on top of your head, where you left them. but the beta software from google labs is nothing short of ...
2			politics	coaching	retirement	sport	race	recruiting	football	money	talent			report: irish pick weis at the beginning of the week, those following the notre dame coaching search were convinced that the next name closely linked to the school would be the man to get the job, largely because
3			industry	computer	business	strategy	bankruptcy	competition	consolidation	merger			antitrust ruling reverberates oracle corp. was not the only beneficiary of a federal judge's ruling late thursday that it could proceed with its $ 7.7 billion hostile takeover bid for software rival peoplesoft inc. yesterday, the stock prices of numerous software firms surged during widespread speculation that the antitrust ruling could spark a wave of consolidation in the industry.
3			business	ceo	sale	amazon	finance	productivity	accounting	sap	industry			sap reports 15 percent rise in 3q profit sap ag, the german business management software maker, reported a 15 percent jump in third quarter net profit thursday, citing increased sales across the globe.
3			business	price	sale	marketing	money	profit	finance	competition	retail			bj's profit rises; food, gas sales strong bj's wholesale club inc. on tuesday posted higher quarterly profit as soaring gasoline prices and strong demand for food boosted sales.
2			olympics	running	athletics	sport	race	football	athlete	swimming			jeers turn to cheers shrugging off the boos and jeers that delayed the start, shawn crawford led an american sweep of the medals in the men 's 200 metre race yesterday at the summer games.
4			computer	linux	network	chip	hardware	storage	technology	networking	computing	server			amd hatches new naming plan for chip generations com november 15, 2004, 11:32 am pt. organizations are replacing aging servers with newer more powerful boxes, often linux based, and theyre also investing in storage.
3			shoe	business	ceo	trend	sale	growth	loss	ft	competition	money			payless sales drop, president exits footwear chain payless shoesource inc. on thursday posted worse than expected sales at stores open at least a year in august and said its president, duane cantrell, will step down effective immediately, sending its shares down 8 percent.
3			trading	share	price	investing	shareholder	company	stock	market	finance	competition			b foods falls flat in public debut b foods holdings corp. fell flat in its trading debut thursday, and shares were nearly unchanged from their reduced opening price in friday afternoon activity as investors mulled mixed results from two other
2			coaching	sport	recruiting	football	talent			gators are looking to past for future the search for a new coach at the university of florida should and will be a short one. former gators coach steve spurrier soon will be back in gainesville. spurrier's season of self imposed inactivity after resigning from the washington redskins following last season is almost over, and word has it he was starting to look around for new ...
2			politics	britain	history	england	rugby	sport	football			clubs bite back after most bitter of parting shots sir clive woodward is finally gone but he will not be forgotten at twickenham in a hurry after an extraordinary farewell outburst yesterday in which he took deliberate aim at the heart of english rugby, condemning the rugby football union as toothless and
2			mlb	baseball	espn	sport	football	stadium	softball	money			washington mayor: baseball deal near dead washington, dc, mayor anthony williams on wednesday said the deal to bring major league baseball back to the us capital was close to dead after the city council changed the plan to require private financing.
1			politics	diplomacy	safety	war	violence	democracy	peace	conflict	terrorism	security			ivory coast rebels ask mbeki to help with security ivory coast 's rebels have asked president thabo mbeki to help provide security when they begin to disarm. laurent gbagbo, ivory coast 's president, has acceded to mbeki 's request to create a conducive atmosphere
1			election	america	president	politics	democracy	clinton	bush	washington			predicting a president: slight shift to bush on newspaper sites' electoral maps new york for the second day in a row, the los angeles times and usa today were the only newspaper sites to shift their electoral college numbers in e p's exclusive tracking of seven major newspaper web sites with electoral college maps.
4			virus	hacking	technology	internet	zombie	linux			cisco property to be sniffs out spam 'zombies' p cube, soon to be acquired by the networking giant, adds feature to help broadband service providers fight zombie e mail attacks.
4			electronics	computer	mac	car	technology	apple	macintosh	design			big buzz over coming imac with apple computer 's next imac expected to be unveiled this week, mac fan web sites are buzzing with speculation over the design.
4			computer	buying	privacy	technology	marketing	shopping	advertising	consumer			some shoppers find fewer happy returns as retailers collect more personal information into databases, computers are handed increasing power to make decisions about consumers' lives.
1			election	abortion	politics	television	democracy	voting	poll	candidate	voter			undecided voter? try this quiz while most voters have chosen their favorite candidate for president, several sites offer online tests for the undecided. in some cases, the results can be quite contradictory. by joanna glasner.
2			coaching	basketball	sport	football	coach	stanford			leland task: find bright coach cheap what they re looking for again at stanford is a football coach who 's worth keeping but also a football coach who isn 't worth more to someone else.
4			authentication	computer	fingerprint	privacy	biotechnology	technology	security			ibm laptop features fingerprint scanner thinkpad t42 is equipped with biometric device designed to limit access to sensitive data.
4			mobile	connectivity	wireless	nokia	broadband	technology	video			mobile phone firms link for new high speed standard leading wireless carriers and telecoms equipment makers have agreed to develop an advanced mobile phone standard capable of sending high resolution video in an instant, japan's ntt docomo said on friday.
3			manufacturing	technology	company	growth	bankruptcy	patent	competition	consolidation	industry			halliburton says it may separate kbr unit halliburton co. said thursday it would restructure its kbr unit and may shed the business if the company's stock performance continues to lag behind peers.
4			mobile	business	gaming	technology	nokia	innovation	money	phone			nokia's back on top after a dismal start to 2004, nokia nyse: nok news is finally reasserting its dominance in the cell phone market, proving, once again, why it's good to be the top dog in your industry.
2			coaching	baseball	espn	basketball	sport	football	coach	vs	stats			raptors hand utah first loss the raptors posted a stunning victory against a previously undefeated opponent last night, but they lost one of their key players, possibly for a while.
3			business	privacy	company	oracle	bankruptcy	corporation	gambling	competition	money			europe's regulators say it's ok if oracle acquires peoplesoft oracle chief executive larry ellison might well raise his offer of 21 per share to buy business software rival peoplesoft , they say.
2			success	hockey	sport	football	winning	competition	victory	champion	canada			kookas enjoy last laugh having finally wrapped their hands around the holy grail an olympic gold medal ustralia 's men 's hockey players retired to their dressingrooms to perform a victory ritual immortalised by a national team familiar with success.
4			electricity	revenue	technology	money	telecommunication	patent	competition	cost			nortel says 3rd qtr revenue will fall from 2nd qtr nortel networks corp., north america 's largest telephone equipment maker, said third quarter revenue will fall from the second quarter 's $ 2.
3			business	ceo	privacy	technology	marketing	strategy	advertising	innovation	ethics			trash your xerox if there were a contest for world 's worst corporate slogan, technology document management consulting services would definitely make the top 10.
1			politics	election	revolution	protest	war	democracy	violence	religion	terrorism	freedom			fight for aristide continues supporters demanding the return of ousted president jean bertrand aristide hurled stones and fired shots in the air yesterday, the third straight day of violent protests that have killed 12 people so far.
3			business	company	oracle	stock	market	finance	bankruptcy	corporation	email	industry			stocks surge on oracle, peoplesoft merger investors welcomed the end of oracle corp. 's 18 month battle to take over peoplesoft inc., pushing stocks higher monday. a better than expected survey of retail sales also helped the markets.
4			politics	science	computer	democracy	technology	innovation	leadership			leader: has lycos empowered the spammers? even in the fleeting and transitory world of technology, lycos spam busting screensaver was the most short lived of initiatives.
1			politics	election	controversy	democrat	race	strategy	debate	republican	money			for cheney and edwards, efforts to improve on the other debate loyalists of both parties might think the no. 2 candidates were more slashing debaters than john kerry and president bush.
1			election	britain	abortion	politics	labour	democrat	democracy	conservative			'come and join us' urges howard michael howard brings his party's annual conference to a close with a pitch to labour and lib dem voters.
1			politics	election	democracy	voting	poll	candidate	voter	mccain			u.s. troop numbers in iraq to hit record 150,000 the u.s. military will boost its troops in iraq to 150,000 this month, the highest level since the war began in march 2003, in order to improve security for scheduled jan 30. elections, the pentagon said on wednesday.
4			manufacturing	production	technology	manufacturer	innovation	factory	productivity	export	industry			s p 500 rises on news of more factory orders the standard poor 's 500 index rose as a government report showed factory orders for items such as computers and electronics climbed last month, suggesting strength in manufacturing.
4			network	ethernet	software	technology	system	networking	security	linux			bmc looks to simplify network operations bmc software is expected to announce upgrades to two of its systems management products on monday.
1			election	politics	democrat	democracy	chaos	money			2004 us senate outlook with all the hoopla over bush and kerry, some of you may not have been paying close attention to the other races going on in this loaded us political season. i've read a good dozen or so senate outlooks, and my blurry eyes and spinning brain kept getting lost in all the numbers and losing track of who, ultimately, was likely to control the senate on november third. so i made my very own senate outlook to figure it out or add further confusion, depending on what you think of my predictions . the bad news is, we probably won't know who controls the senate on november third. the good news, if you're a democrat or a person who loves one , is that my best guess at this point is that when the dust settles, democrats will probably be in control by the very slimmest possible margin. shock! but everyone knows the dems have no chance of taking either house of congress. i think everyone hasn't been paying attention. read on for my rundown.
3			business	ceo	takeover	shareholder	company	oracle	uncertainty	bankruptcy			ellison: oracle makes final peoplesoft bid, but ceo can 't buy ... news people presented its best and final offer for takeover prey peoplesoft nasdaq: psft news people monday.
4			product	manufacturing	technology	standard	performance	finance	semiconductor	silicon	industry			chartered semi lowers 4q outlook chartered semiconductor manufacturing ltd. on tuesday lowered its fourth quarter expectations as it becomes the latest chip maker to express concerns about weaker demand from customers.
4			product	sale	technology	marketing	automation	strategy	hr	industry			marketing automation's day in the sun although marketing automation has been around as long as crm has, in the past few years suite makers have focused more attention on refining sfa, customer service and self service functions.
4			learning	technology	finance	innovation	patent	money	education	healthcare			kkr strikes the firm gets 90 of the take from knowledge learning's buyout of kindercare.
4			linux	business	software	microsoft	technology	patent	money	security	industry			qualcomm acquires small uk software company in cash deal qualcomm, the san diego cell phone technology developer, said yesterday it has acquired a british software company for $ 36 million in cash.
4			network	connectivity	ethernet	technology	ip	cisco	networking	switch			fujitsu, cisco to develop routers, switches fujitsu ltd. and cisco systems inc. said today they have agreed to enter into a strategic alliance focusing on routers and switches that will help service providers and enterprises build advanced ip networks.
3			business	abbey	management	bank	finance	money	email	banking			abbey top job for santander man the new owners of abbey national, banco santander central hispano, yesterday appointed their own man to head up their 9.1bn acquisition and pledged not to close any of abbey 's 740 branches.
2			baseball	game	espn	sport	nfl	football			football action that 's worth tackling for anyone wondering what it might be like to bow in a huddle with tom brady, espn nfl 2k5 is the game for you. in the game 's first person mode, players can maraud about while viewing the action from behind a face mask.
2			coaching	baseball	espn	basketball	sport	golf	recruiting	football	alabama	virginia			noles in running for bcs berth when virginia coach al groh met bobby bowden at midfield saturday night after florida state 's 36 3 victory, he offered some advice.
2			coaching	baseball	miami	sport	football	scoring	quarterback			hester: many happy returns the suncoast grad turns a punt into a score for the third time this season. miami whenever devin hester touches the ball, he not only knows a big play is possible, he expects it.
1			election	politics	history	voting	race	strategy	debate	rivalry			in presidential debates, a duel of wits and styles if they resemble past debates, the impact this year will go well beyond a mere judgment of who won and who lost.
3			acquisition	investing	technology	company	growth	finance	money	capital	merger			merger, purchase activity climbing two studies released this week confirm that venture capital funding is lagging in colorado in comparison with other parts of the nation.
4			electronics	radio	ringing	cellular	technology	wireless	telecommunication	phone			'ringback' tones may be next big thing ring tones are so yesterday. if wireless companies have their way, the next multibillion dollar surprise in the cellular business will be ringback tones.
4			windows	computer	hardware	unix	technology	microsoft	linux			us telecoms giant looks at throwing windows out network services giant at is evaluating different operating systems, including linux and mac os x, as alternatives to windows for internal use.
1			politics	history	analysis	democracy	china	economics	strategy	philosophy			analysis: jiang zemin 's departure his philosophy has underpinned china 's opaque and secretive political system and, for this reason, jiang zemin 's decision to stand down as army chief three years ahead of schedule marks the real handover of authority.
4			computer	hacking	safety	secrecy	privacy	technology	encryption	security			google desktop search doesn 't threaten security opinion: privacy hysterics bring old whine in new bottles to the internet party. the desktop search beta from this web search leader doesn 't do anything you can 't do already.
4			business	privacy	technology	company	internet	google	money			sbc, bellsouth let their fingers do the walking sbc communications and bellsouth will acquire with the goal of building the site into a nationwide online business index, the companies said thursday.
1			election	politics	israel	democracy	iran	iraq	terrorism	party			israel 's labour seals deal to join sharon 's coalition israel 's opposition labour party is likely to join israeli prime minister ariel sharon 's coalition next week, a move that could promote his gaza pullout plan and avoid
2			politics	boxing	baseball	basketball	sport	football	tennis	wrestling	money			morrissey keeps gda on the run a good subplot can be one of the most intriguing parts of a sports story. sammy sosa chasing mark mcgwire while the cardinals chased the cubs. shaq and kobe feuding while the lakers ran off three consecutive championships.
4			electronics	computer	game	gaming	music	technology	car	entertainment	gambling			rumor: next generation apple ipod to feature downloadable games? apple 's ipod has lately been subject to the rumor of the week, rich duprey writes for the motley fool. gaming is the latest rumor to have attracted attention.
3			revenue	ceo	trend	sale	stock	profit	finance	money			nordstrom 3q earnings beat expectations department store operator nordstrom inc. on tuesday said third quarter profit jumped on higher sales, inventory changes and lower expenses, leading it above wall street estimates.
1			politics	america	election	history	democracy	iraq	money	politician			web sites spoof bush, kerry with parodies if you're not ready to feverishly debate iraq or the deficit in this bitterly divisive election year, you can always surf the web, where politics is frequently nothing but a big joke.
3			revenue	manufacturing	trend	sale	technology	company	growth	patent	security	industry			amd warns of lower sales semiconductor maker advanced micro devices inc. warned on monday that its quarterly revenue will be lower than forecast, citing softness in sales of its memory chips used in cell phones and other devices. the company's shares fell after the warning.
4			security	computer	safety	traffic	speeding	technology	transportation	money	speed	surveillance			alabama troopers issue electronic tickets alabama state troopers are getting on the information highway. fifty state trooper cars are already equipped with laptop computers, scanners and printers that allow them to issue traffic tickets electronically, and the goal is to have the equipment in all 325 patrol cars within two years, state public safety director mike coppage said thursday.
4			authentication	hacking	privacy	technology	encryption	protection	security			symantec to reinforce data protection company's upgrades will put a particular focus on protecting personal information from online thieves.
4			trend	digital	photo	technology	film	photography	industry			digital driving kodak, shares up eastman kodak co. ek.n: quote, profile, research on wednesday raised its growth forecast on digital products and services, the areas the photography company is depending
3			family	money	italy	business			difficult but necessary robert polet may not be elaborating on the reasons for gucci ceo giacomo santucci departure from the company yesterday, but he 's made his point.
3			income	statistics	business	revenue	sale	technology	marketing	profit	advertising	industry			update 1: american greetings returns to profit in 2q licensing income helped boost american greetings corp. to a profit in its second quarter, even though sales at the greeting cards maker were flat.
1			scotland	election	politics	democracy	talk	parliament	ireland	wales	change			key ni talks move into third day northern ireland's politicians attend a third day of talks aimed at restoring devolved government.
4			processor	computer	chip	technology	hp	intel	computing	linux			intel's dual core chips debut company outlines plans for yonah notebook processor, demonstrates desktop chip.
1			election	politics	democracy	political	corruption			candidate for democratic party arrested in china ong kong, aug. 17 an already heated election campaign for the legislature here took an unexpected turn today with an announcement by the democratic party that one of its candidates had been arrested in mainland china on charges of ...
1			politics	science	government	funding	greed	money	education			bankrolling stem cell research with california dollars the only possible source for adequate support of our medical schools and medical research is the taxing power of the federal government.
2			cuba	baseball	boxing	australia	basketball	athletics	sport	football	jamaica			heart breaking loss for tall blacks the tall blacks were eliminated from the medal round of the athens olympics on monday after suffering a heartbreaking 88 84 loss to spain.
2			cycling	doping	sport	athlete	cyclist	switzerland	drug	racing			cycling union rejects phonak licence appeal doping scandals have cost the swiss cycling team, phonak, a place on next years protour circuit, which includes the world 's biggest cycling events.
1			politics	war	warfare	terrorism	debate	battle	weapon	fear			ahead of announcement for nobel peace prize, odds favour fight ... speculation on who will win the nobel peace prize has been hotly focused on the battle against one of the great threats to world peace: weapons of mass destruction.
2			baseball	senior	scouting	basketball	sport	recruiting	football	scoring	player	lloyd			it's career day for pingree's lloyd pingree's david lloyd matched his career high of 34 points in the second half alone as he totaled a school record 61 points yesterday in a 78 68 win over host cambridge school of weston. lloyd, a senior guard, added nine assists and four steals.
4			network	connectivity	ethernet	technology	ip	cisco	telecommunication	networking	switch	linux			cisco and fujitsu team up tokyo: fujitsu ltd and cisco systems inc have agreed to form a strategic alliance, focusing on routers and switches that will enable businesses to build advanced internet protocol ip networks.
4			electronics	itunes	ipod	music	technology	innovation	apple			ipod rivals square off against apple the next wave of ipod competitors is coming.
4			mobile	network	mobility	broadband	technology	patent	carrier	phone			vodafone plans worldwide 3g expansion vodafone is to kick start a global push into 3g with an array of mobile phones that is likely to outstrip the range of handsets being sold by many of its rivals.
4			ceo	technology	company	apple	hp	semiconductor	intel	industry			intel names otellini as next ceo paul otellini, a 30 year intel corp. veteran who oversaw the launch of the pentium processor in the 1990s, will replace chief executive craig barrett when he steps down to become chairman in may, the semiconductor giant's board of directors announced thursday.
4			network	connectivity	collaboration	ethernet	technology	communication	telecommunication	networking	security			consortium works on network interoperability a new international group of defense contractors and systems integrators plans to accelerate increased interoperability in network systems that serve the military, first responders and, eventually, commercial users.
3			business	ceo	management	marketing	strategy	money	leadership			career imperative: get inside the boss head jp morgan chase 's decision to in source the bulk of the it operations it recently outsourced points to what could be one of the great career planning hazards over the next couple years: divining what direction it strategy is headed.
1			politics	controversy	revolution	democracy	islam	censorship	reform	change			analysis saudi thwarts protests but reformists demand change saudi rulers may have breathed a sigh of relief when protests calling for change were thwarted this week but reformists, scholars and even royal family members say the challenge will not go away.
3			product	buying	revenue	trend	sale	marketing	growth	profit	consumer	retail			home depot quarterly profit rises home depot inc. , the world's largest home improvement retailer, on tuesday said quarterly profit rose, topping estimates, as technology upgrades and other store improvements helped boost sales.
4			software	technology	licensing	copyright	piracy	patent	license	linux			kicking and screaming it appears software vendors and their customers are at opposite ends of the spectrum when it comes to newfangled licensing techniques.
4			linux	hardware	software	technology	microsoft	patent	intel	security	windows			microsoft backs free dual core licences software megalith microsoft said it will not charge its customers extra for using its software on hardware platforms with dual core processors.
4			trend	technology	evolution	marketing	strategy	innovation	advertising	industry			firefox browser sees surge in use a sudden, measurable decline in market share in any product over the course of a few months says something, even if that product is one whose producer still holds about 90 of the market in question.
4			virus	computer	hacking	business	secrecy	privacy	technology	email	security			brand name isn 't always better at least when it comes to ... chances are, if your employees are using microsoft corp. 's internet explorer to surf the web or outlook to check e mail, your company is more exposed to viruses and spyware, some security experts say.
3			business	ceo	management	technology	executive	company	microsoft	ibm			peoplesoft product exec follows ceo out the door just a week after peoplesoft ousted former chief executive craig conway, it has announced that another top executive ram gupta, who had been executive vice president of products and technology as left.
2			baseball	team	college	soccer	athletics	sport	recruiting	football	transfer			four colleges double kicks boston college and connecticut in division 1, franklin pierce in division 2, and wheaton in division 3 share the distinction as new england schools with men's and women's soccer teams in the ncaa tournaments.
3			taiwan	business	trend	sale	technology	marketing	finance	holiday	money	industry			american greetings reinstates dividend greeting card maker american greetings corp. has reinstated its quarterly dividend after three years, as the company swings to profitability.
4			computer	hacking	acquisition	network	privacy	technology	networking	email	security			computer associates buys netegrity computer associates will pay about $ 430 million in cash to acquire security software company netegrity, which makes the siteminder access management application.
4			electronics	device	technology	semiconductor	samsung	silicon			samsung electronics unveils world's highest resolution chip for handsets south korea's samsung electronics unveiled a new semiconductor chip that it says uses new technology to greatly enhance the quality of images on handset display panels.
4			electronics	computer	pc	technology	internet	pcs	email	computing	linux			amd launches pc for the rest of us world amd yesterday formally launched emma its low cost internet access appliance or the personal internet communicator , as its now officially dubbed.
3			insurance	business	shareholder	company	energy	oil	bankruptcy	corporation	petroleum	money			yukos files for bankruptcy protection. yukos oil company announced december 15 it has filed for bankruptcy protection today. please see the company 's statement below.
4			industry	electronics	hardware	technology	nokia	networking	security	linux			nokia joins secure digital memory card group with the economy slowly turning up, upgrading hardware has been on businesses radar in the past 12 months as their number two priority.
2			coaching	history	cycling	rugby	sport	race	rowing	competition	racing			british rowing approaches new era british rowing is entering an exciting new era following the retirement of matthew pinsent, according to several of the sport 's leading figures.
1			election	politics	controversy	history	poll	washington	strategy	money			the democrats' real problem what a difference a couple of weeks make. polling during and just after the republican national convention, time and newsweek have george w. bush ahead of john kerry 52 to 41 percent. post convention polls show bush ahead 52 to 45 percent cnn usa today gallup , 49 to 42 percent cbs , 47 to 43 percent fox news , and 52 to 43 percent abc washington post . post convention polls in battleground states show similar results...
2			cycling	athletics	sport	track	iaaf	competition	event			international track body meets to choose 2009 world championships ... the international association of athletics federations will select the venue of the 2009 world track and field championships from three bidding european cities during its two day meeting this weekend.
4			cyber	hacking	privacy	technology	vulnerability	terrorism	security			us government needs to step up cybersecurity: industry group the us government is falling short in cybersecurity efforts and should take immediate steps to protect the country's technological resources, an industry group said.
4			mobile	network	mobility	wireless	technology	internet	broadband	telecommunication	speed			t mobile usa sees high speed network 2 years off t mobile usa, the u.s. wireless unit of deutsche telekom ag , does not expect to offer broadband mobile data services for at least the next two years, its chief executive said on thursday.
4			science	network	biotechnology	technology	telecommunication	energy	finance	patent	research	physics			presse economique high tech santa clara, calif. business wire sept. 13, 2004 afin de fournir aux entreprises les moyens de se librer des contraintes de travail partir de leurs sites physiques, nortel networks nyse:nt tsx:nt
4			electronics	china	technology	tech	equipment	gear	patent			2 companies to make gear for phoning over internet linksys and netgear, providers of home networking equipment, are expected to announce that they are entering the business of making gear used to place telephone calls over the internet.
4			security	computer	desktop	linux	privacy	technology	warfare	strategy	computing	windows			apple copies windows claim launches desktop wars desktop search means a new battle for dominance between a wide field of competitors, and the warfare has begin. the technology promises users an incredibly fast way to search for data on their drives.
1			politics	election	protest	violence	democracy	russia	ukraine	terrorism			marchers demand fair ukraine poll tens of thousands march in a tense kiev in support for the opposition ahead of next weekend's election.
4			israel	technology	media	content	video	industry			radvision gets deal for partner's 3g video trial israel's radvision said on monday its video services platform has been chosen by mobile phone operator partner communications as a core part of its third generation video services trial.
4			wired	network	ethernet	technology	broadband	internet	philadelphia	wireless			philly has big plans for wi fi in september, the city of philadelphia announced its plans to invest in a new wireless mesh network based on the current wi fi 802.11b standard. by deploying wi fi antennae on streetlights and other traffic control devices, city officials hope they can turn all 135 square miles of philadelphia into the world's largest wireless internet hot spot, according to a press release on the city's website.
3			income	business	revenue	sale	company	growth	profit	money			peoplesoft sees quarterly revenue above estimates new york: peoplesoft inc, fresh from firing its chief executive amid a hostile takeover bid from oracle corp, said yesterday that quarterly revenue would exceed wall street 's expectations helped by an increase in customers making larger orders for its
3			business	ceo	management	company	ownership	houston	bankruptcy	texas	money			here 's a look at houston 's family 's companies, lawsuits winning action investments inc., real estate investment corporation that filed for bankruptcy in february 2003. guy houston signed loan papers as company vice president and was cited with the company by
3			brand	store	trend	sale	retailer	shopping	fashion	retail			saks fifth avenue closing saks fifth avenue, carmel plaza 's retail anchor for nearly two decades, will close in january, the company announced friday. shoppers who fancy the high end store that boasts such brands
4			computer	linux	storage	technology	performance	networking	ibm	availability	computing	server			ibm announces dual core support ibm next week will begin shipping the second generation of its rack mounted dual processor servers based on advanced micro devices opteron microprocessor.
4			windows	pc	computer	television	gaming	technology	consumer	pcs	linux			pc home entertainment options pushed computer companies have been trying for several years to convince consumers that their next pc should also be their hub for home entertainment.
4			electronics	computer	software	privacy	technology	camera	photography	email	security			software tackles digital photo proliferation now that digital cameras have overtaken film cameras in sales, users are beginning to encounter a familiar problem what to do with the bulging image files and folders filling up computer hard drives?
4			statistics	computer	manufacturing	technology	stock	finance	patent	research	money	industry			; gt; eye on stocks news people report fiscal first quarter results well above analysts estimates. the maker of handheld computers reported revenue of $ 273 million and earnings of 43 cents per share
2			coaching	retirement	basketball	recruiting	football	coach			baer understands challenges of nd coach kent baer knows he has a difficult task as notre dame's interim head coach.
1			politics	britain	history	violence	democracy	war	iraq	religion	terrorism			public hostility to iraq war at record levels: poll public distaste with the iraq war in britain has hit its worst ever level, with fewer than a third of people thinking it is the right thing, an opinion poll said.
4			computer	dell	software	privacy	technology	ibm	computing	linux			dell answers the question i don 't know how many times i ve heard the question asked of dell computer and, similarly, i don 't know how many times i ve heard the same answer.
4			computer	printer	manufacturing	technology	manufacturer	email	security	printing			lexmark recalls 39,000 printers lexmark has ordered the recall of more than 39,000 dell, ibm and lexmark branded laser printers due to short circuiting problems that could lead to electrical shocks.
3			revenue	sale	finance	profit	rs	competition	money			vivendi reports sizzling third quarter profits media and mobile telephone group vivendi universal said that third quarter profits had risen by nearly sixfold and upgraded its full year profit outlook owing to a change in tax arrangements.
3			job	overtime	industry	business	technology	company	money	efficiency	number			bolingbrook call center to create hundreds of jobs us cellular vows to create hundreds of jobs when it opens a new bolingbrook call center next year in a facility vacated by a competitor.
4			processor	computer	chip	hardware	intel	semiconductor	pcs	silicon	linux			intel pushes desktops with more spunk, lower prices the chipmaker unveiled on wednesday its intel express 910gl, a chipset that offers pc makers the ability to add more advanced features, such as intel high definition audio, to their low end pcs.
4			flash	progress	usb	technology	performance	silicon	linux			spansion 512 mbit nor flash memory a leader, claims amd spansion llc, the flash memory joint venture of advanced micro devices inc. amd and fujitsu ltd., is mass producing a 512 mbit nor flash memory based on two bit per cell technology called mirrorbit, amd said tuesday nov. 2 .
1			election	abortion	politics	labour	democracy	conservative	parliament	immigration	religion			right turn slovenia has overwhelmingly voted to oust the countrys liberal democrat government in favour of the centre right at the weekends general election.
4			linux	gaming	chip	technology	performance	japan	pricing	intel	industry			elpida makes solid market debut tokyo japanese chip maker elpida memory inc. made a solid market debut on monday, with its shares trading at a 3.4 percent premium over their offer price in the morning session, despite a slowdown in chip demand.
4			electronics	computer	chip	intel	technology	apple	ibm	silicon	industry			ibm to introduce chip for consumer products new york, november 29: international business machines corp is set to introduce a new chip to be used in consumer products that it has developed with sony corp and toshiba corp, the wall street journal reported on monday.
4			computer	pc	linux	privacy	technology	apple	pcs	silicon	windows			intel shelves plan to turn desktop into wi fi hub an ambitious plan to turn millions of desktop computers into hubs of wireless internet access has been shelved after pc makers balked at the price of the feature, intel corp. said on monday.
3			statistics	business	ceo	investor	financial	finance	accounting	money	email	linux			red hat names cfo after restatements red hat inc. , a linux software distributor that in july said it would restate three years' of financial results, on thursday named charles peters as chief financial officer.
4			mobility	ethernet	intel	wireless	technology	broadband	networking	silicon	speed			intel plots path of wimax three years of solid development in wireless broadband lie ahead, intel says, as it gives a first look at its rosedale wimax processor.
3			statistics	revenue	ceo	data	sale	microsoft	company	finance	accounting			microsoft revenue tops forecast microsoft said first revenues were up by 12 per cent as the software company benefited from stronger than expected computer and server shipments.
4			electronics	computer	computing	technology	power	machine	robot	speed	space			but can it leap tall buildings? us supercomputers once again are the fastest in the world, ending an uneasy 2 1 2 year period when a japanese computer far outranked all competitors.
2			baseball	basketball	sport	football	usc	ucla			call him jolly ol st. rick it took all of about five minutes of an introductory press conference wednesday at heritage hall for usc basketball to gain something it never really had before.
4			business	network	technology	wireless	telecommunication	finance	networking	gambling	money			rise of virtual wireless firms operating a wireless phone company is hardly a license to print money. many wireless firms struggle to generate cash flow. it normally takes years to break even.
4			privacy	technology	internet	shopping	website			looksmart acquires looksmart has thrown its hat into the 'personal web' ring, with the acquisition of , a web page clipping and archiving service.
1			politics	election	government	putin	democracy	political	russia	money	politician			russian cosmonaut shargin wants to send politicians to space the top cosmonaut of russias space defense troops lieutenant colonel yuri shargin has proposed sending politicians to space to discipline them.
1			election	america	politics	democracy	issue	economics	problem	money			problems abound in election system when americans go to the polls in november, they will confront a voting system beset by many of the same problems that produced the bitterly disputed outcome four years ago.
1			politics	election	israel	statistics	democracy	progress	option	strategy			the gathering storm the decisions on the disengagement plan to be made by the cabinet today and the knesset on tuesday may be essential steps, but they still will not ensure its implementation.
4			electronics	computer	hardware	technology	power	performance	blade	intel	linux			photo: appro's xtremeblade appro's xtremeblade uses a 12.25 inch chassis that can house blades with two, four or eight opteron processors.
4			politics	computer	business	technology	addiction	innovation	drug	money	security			techs can't find hangover cure there's plenty of good news out there in the technology sector, but nearly five years after the great nasdaq bust of 2000, bellwether firms like cisco systems continue to struggle.
3			product	store	trend	price	sale	marketing	retailer	growth	retail	industry			wal mart says sept. sales up 2.3 percent wal mart stores inc. on saturday said sales at stores open at least a year rose 2.3 percent, according to its preliminary tally, helped by sales of bedding, electronics, food and pet supplies.
3			business	ceo	company	oracle	money	email	industry			oracle vows oversupport for peoplesoft customers business software maker oracle corp. orcl.o: quote, profile, research on tuesday promised to do everything it can to keep peoplesoft inc.
4			algorithms	computer	collaboration	technology	evolution	nasa	ai	computing	linux			nasa claims supercomputing crown the us space agency unveiled a new computer tuesday that it says is the fastest in the world. project columbia, named after the space shuttle that was destroyed early last year, is a cluster of 20 computers linked to work as one.
4			product	electronics	computer	battery	car	technology	tech	innovation	toy	industry			for the gilt edged gadget groover each january, the world 's gizmo freaks, gadget heads, and general arbiters of cool descend on las vegas for ces the consumer electronics show a four day look at what electronics makers worldwide are planning to wow consumers with and thus fatten
4			mobile	network	mobility	technology	broadband	wireless	telecommunication	networking			o2 and nortel demo super fast wireless broadband o2 and nortel have completed live mobile test calls using an emerging technology known as high speed downlink packet access hsdpa , which the firms claim is three times faster than today 's commercial 3g networks.
4			mobile	network	technology	wireless	networking	spectrum	carrier	competition	sprint			for sprint and nextel, a battle with titans when sprint and nextel communications merge, they will be competing against their much larger rivals, cingular wireless and verizon wireless.
3			politics	share	business	india	speculation	corruption	company	shareholder	money			ownership clarification lifts prices of group companies by 5.5 mumbai: mukesh ambani, chairman of the $ 11.5 bn oil to fabrics conglomerate reliance industries, has finally broken his silence over the media speculation surrounding reported differences between him and his younger brother, anil ambani, the companys
4			industry	electronics	lcd	battery	technology	patent	linux			nec licenses honeywell lcd tech honeywell 's legal action against 34 electronics and computing companies for allegedly infringing one of its lcd patents has yielded its first public licensing agreement.
4			hardware	intel	technology	apple	hp	silicon	computing	linux			intel 's dual core chips debut intel outlined its plans for a dual core mobile processor and platform technology this week, but declined to provide any details about the dual core future of its flagship pentium 4 desktop processor.
3			job	business	technology	education	innovation	money	woman			ask a premier 100 it leader: shelley mcintyre shelley mcintyre, vice president of business technology services, it at the guardian life insurance company of america, answers readers' questions about developing new skills and leveraging legacy experience in today's job market.
4			windows	computer	application	hardware	microsoft	pcs	computing	linux			microsoft demonstrates supercomputing windows a forthcoming version of windows server is designed for building supercomputers from clusters of pcs.
4			motorola	network	mobility	ethernet	technology	wireless	telecommunication	networking	patent			motorola to acquire meshnetworks motorola inc. said tuesday it has signed an agreement to acquire meshnetworks inc., a privately held developer of wireless networks.
4			motorola	device	mobility	hardware	performance	architecture	semiconductor	intel	linux			freescale unveils dual core powerpc architecture freescale, motorola 's semiconductor subsidiary until july of this year, announced first details about its dual core core strategy for the e600 powerpc platform.
3			ceo	management	executive	company	corporate	profit	finance	corporation			board members, executives and family members can still benefit many of corporate washington's executives and board members have side deals with the companies they oversee.
4			electricity	network	ethernet	technology	broadband	power	telecommunication	energy	utility			energy execs debate future of broadband over power lines energy executives whose organizations are pioneering the delivery of broadband over power line services see potential in new consumer revenue streams and utility applications such as real time grid monitoring.
4			device	manufacturing	trend	proliferation	technology	semiconductor	performance	patent	silicon	industry			global chip sales growth moderates in july global sales of semiconductors rose 1 percent in july as consumer uncertainty and swelling inventories restrained the industry's pace of growth, the u.s. semiconductor industry association reported on thursday.
4			computer	technology	storage	quantum	time	tape	memory	speed			tape drives are fast enough, says quantum rules out lto as it begins the hunt for dlt's fatter successor
2			coaching	baseball	cheating	basketball	sutton	sport	football			sutton deserves plenty of blame for americans woes hal sutton certainly has the ball coach schtick down pat. he can recruit talent, chew players out, pat them on the back and toss out one liners with the best of them.
1			politics	election	kerry	debate	mccain			bush, kerry tentatively ok three debates the campaigns of president bush and sen. john kerry tentatively have agreed to a series of three debates that both sides hope will give them momentum in the closing weeks of the presidential election campaign, a person familiar with the debate negotiations said sunday night...
4			symbol	electronics	network	technology	networking	patent	security			wi fi world under threat from symbol patent wireless vendor symbol technologies inc. has told us it will be seeking a big license fee from all wi fi equipment vendors for an infringed patent. and according to one manufacturer, proxim corp., it stands a good chance of getting it.
4			computer	hacking	software	privacy	technology	encryption	microsoft	security	windows			microsoft to warn of security flaws criticized for a program that only provided some of its largest customers with warnings on security problems in its products, microsoft corp. now says it will give all computer users early word on such issues.
2			baseball	injury	statistics	hockey	basketball	sport	football			college hockey: former cornell player dana antal scores game ... injuries kept former cornell athlete dana antal out of the spotlight of the canadian national team for the better part of five
1			politics	america	election	democracy	change	money			more election response more and more bloggers are waking to the news: lessig : ... bush has won the popular vote. and it would take a freak of nature to imagine the 220,000 provisional ballots would fall strongly enough to shift ohio. he will win the college. he is our president legitimately, and credibly. our criticism of this administration must now focus narrowly and sharply: on the policies, not on the credibility of the man. joi ito : as larry says, it's over. let it go. jon is saying, don't complain organize! although the previous post about the wacky voting system is interesting, it's unlikely that any sort of recount or technicality will change the fact that today, the people of the uni ...
1			politics	election	congress	intelligence	cia	bush			senate mulls whether goss should head cia even as congress revamps the nation's intelligence network, lawmakers appear intent on getting a new cia chief in office before they adjourn next month for the november election. president bush's choice for the post, retiring rep...
3			business	coffee	starbucks	marketing	growth	money			starbucks profit climbs, extra week helps starbucks corp. , the world's largest coffee shop chain, on wednesday said quarterly net profit rose 47 percent, helped by its aggressive store expansion and an extra week in the period.
4			mobile	electronics	device	technology	multimedia	samsung	linux			samsung mobile phone memory card samsung electronics announced yesterday that it has developed a small, low power, multimedia memory card mmc for mobile phones. the new removable mmcmicro memory card
4			mobile	mobility	privacy	technology	smartphone	vision	phone			cingular wireless makes phone for vision impaired a new cellular application promises to help vision impaired people who can't read the screen of a mobile phone. it responds to spoken commands with voice recognition technology and reads back menu options, text messages, and other information to the user...
3			business	sale	technology	marketing	finance	advertising	fraud	drug	money	security			how to spot a serial acquirer acquisitions can juice sales but can also lead to messy balance sheets. a simple test can sort them out.
4			battery	recycling	safety	electricity	pollution	technology	company	industry			company recalls 158,000 light bulbs a company is recalling about 158,000 fluorescent light bulbs because they can overheat and spark, the government said wednesday.
4			mobile	technology	smartphone	nokia	ios	phone			nokia sees multimedia phones as major growth driver in asia ... nov. 4 nokia is moving rapidly in the multimedia smart phone segment in the asia pacific market as part of its strategy to focus on what it sees as a key growth driver next year, with the introduction of three new interactive application handsets.
4			hacking	war	gaming	technology	internet	tech	warfare	terrorism			clash of the tech titans the internet's biggest players are preparing for all out war, adding new weapons to their arsenals in hopes that they can offer the best full suite of digital services to future net users.
2			politics	boxing	sport	rule	gambling	competition	boxer			ali calls for u.s. boxing commission boxing great muhammad ali asked congress on thursday to create a u.s. boxing commission, saying oversight by the federal government is needed to protect boxers from exploitation and injury...
4			analysis	data	trend	technology	innovation	analytics	research	google	money			after the bell magma sinks, starbucks off and hot topic jumps shares of software maker magma design automation lava.o: quote, profile, research slid over 10 percent in after hours trade after warning that second quarter orders would fall short of expectations.
2			baseball	injury	sport	football	stress			bashed by the bus comparing the jets 17 6 loss to the pittsburgh steelers on sunday to their loss to the new england patriots seven weeks ago is like comparing a torn ligament to a broken bone.
1			election	politics	democracy	kabul	iran	iraq	candidate	afghanistan			official campaign opens in afghan presidential poll the official month long campaign for afghanistan's first ever direct presidential election opened on tuesday in what will be a major test of u.s. led nation building efforts since the 2001 ouster of the taliban.
3			revenue	ceo	loss	profit	finance	bankruptcy	competition	industry			peoplesoft posts third quarter profit peoplesoft inc. on thursday reported a quarterly net profit, after a year earlier loss, as the company saw stronger sales of its business software than what it had forecast earlier despite its continued fight to block a takeover from rival oracle corp.
4			product	electronics	manufacturing	technology	apple	hp	patent	innovation	industry			hp 's ipod leads product rush with its enterprise division still reeling from its financial woes, hp quote, chart announced today 25 new consumer products it hopes will reinvigorate its brand.
4			testing	test	google	technology			google rolls out test of short message service google inc. on thursday announced a new test service that allows people to use mobile phones or handheld devices to tap google 's web search via text messages, or short message service.
4			computer	astronomy	computing	linux	technology	nasa	aerospace	silicon	space	physics			sgi and nasa claim supercomputer world record silicon graphics inc and nasa can claim to have created the world 's most powerful supercomputer with the installation of the new linux and intel corp itanium 2 based columbia supercomputer.
4			electronics	computer	radiation	device	chip	technology	semiconductor	silicon			boldly going where no chips have gone before one of the last frontiers of semiconductor technology environments where electronic devices have to run at high power, in fierce heat or at lethal doses of radiation may be about to fall.
3			business	revenue	technology	company	growth	finance	competition	money	industry			siebel raises forecast, stock up 16 pct. business software maker siebel systems inc. on monday said third quarter revenue would beat wall street estimates, driven by a rebound in licensing revenue, sending its shares up almost 16 percent.
3			ceo	cut	executive	company	shareholder	option	profit	corporation	money			us air, delta target executives for new cuts washington, sep 30. pti : embattled american airliners us airways and delta airline have announced that they are targeting executives for new cuts.
1			election	politics	campaign	democracy	polling	poll	candidate	strategy	campaigning			blair launches ad blitz for early polls british prime minister tony blair is planning to call general elections in february, ahead of schedule, to maximise his present opinion poll advantage over his opponents.
4			electronics	computer	graphic	printer	manufacturing	technology	innovation	hp	patent	printing			hp unveils inkjet and laser printers at techxny this week, hewlett packard reminded business users that it is still an active innovator in printers and imaging devices.
3			product	safety	business	management	privacy	compliance	packaging	security			amcor cleans out top management ranks amcor has today revealed a thorough trashing and a top level clean out at the packaging giant over possible breaches of the trade practices act after the company said certain officers and
4			branding	music	technology	marketing	innovation	advertising	commercial	sony			on advertising: sony wages battle of the brands london sony essentially created the market for portable music devices with its walkman, but it missed a beat in the digital music revolution as apple 's ipod grabbed the spotlight.
4			blackberry	music	technology	smartphone			research in motion introduces new blackberry 7100v in europe and ... research in motion rim nasdaq:rimm tsx:rim today introduced the innovative new blackberry 7100v tm for mobile professionals, further expanding choice for vodafone 's blackberry r customers.
4			electronics	computer	business	privacy	technology	marketing	consumer	money			3g: anything in it for businesses? consumers have been promised a lot from the high speed 3g third generation cellular networks being rolled out around the world, but is there much in it for businesses?
4			battery	computer	device	data	technology	storage	memory	security			revamped tungsten hangs onto data the new palmone handheld retains data even when the battery runs down.
4			statistics	computer	data	technology	storage	ibm	accounting	computing	server			ibm unveils new totalstorage servers our goal is to be number one in the data storage system market, says cindy grossman, director of ibm 's totalstorage programs.
1			politics	election	statistics	result	democracy	voting	polling	poll	turnout			record turnout in hong kong election a record 1.7 million hong kong voters cast ballots yesterday for an election that sent a fresh contingent of prodemocracy opposition politicians to the legislature, but fewer than the outright majority feared by beijing's allies, exit polls indicated.
4			hacking	software	privacy	technology	encryption	vulnerability	microsoft	security			microsoft 's ballmer: hackers getting smarter microsoft 's chief executive believes it 's naive to suggest the software giant can eliminate all security vulnerabilities in its various
3			money			bollore has asked for havas board seats havas ceo french corporate raider vincent bollore has asked for seats on the board of french advertising company havas quote, profile, research , havas 's chief executive said on thursday, saying the company was considering the
2			mlb	baseball	yankee	television	espn	basketball	fan	sport	football	tv			martnez leaves fans betwixt, between most new englanders are walking around with more cheer and about $ 20 less in their pockets this holiday season. they are reliving the gift of their dreams a red sox world championship highlight video on dvd.
2			baseball	game	olympic	olympics	sport	football	athlete			gold or nothing how you play the game? at the olympics, some think it is whether you win or lose. by david marash. athens, aug. 28, 2004 there was literally a field house full of great performances as the world 's greatest
4			processor	computer	chip	hardware	intel	hp	silicon	computing	linux			all new chips multicore, says intel intel has confirmed that in future all its chips will be multicore and has revealed additional desktop, server and mobile processor plans.
4			computer	hacking	privacy	technology	encryption	networking	money	email	security			we owe much to des des did yeoman security service for thousands of applications, says counterpane internet security ceo bruce schneier.
3			product	revenue	business	sale	software	technology	company	profit	industry			siebel systems posts quarterly profit business software maker siebel systems inc. on wednesday reported a quarterly profit, after a year earlier net loss, helped by sales of new software.
4			privacy	technology	encryption	fraud	email	security			frontbridge buys messagerite e mail security company frontbridge technologies inc. has bought messagerite inc. of irvine, california, a maker of technology for archiving e mail and instant messages, frontbridge said monday.
3			insurance	business	management	greed	finance	gambling	competition	money			alh extension buys time for all the battle for control of australian leisure hospitality group erupted into an unseemly free for all yesterday as woolworths set a tight four hour deadline for fund managers to deal themselves
2			boxing	baseball	yankee	athletics	sport	football	pitching	pitcher			giambi calls strain nothing serious new york yankees: first baseman jason giambi continued his upper body workout and ran in an indoor pool wednesday, one day after mildly straining his groin.
4			windows	software	privacy	technology	encryption	vulnerability	microsoft	security	linux			microsoft gets good grades on sp2 microsoft's nasdaq: msft service pack 2 for windows xp is one of the company's most ambitious operating system updates ever, and as expected some experts already have discovered security vulnerabilities in the giant patch.
4			mobile	computer	hardware	software	technology	nokia	microsoft	pcs	windows			microsoft takes lead in software for handhelds microsoft corp. is no longer an also ran in the market for handheld computer software. for the last three months, gadgets running the software giant 's windows mobile operating system outsold
3			business	acquisition	company	bankruptcy	corporation	competition	consolidation	merger			merger activity hits record high johnson johnson's $ 25.4 billion takeover of guidant corp. and the $ 35 billion union of sprint corp. and nextel communications inc. are leading the busiest quarter for mergers in more than four years.
4			computer	pc	gaming	microsoft	technology	pcs	education	linux			aol launches pc line aol courts novices, spanish speakers with budget pc that includes a year of aol service.
3			business	revenue	technology	company	growth	competition	money	industry			3com drops after lowering revenue target 3com corp. said today its quarterly revenue will come in around 10 per cent below its previous expectation, an announcement that sent shares of the communications network supplier down nearly 10 per cent.
3			computer	business	investor	investing	greed	finance	bankruptcy	corporation	gambling	money			oracle won't quit the database king extends its offer for peoplesoft for the 10th time. is there any profit left for investors?
4			network	connectivity	ethernet	mobility	technology	wireless	networking	switch			trapeze upgrades wlan switch trapeze networks inc. will announce an upgrade today to its mobility system software that will let networks deliver stratified public and private wireless lan services over a single infrastructure.
1			election	politics	democracy	iran	corruption	iraq	terrorism	afghanistan	security			karzai opposes afghan poll delay, despite concerns afghanistan's presidential election will be held on time, president hamid karzai said on monday, despite rival candidates' fears the lack of security was hampering their campaigns and undermining voting legitimacy.
4			computer	linux	manufacturing	microsoft	nokia	technology	networking	ibm	server			ibm to round out iseries power5 server family big blue is set to debut the eserver i5 550, an iseries machine it created to serve midsize businesses.
3			business	ceo	nothing	oracle	bankruptcy	money	security			peoplesoft board won't negotiate takeover with oracle peoplesoft inc. won't discuss a sale to oracle corp. for a price of $ 24 per share, the company's board of directors saturday told oracle chief executive officer ceo larry ellison in a letter.
2			medal	olympics	gymnast	athletics	sport	athlete	gold	competition	gymnastics			it 's official: hamm can keep gymnastics gold american gymnast paul hamm hung his gold medal around his neck and smiled on cue, in effect giving himself another olympic medal ceremony.
4			network	web	technology	bandwidth	internet	broadband	google			broadband reaches critical mass nielsen netratings is reporting that broadband connections for the first time reached 51 percent of the american online population at home during the month of july, as compared to 38 percent last july. sixty three million web ...
4			industry	pc	computer	manufacturing	privacy	technology	pcs	security	windows			after loud lows, gateway hopes to moove into black not to be cowed by string of losses, pc maker enacts sweeping changes designed to quickly return it to profitability.
4			privacy	technology	communication	telecommunication	competition	money			cingular 's proposed purchase of at wireless gets support federal communications commission chairman michael powell recommended that the agency approve cingular wireless proposed $ 41 billion purchase of redmond based at wireless services, a person familiar with the matter said.
3			history	business	trend	technology	marketing	company	stock	money			krispy kreme stock slump has investors bellyaching some of the biggest names on wall street have gobbled up shares of krispy kreme doughnuts inc. kkd.n: quote, profile, research , the doughnut store chain
4			business	java	collaboration	software	technology	enterprise	innovation	analytics	industry			actuate moves to take enterprise reporting to open source business intelligence software vendor actuate is teaming up with the open source movement in an effort to give its applications more exposure in the marketplace.
4			science	computer	technology	service	education	research	computing			coming to a college near you: services science? more than40 years after purdue university established the first department of computer science in the u.s., a whole new field of study is about to emerge in colleges and universities throughout the country, according to a researcher at ibm corp.'s almaden research center, who believes that students could begin to receive doctorate degrees in the field of services sciences in 10 years time.
2			baseball	basketball	sport	football	quarterback	money			patriots streaking again if drew brees was watching tv and saw the kansas city chiefs play pass defense last night, he must have been smiling and rubbing his palms together in anticipation.
4			electronics	electricity	safety	technology	power	equipment	fashion	security			fashion house selling electrical supplier pinault printemps redoute, the tempest tossed owner of fashion brands like gucci and yves saint laurent, said on tuesday that it planned to sell its stake in the equipment
1			politics	abortion	america	election	democrat	war	democracy	kerry	republican	money			gop, democrats seek to pull campaign ads when a republican funded group of vietnam veterans sought to run a blistering television ad accusing john kerry of lying about his decorated war record, democrats quickly fired off a letter to broadcasters imploring them not to air the inflammatory, outrageous lie.
4			computer	hardware	microsoft	technology	math	mathematics	ibm	intel	computing			microsoft math: dual core licensed as one chip microsoft will continue to charge its customers for a single processor license once a new crop of hardware servers with the equivalent of two microprocessors on each chip hit the market next year.
4			computer	hacking	business	software	privacy	technology	encryption	microsoft	security			the end for spyware courtesy of microsoft corporation? ever heard of giant company software inc? not yet, well perhaps from today as they became microsoft corporations latest purchase as microsoft try to enter the anti spyware industry as is being portrayed.
4			privacy	technology	broadband	internet	fcc	telecommunication	competition	industry			fcc insulates web phone service from state rule u.s. communications regulators on tuesday exempted internet telephone services from certain state oversight, a boon for vonage holdings corp. and other providers aggressively pushing the new service.
4			trade	biotechnology	technology	company	copyright	patent	corporation	industry			industry group might buy commerce one patents a move is afoot to form an industry consortium to buy about 40 patents that are among the assets of bankrupt commerce one.
3			statistics	technology	company	finance	profit	competition	money	industry			ericsson returns to quarterly profit swedish telecommunications equipment maker ericsson today reported a return to net profit in the third quarter, lifted by healthy growth in its international markets.
4			ibm	software	microsoft	technology	networking	patent	linux			red hat taps netscape to broaden its landscape com september 30, 2004, 8:02 am pt. this fourth priority 's main focus has been improving or obtaining crm and erp software for the past year and a half.
3			pittsburgh	product	business	manufacturing	heinz	marketing	company	manufacturer			heinz meets forecasts in 1q ketchup maker saw its profit fall 9 as it spun off units to del monte, but new items boosted sales. chicago reuters ketchup manufacturer hj heinz co.
2			coaching	success	baylor	sport	football	texas			mary hardin baylor, continuing rapid rise, poised to win first ... make no mistake. the players and coaches on the mary hardin baylor football team are making every effort to win saturday 's ncaa division iii championship game in salem, va.
4			science	alien	magic	technology	robot			smart little suckers a new generation of robotic vacuums is ready to do battle with dirt, dust and dog hair with more cleaning power and cunning than their ancestors could muster.
2			coaching	spurs	espn	basketball	sport	rebound	scoring	playoff	nba	tip			raptors rally from 20 down to beat spurs lamond murray scored all 13 of his points in the fourth quarter, helping the toronto raptors overcome a 20 point deficit in the second half to beat the san antonio spurs 96 91 sunday.
4			electronics	philip	manufacturing	chip	technology	manufacturer	patent	silicon	industry			philips sees flat chip market in 2005 philips electronics said on tuesday it had trimmed its 2005 global chip market outlook to zero growth from a previous 5 percent rate forecast.
4			speculation	google	money	technology			google's ipo: grate expectations google plans to raise as much as $ 1.67 billion in its public stock offering today, but even that impressive estimate doesn't hide the fact that the hype surrounding the search engine's ipo is only half as hot as yesterday.
4			mobile	electronics	device	technology	smartphone	nokia	blackberry	phone			smart phone market growing rapidly the smart phone market will grow more crowded wednesday with the debut of two devices directed at opposite ends of the customer spectrum: a blackberry for consumers with a newfangled keyboard and a nokia phone organizer for mobile business professionals.
2			coaching	baseball	statistics	espn	basketball	rams	sport	nfl	football			rams refused to give up yesterday afternoon at qwest field, the rams took a pin it to the wall word and brought it to life as they erased a 17 point deficit in less than nine minutes to beat the seahawks 33 27 in overtime.
1			politics	britain	election	england	labour	democracy	conservative	religion			guardian panel nobody is quaking the guardian panel, broadly representative of people across britain, was established in the run up to the last general election. in 2001 most of the respondents, after some reservations, backed labour.
3			ceo	trend	company	stock	ft	profit	growth	loss	competition	earnings			colgate warns, shares hit 4 year low colgate palmolive co. on monday issued its first formal profit warning in almost a decade, saying earnings will fall well short of wall street forecasts due to higher marketing spending, sending its shares down 11 percent to a four year low.
4			wikipedia	computer	hacking	software	privacy	technology	linux			software speeds file sharing service napster founder shawn fanning's little dorm room project at northeastern university in boston is the stuff of technological legend.
4			demand	technology	performance	logic	pricing	money	security	reliability			lsi logic warns lsi logic lsi says based on customer reassessment of end demand for the second half of the year, it lowered the $ 435 million to $ 465 million third quarter revenue guidance to $ 370 million to $ 400 million, and cut the breakeven to 3 cent third quarter
4			dell	computer	hardware	technology	power	silicon	intel	security	linux			dell going to add amd cpus to product line ceo getting a little chilly down there, satan? yes, infernal ice skating may soon become possible, following dell ceo kevin rollins admission that the computer giant is close to signing up amd as a processor supplier.
3			politics	business	corruption	scandal	greed	fraud	wealth	money			time for black to resign his peerage to the roll call of corporate scandals in recent years a list of greed and shame that includes enron, worldcom, tyco and others he name of newspaper group hollinger international may soon be added.
4			electronics	computer	device	hardware	technology	tech	patent	industry			tech gadget awards offer ces 2005 sneak peek sonos inc.'s long delayed digital music system, a device that combines video gaming controls with a workout machine, and the latest version of irobot corp.'s roomba vacuuming disc are among the innovations awards winners that will be in the spotlight this january at the consumer electronics show ces .
3			motorola	business	investor	technology	stock	growth	advertising	money			stocks in motion: motorola news research rose tuesday after geoffrey frost, senior vice president of motorola 's mobile phone division, told reuters that the company feels very good about sales growth during the second half of the year.
1			election	politics	democracy	race	corruption	strategy	money	leadership	politician			blair deputy tells political challengers to steer clear tony blair's deputy, john prescott, warned potential leadership rivals yesterday they would not be forgiven for challenging britain's prime minister and threatening electoral success.
3			trade	price	technology	marketing	company	market	pricing	competition	industry			schwab to cut most online trade commissions by one third the charles schwab corporation said that it would reduce commissions on most online trades by a third as it strives to retain customers.
3			trading	trade	trend	price	market	stock	finance	retail	security			stocks edge higher on retail report stocks rose steadily in late trading friday as wall street welcomed a new retail sales report that showed an increase in consumer spending.
4			laptop	electronics	computer	car	technology	apple	macintosh	computing	windows			apple macintosh 17in powerbook there 's no doubt that apple 's latest notebook computer is a joy to look at. the enormous 17in widescreen means you can watch films on it at a size approaching that of a television, and the brushed aluminium finish is undeniably stylish.
1			politics	election	negotiation	crisis	talk	power	energy	blair			blair and paisley in crisis talks democratic unionist leader the rev ian paisley and prime minister tony blair will hold make or break talks today on a deal to revive power sharing at stormont.
1			politics	election	democrat	violence	democracy	voting	washington	terrorism	republican	trump			republicans, protesters mass in new york republicans descended on new york for their national convention to rally president george w. bush back to the white house, as anti bush demonstrators planned a massive, noisy protest in the streets.
4			battery	electronics	computer	device	technology	car	robot	toy			new device: flying robot seiko epson hopes the tiny robot will help in security, disaster and rescue and space exploration. also: apple recalls batteries from its 15 inch powerbook g4 laptops hellip;. sony unveils eight new flat screen tvs hellip;. and more.
4			network	connectivity	ethernet	mobility	technology	broadband	wireless	networking			wireless wonders ever since ericsson invented bluetooth in 1994, the concept of wireless connectivity has held the promise of changing the way we use machines very significantly.
4			cable	network	technology	broadband	ip	internet	telecommunication			voip, inc. seeking to partner with cable firms voice over internet provider voip, inc. says it is in talks with some 70 smaller cable companies to provide them with wholesale internet or voip based phone service plans.
3			business	ceo	technology	company	growth	profit	corporation	industry			questar 3q net up, company boosts view questar corp. on tuesday said its third quarter profit rose 29 percent on oil and gas production and gas gathering, and increased its full year outlook.
4			application	java	privacy	technology	networking	availability	email	linux			netsuite urges users to upsell asp netsuite this week unveiled the latest version of its hosted applications suite with a focus on upsell and e commerce functionality.
2			baseball	expansion	team	chicago	atlanta	basketball	sport	football	nba	franchise			bobcats will slowly bud into winner they exist in their original form for only one year, then they evolve into a more advanced life form. sixteen of the extant nba franchises first drew breath as expansion teams chicago, cleveland, dallas
1			election	politics	controversy	protest	democracy	political	corruption	terrorism	opposition			hong kong's opposition gains more clout pro democracy opposition figures gained more clout in hong kong's legislature with three new seats, but they fell short of expectations and resumed grumbling monday about a system they call unfairly rigged. although the opposition remains stuck mainly with the power to criticize, it gained a loud new voice with the stunning election win by hong kong's top protester, longhair leung kwok hung, who is known for burning flags and raising a ruckus in his trademark che guevara t shirt...
4			electronics	security	computer	taiwan	device	technology	japan	computing			japan 's matsushita developing memory cards with 'smart chip ... smart cards are on the rise in japan, using computer chips with an antenna embedded in them to allow people to pay for purchases or unlock doors with a simple flick of their cards.
4			mobile	battery	technology	smartphone	nokia	tv	phone			the boob tube on your smartphone handset manufacturers unite to develop tv enabled mobile phones, but dont expect to tune in on your cell phone anytime soon. in an attempt to make cell phones smarter and more expensive, the top five mobile
2			coaching	boxing	baseball	cleveland	espn	basketball	sport	football	denver	nba			sports world denver dennis rodman, the 43 year old former nba rebounding champion, participated in an informal workout with the denver nuggets on thursday.
2			disability	athletics	sport	athlete	swimming	paralympics	paralympic	cycling			fans cheer olympic heroes olympic and paralympic medallists took part in the ticker tape event to celebrate team gb 's medal success in the games. david davies, wales 1500m swimming bronze medallist at the olympics was joined by paralympians
4			ceo	trend	technology	company	growth	innovation	apple	industry			latest imac on the way, ipod growth behind forecasts as apple computer shares trade near their highest levels in a year, industry analysts are assessing the chances for significant company announcements at the company 's european trade show in paris next week.
2			coaching	pittsburgh	baseball	chicago	college	basketball	sport	football	quarterback			notre dame: monday morning quarterback know the foe: the irish 's season is in danger of turning bad after a 24 23 loss to boston college on saturday. they now have two weeks to prepare for a game at no.
4			intel	technology	power	performance	reliability	optimization	silicon	speed	linux			intel to redefine performance at idf intel co founder gordon moore 's famous law will be re examined again next week, as intel shifts away from pure speed to the more efficient utilization of silicon.
1			politics	election	money	race			fla. supreme court puts nader on ballot ralph nader is back on florida's ballot probably for good this time...
2			coaching	utah	espn	basketball	soccer	sport	football	coach	byu			utah expansion team taps ellinger as coach john ellinger, the u.s. under 17 national team coach for the past seven years, was hired wednesday as the coach of major league soccer's expansion team in utah.
4			electronics	computer	hacking	pc	mac	technology	macintosh	computing	linux			new pc in old mac clothes tinkerer iain sharp couldn't bear to part with his first computer a mac se 30 so he turned it into a powerful media server using a mini pc motherboard and a software emulator. by leander kahney.
4			linux	technology	microsoft	apple	hp	industry			briefly: target to sell tivo dvrs roundup plus: unisys signs up linux allies...looksmart names new ceo...akamai boosts web application technology supported by hp, samsung.
3			revenue	business	investment	operation	management	financial	finance	bankruptcy	fund			host marriott 's third quarter loss narrows host marriott corp. on wednesday said its third quarter results improved as occupancy and room rates increased to drive revenue. the lodging real estate investment trust reported quarterly funds from operations
4			mobile	game	gaming	technology	ios			games giant muscles in on mobiles games giant electronic arts is joining forces with a scottish mobile entertainment firm to make more mobile games.
4			computer	hacking	hacker	technology	money	security			tivo hacks flourish voided warranty, electrocution, the wrath of hollywood so what? nothing seems to hinder the tivo hacker.
4			mobile	microsoft	technology	nokia	phone	industry			nokia lifts profile in a rising cellphone market global cellphone sales rose to record levels in the second quarter as nokia clawed back some of its lost market share, according to figures released thursday.
3			income	housing	manufacturing	sale	growth	home	consumer	retail	industry			beazer homes posts higher 4q profit first time homebuilder beazer homes usa inc. said friday that fourth quarter earnings rose sharply due to strength in home orders from the mid atlantic, southeast and west regions.
1			election	politics	putin	democracy	voting	poll	corruption	russia	ukraine			ukraine headed for runoff vote, officials say amidst allegations the election fell far short of meeting democratic standards, officials say ukraine 's hotly contested presidential vote is too close to call.
1			election	politics	violence	democracy	corruption	fraud	chavez	venezuela	money			carter endorses chavez win in venezuela president hugo chavez survived a referendum to oust him, according to results monday, and former u.s. president jimmy carter and other election observers urged the opposition to accept the vote, deflating claims of fraud...
4			graphic	device	mobility	ethernet	technology	networking	linux			albatron debuts nvidia agp6600 and agp6600gt cards for the agp 8x ... albatron technology today announced the nvidia based agp6600 and agp6600gt vga cards, both of which are designed for the agp 8x interface.
4			mobile	battery	computer	car	technology	money	phone			want a treo 650? better sprint carrier has locked up the hot new palmone smart phone until some time after the new year.
1			politics	violence	democracy	religion	terrorism	freedom	god			what would baby jesus think? on tuesday, cheney, serving in his role as president of the senate, appeared in the chamber for a photo session. a chance meeting with sen. patrick j. leahy vt. , the ranking democrat on the judiciary committee, became an argument about cheney's ties to halliburton co., an international energy services corporation, and president bush's judicial nominees. the exchange ended when cheney offered some crass advice. 'fuck yourself,' said the man who is a heartbeat from the presidency. wonder what the moral majority has to say about this? it isn't profanity! its a freedom praise!
2			politics	baseball	boxing	fighting	sport	football	wrestling	boxer			a gentleman and a boxer there was a time when knocking out mike tyson was boxing 's equivalent to beating ken jennings at final jeopardy. it was the most heruculean of labors and when it finally happened, it was an international event
3			share	transparency	shareholder	company	stock	finance	profit	risk			vodafone pays out 6bn but fears grow on margins vodafone is to hand out 6bn to shareholders this year thanks to a doubling of its dividend and an increase in its share buy back programme.
2			coaching	statistics	basketball	sport	recruiting	football	player	quarterback	stats			farrior gets steelers vote as top defensive player james farrior has already gotten one teammate 's vote as the nfl 's top defensive player this season. make that a lot of votes.
2			baseball	money	sport	football			just give it a rest it 's time for spoiled stars to leave families ... i m not asking for much here. i m willing to overlook a lot, rationalizing this, forgiving that. when latrell sprewell wonders why he should try to win a title for a team that wouldn 't extend his contract, i
1			election	democracy	politics			embattled blair pushes for third term here we are again .. my toughest week yet since the last one ... and before the next one, said the ever embattled but resolute british prime minister tony blair at the start of a
4			network	connectivity	ethernet	mobility	technology	broadband	wireless	networking	switch			3com partners with wireless switch start up 3com is the latest networking company to partner with a wireless lan switching start up. 3com said monday it will begin reselling a version of the mobility exchange switch and management software from trapeze networks under the 3com brand later this year.
4			safety	network	connectivity	mobility	privacy	broadband	technology	wireless	networking			report: transition to 3g wireless networks could be bumpy wireless vendors are committed to building 3g systems despite the fear that users will turn up their nose at all the extra bandwidth.
3			insurance	business	retirement	management	bankruptcy	money			5 inside directors quit marsh board embattled insurance broker marsh mclennan cos. said yesterday that five members of its board of directors all of them executives of the company are leaving the board.
4			computer	computing	linux	server	storage	networking	availability	distribution	security	reliability			blue gene, linux top supercomputing list com november 8, 2004, 4:29 pm pt. organizations are replacing aging servers with newer more powerful boxes, often linux based, and theyre also investing in storage.
4			security	privacy	technology	wireless	nokia	phone			verizon wireless pulls phone from shelves the company discovers a flaw with a camera lens installed on its popular v710 motorola phone.
4			authentication	application	privacy	technology	encryption	xml	email	security			xml security device unveiled web services security company releases appliance designed to authenticate access into business networks.
1			election	politics	rule	tax	fraud	finance	money	ethics			back to the drawing board at the fec a us district court judge has sent the federal election commission back to work on a passel of rules it wrote to put the 2002 campaign finance law into effect.
2			boxing	baseball	sport	wrestling	money	boxer			sour grapes as another us boxer bites the dust the us boxing team sucked on sour grapes after being left with just one gold medal prospect in the olympic boxing tournament friday.
4			ibm	computer	manufacturing	china	microsoft	technology	system	patent	computing	industry			ibm, unisys work to rejuvenate mainframes ibm has taken several new steps to keep its mainframe server line a vital part of computing, including adding features and an expanding sales and training in china, while unisys has upgraded its rival products.
4			computer	technology	automation	robot	toy	humor	dinosaur			household chores set to end at last with rise of the robot for decades, science fiction has promised a future in which lifes most mundane chores are carried out by robots. sadly, the clunky, wobbling automatons that have been wheeled out as examples of this brave
3			business	china	sale	technology	marketing	korea	samsung	industry			samsung faces concerns over margins concern over falling profit margins at samsung electronics co. ltd. grew on thursday as the company said it was spending more on handset marketing and a top broker issued a sell rating on its stock for the first time in years.
4			product	arm	acquisition	technology	patent	aerospace	industry			arm buys us tech firm artisan semiconductor designer arm holdings arm.l has agreed to buy us technology firm artisan arti.o for $ 913 million 503.3 million pounds , to boost its product range, but
4			breakthrough	electronics	device	hardware	technology	power	semiconductor	silicon			breakthrough could provide chips with everything one of the last frontiers of semiconductor technology environments where electronic devices have to run at high power, in fierce heat or at lethal doses of radiation may be about to fall.
1			politics	election	israel	democracy	immigration	option	independence			background arafat free at last, sharon hints at flexibility prime minister ariel sharon, convening his cabinet for the first time since the burial of his life nemesis yasser arafat, hinted at a measure of flexibility this week, signaling that israel might allow east jerusalem arabs to vote in elections for a
4			recycling	safety	privacy	technology	marketing	innovation	security			linda dillman on rfid wal mart 's cio talks about the potential for rfid to revolutionize the retailer 's take care of the customer processes.
2			coaching	statistics	basketball	sport	football	performance	motivation	stats			keeping frustrations in reserve jiri welsch may vent his frustrations in czech on the court, but his body language during games and unusually short answers to questions after practice yesterday need no translation. although a team player, welsch has been frustrated with his second unit duties. in a system suited to his abilities and basketball intelligence, welsch has struggled to make meaningful contributions, ...
3			revenue	sale	technology	marketing	japan	finance	patent	consumer	industry			sony ericsson posts 45 rise in profit sony ericsson, the swedish japanese maker of cellphones, posted a 45 percent rise in net profit in the third quarter as a broadened product mix and the success of its camera phones bolstered sales.
4			computer	java	hardware	software	unix	technology	networking	computing	linux			blue gene, linux top supercomputing list open source software and off the shelf hardware make strong showing among the best of the biggest.
3			manager	ceo	guru	management	investing	marketing	leadership			verizon 's wireless wonder the phone giant 's mobile unit is not just a great telecom operation. it may be one of the best companies in the world. verizon communications vz chief executive ivan seidenberg is a fan of management guru
2			baseball	statistics	espn	basketball	sport	recruiting	football	usc	quarterback	stats			trojans don't trip matt leinart passed for 236 yards and two touchdowns and reggie bush scored twice in his first 100 yard rushing game for top ranked southern california in the trojans' 42 10 victory over brigham young last night.
2			baseball	hockey	chicago	retirement	basketball	sport	football	player	tennis			o neal might return tonight center shaquille o neal missed his third exhibition game tuesday because of a strained left hamstring, but could play in tonight 's exhibition finale at orlando.
2			coaching	baseball	utah	retirement	basketball	sport	football	coach			majerus leaves tv gig to take coaching job at southern california he retired nearly a year ago for health reasons after 15 seasons at utah, but he couldn 't stay away from his life 's passion.
4			electronics	computer	television	privacy	technology	tv	consumer	sony			sony unprepared for flat tv demand sony, the world's largest consumer electronics group, is having trouble meeting soaring demand for flat televisions as its assembly lines did not gear up quickly enough, a senior official said on friday.
1			politics	election	war	democracy	violence	conflict	terrorism	haiti	genocide	security			clashes in haitian capital kill at least 14 three politicians allied with former president jean bertrand aristide were led away in handcuffs after a six hour standoff at a radio station, and gunfire erupted today in haiti 's capital where political clashes have left 14 dead
4			boeing	nasa	manufacturing	technology	defense	strategy	ibm	aerospace	security	industry			ibm, boeing team up for defense work the defense related work is estimated to be worth $ 200 billion.
4			job	electricity	manufacturing	technology	telecommunication	finance	cost	money	efficiency	industry			nortel will cut 3,250 jobs, 250 fewer than expected nortel networks corp., north america 's biggest maker of phone equipment, will pare 3,250 jobs, 250 fewer than it predicted last month, as it reduces other costs including real estate.
4			electronics	computer	itunes	music	technology	drug	money			at wireless cranks up music service you're at a dance club or shopping mall when you hear a great new song. so you pull out your cellphone, press a few keys, hold it up to the speakers, then press a few more keys. now a digital recording of the song is on its way to your home computer, with the 99 cent charge added to your phone ...
4			developer	windows	application	java	software	microsoft	development	tool	linux			borland to tout tool for building microsoft apps borland software at its borcon conference here on monday will preview the upcoming diamondback release of its delphi development tool for the microsoft platform, which is to support development via managed code.
4			cable	wireless	technology	internet	broadband	telecommunication	networking			mike wendland it 's described as the third wire, a third way to get broadband internet into your home besides cable and telephone dsl lines.
4			industry	network	ethernet	technology	cisco	networking	ibm	security	reliability			cisco systems earnings rise, stock falls cisco systems inc., the biggest maker of equipment that directs data over the internet, on tuesday said quarterly earnings rose 29 percent on stronger demand for its networking gear.
4			flash	computer	device	storage	technology	performance	networking	memory	silicon	security			amd 's spansion unveils new flash memory products spansion, the flash memory joint venture between advanced micro devices and fujitsu, unveiled two products that introduce a new design into spansion 's lineup and expand the density of its current products, the company said tuesday.
3			life	business	nothing	privacy	company	google	money			google stockowner for a day: a memoir one week ago, i submitted a bid for google inc. stock that overestimated the eventual auction price of the computer search company 's initial public offering by nearly 30 percent. but i sold my shares shortly ...
2			doping	basketball	athletics	sport	football	athlete	iaaf	tennis			athletics: from tears of joy to eight year ban for collins after her 22.31 victory in the 200 meter semi finals at the 2003 world indoor championships, the first of two national records she would set in as many days, michelle collins was fighting back tears.
2			baseball	statistics	espn	basketball	suspension	sport	nba			nba 's longest suspensions here is the list of longest suspensions in nba history for on court incidents. note: does not include the immediate suspension one game handed down today: 72 games x ron artest, indiana pacers, for the
4			product	quality	acquisition	software	technology	marketing	strategy	pricing	competition			best software strategizes for midmarket dominance for a company that owns two of the most widely used midmarket software packages for sales and contact management, best software inc. has been a fairly low key competitor in the market over the past few years.
1			politics	election	campaign	donation	spending	bush	finance	donor	money			bush campaign raises 260 million total president bush raised a total of 260 million for the primary election phase of his campaign, taking in 18 million last month alone before accepting full government financing for the race's final two months.
4			failure	technology	performance	reliability	cracking	semiconductor	silicon	linux			strained silicon to accelerate transistors by 24 percent amd and ibm have developed a strained silicon transistor technology which the firms believe will dramatically increase processor performance.
4			application	technology	microsoft	ibm	email	security	industry			ibm broadens suite of rfid services the rfid services from ibm will include consulting, business case development, technical proof of concept, pilots for the client and trading partners and full system implementation for industrial companies.
2			doping	olympics	basketball	sport	football	athlete	russia	wrestling	gymnastics			russians complain about gymnastics scoring the russian olympic delegation joined the growing list of olympic malcontents tuesday, arguing that its two biggest stars got cheated in the gymnastics competition.
4			computer	television	software	privacy	technology	internet	copyright	email			microsoft targets couch potatoes personal computers have rapidly turned into storage vaults for digital music, photos and videos. now, computer industry companies are rolling out new ways to let that content roam through the house.
4			science	safety	biotechnology	privacy	technology	scientist	research	ethics			scientist: fda incapable of protecting safety an fda scientist says the fda, which is charged with protecting america 's prescription drug supply, is incapable of doing so.
1			politics	election	president	war	democracy	india	afghanistan	pakistan			i will stay army chief until 2007: musharraf lahore: general pervez musharraf has said he will stay army chief and president until 2007, as the law now permits him to do so, the first time he has clearly stated his intention to keep both offices.
4			computer	hardware	software	technology	evolution	networking	security	linux			seeing double in software licensing new dual core processors will make conventional software licensing models obsolete. what's next?
2			california	money	sport	football			cal is skeptical of voting it 's tuesday morning in college football, california still isn 't going to the rose bowl and, frankly, people want answers.
4			coding	history	computer	hacking	code	programming	software	technology	programmer			inside the mac revolution twenty years on, one of the engineers who helped create the mac writes his memoirs. but programmer andy hertzfeld's account is no dry paean to code: it's funny, engaging and deeply human. wired news interview by leander kahney.
4			windows	computer	desktop	privacy	technology	apple	silicon	linux			apple unveils worlds thinnest desktop in paris apple computer launched here tuesday the newest version of its imac model, which at two inches five centimeters is the world 's thinnest desktop computer, the company said.
3			trading	investor	investing	company	stock	market	profit	oil	money			earning reports keep investors on edge investors are expected to focus on oil prices and corporate earnings outlooks next week, and the slightest warning about company revenues could weigh on stocks.
4			windows	hardware	programming	software	technology	microsoft	performance	strategy	linux			windows plan scaled back microsoft portrayed its longhorn decision as a necessary winnowing to hit the 2006 timetable. the announcement on friday, microsoft executives insisted, did not point to a setback in software
4			politics	computer	technology	tech	automation	telecommunication	energy	transportation	security			convention boasts state of art technology the republican national convention has more than 40,000 miles of cabling to operate high speed computer systems, telephone lines and live television broadcasts.
4			science	electronics	computer	china	biotechnology	technology	innovation	research	phone			researchers develop 3 d phone technology it 's an idea that was popularized by princess leia 's plea for help in star wars: sending a 3 d hologram. now, two japanese scientists have developed technology they hope will one day turn the humble
4			computer	network	chip	ethernet	intel	technology	semiconductor	silicon	linux			intel, clearwire pair for wimax intel scratches craig mccaw 's back, while his clearwire scratches intel 's. in exchange for a 'significant investment by intel capital, clearwire has agreed to use intel silicon products in its deployment of wimax networks.
3			trading	trade	speculation	investing	stock	market	growth	finance	money			stocks end week on high note despite rising oil prices, us stocks this week had their biggest rally since october, as investors reacted to some positive economic indicators, the easing of tensions in iraq and
2			boxing	injury	australia	baseball	england	rugby	sport	football	cricket			springbok england clash not for faint hearted england coach andy robinson says he is expecting a huge physical test on saturday when a wounded springbok team run out at twickenham.
4			electronics	computer	game	gaming	hardware	console	technology	car	strategy			giving gamers another window on their world the newest piece of hardware in the video game wars, the nintendo ds hand held console, is out to prove that two is better than one.
1			politics	news	america	election	violence	democracy	people	terrorism	money	fear			will bad news be bad for bush in election? president bush has been dogged by a spate of bad news in the final days of the presidential campaign but it is unclear whether that will sway enough voters to affect the election outcome.
2			coaching	baseball	team	basketball	soccer	sport	bull	football	competition			bulls play hard, lose although it was more competitive than most of their other trips to the west coast in recent years, the result was the same.
2			coaching	foley	utah	baseball	espn	basketball	sport	football	wrestling			meyer makes it official florida announces that the utah coach will become the head coach of the gators next season. by mic huber. gainesville florida athletic director jeremy foley was able to fall asleep friday night for the first time in a long time.
4			investor	trend	investing	technology	company	tech	growth	finance			investors cutting the edge of cnet despite its focus on tech related content, cnet continues to grow but not enough for investors.
1			election	politics	democracy	china	voting	cheating	race	corruption	fraud			carter worried about us election former us president jimmy carter expressed fears that there could be vote cheating in battleground states in the us election on november 2.
1			election	politics	democrat	voting	immigration	migration	voter			both parties see a big increase in new voters a sweeping voter registration campaign in heavily democratic areas has added tens of thousands of new voters to the rolls in the swing states of ohio and florida.
2			baseball	family	history	sport	football	revenge	money			all eyes on bowden after family tragedy who would have thought that one of the greatest rivalries in college football over the last 20 years, a game that often has decided who will play for the national championship, would become an afterthought?
4			windows	pc	computer	technology	nokia	microsoft	pcs	computing	linux			microsoft seizes pda market lead from palmsource microsoft led the market in the third quarter for operating systems used in personal digital assistants, surpassing for the first time the palm os that dominated the handheld computer segment for years.
4			acquisition	technology	option	communication	telecommunication	competition	money			fcc approves cingular's at t wireless bid the u.s. federal communications commission said on tuesday it has conditionally approved cingular wireless' 41 billion acquisition of at t wireless services inc. , clearing the last big hurdle for the deal.
4			security	cyber	computer	hacking	privacy	technology	encryption	vulnerability	surveillance			home computer land security a new study from the national cyber security alliance ncsa and america online aol paints a dire picture of the state of security in the land of the home pc.
3			trend	sale	stock	loss	growth	finance	profit	competition	earnings			costco profits rise, but stock falls in early trading discount retailing giant costco wholesale corp. said thursday that profits grew 21 percent in its fiscal first quarter, thanks to higher sales and more revenue from membership fees.
4			talk	privacy	technology	marketing	innovation	change	orange			talk now mark ii limps out just how many times can you 'soft launch a product? well, orange has already launched talk now its push to talk ptt service wice this year.
4			electronics	computer	manufacturing	chip	technology	semiconductor	patent	silicon	industry			new technology from amd and ibm boosts chip performance the manufacturing technology can result in faster chips without increasing power requirements, say the companies. by darrell dunn.
2			game	olympics	athletics	sport	football	paralympics	entertainment	fireworks	event			paralympics sombre closing ceremony instead of the fireworks and all night partying that usually accompanies such an event, it was a scaled back closing ceremony for the athens paralympics in tribute to seven teenagers killed in a bus crash on their way to the games.
4			electronics	television	technology	advertising	tv	money	phone			vodafone throws down 3g gauntlet forget sticking a toe in the water, vodafone 's done a cannonball unveiling 10 handsets it 's got lined up for the november launch of its 3g consumer services in the uk.
4			computer	itunes	software	music	technology	tech	apple	pro			apple software to help garage bands jam digital musicians will have a few new riffs for their virtual production boards, at least those using the latest apple software. apple computer on wednesday announced new versions of its pro and midrange digital
3			ceo	retirement	management	strategy	competition	money	leadership			lower your window shades. today's film is 'the rookie.' at a time when the airlines are facing their most difficult challenges in recent history, they are running through one chief executive after another.
2			baseball	statistics	basketball	sport	football	carter	money			nets: a star rises, fades in canada vince carter had everything a basketball player could want: a fat contract, highlight reel talent and an entire nation that had anointed him as its favorite athlete not on ice skates.
4			software	technology	amazon	copyright	patent	availability	linux			amazon expands web services efforts com october 4, 2004, 9:13 am pt. this fourth priority 's main focus has been improving or obtaining crm and erp software for the past year and a half.
4			mobile	diversity	technology	wireless	google	phone			intel preaches gospel of mobile diversity analysis standardised phones? pah!
4			computer	manufacturing	investing	technology	semiconductor	patent	silicon	intel	security	industry			trial for wall street as blue chips slump on warnings higher oil prices and profit warnings from colgate palmolive and unilever sent us shares lower. buying of semiconductor shares helped limit losses on the nasdaq as investors bought intel and other semiconductors
1			election	politics	economics	corruption	greed	finance	money			the successor to greenspan has a very tough act to follow nominating a successor to fed chairman alan greenspan could be president bush's biggest economic decision next year.
4			mobile	technology	nokia	smartphone	hp	phone	industry			nokia says third quarter profits will be better than expected nokia, the world's largest mobile phone maker, said its results for third quarter would be better than earlier forecast due to higher than expected handset sales.
4			science	electronics	battery	radiation	electricity	computer	technology	power	energy			solar panels in clothing could keep us talking mobile phone users left talking to themselves when their battery runs out in the middle of a call could soon see an end to their frustration as scientists perfect a way to recharge electrical equipment while on the move.
4			wikipedia	technology	internet	innovation	networking	amsterdam			amsterdam start up to offer wifi internet citywide amsterdam's web surfers could soon be liberated from their home computers and internet cafes, with plans by a start up firm to make their city the first european capital where laptops can hook up anywhere to the web.
3			insurance	business	recovery	revenue	sale	loss	profit	bankruptcy	money			update 1 office depot warns on profit; hurricanes hurt office depot inc. odp.n: quote, profile, research on tuesday warned of weaker than expected profits for the rest of the year because of disruptions from the string of hurricanes
2			baseball	espn	sport	houston	gonzalez			berkman 's magnificent postseason play overshadowed by beltran from a much quieter corner of the clubhouse, houston astros right fielder lance berkman briefly glanced over at the crowd of television cameras and tape recorders encircling teammate carlos beltran.
2			racing	baseball	basketball	race	sport	golf	football	tennis	money	cycling			running back becomes holistic student retired running back ricky williams has turned up in an unlikely spot at a northern california school for holistic medicine.
4			mobile	electronics	battery	computer	privacy	wireless	technology	money	phone			new phones put world in palm of the hand but are they a niche device for business travelers or a bombshell set to rattle the wireless industry?
4			electronics	computer	technology	innovation	multimedia	computing			at museums, computers get creative interactive exhibits have been a mainstay in museums for more than three decades. in recent years museums have become more creative about the way they introduce technology into their exhibits.
1			election	politics	democracy	iran	corruption	iraq	terrorism	afghanistan			957 reported dead in '04 as afghan election looms the killing in afghanistan spirals onward, undermining us contentions of success in pacifying the country with less than a week to go before a historic experiment with democracy: direct presidential elections.
4			biotechnology	technology	evolution	automation	robot			rise of the robots: segway platform gives mechanoids motion a military project aimed at building smarter robots has given researchers the wheels they need to make their automatons go.
4			privacy	technology	innovation	networking	security			smart web looking into the future alexander linden, a prominent gartner research analyst will be talking about the future later this week in cannes, france. smart web was held ahead of this week 's itxpo symposium, an annual event held to identify the future of technology.
4			windows	software	technology	microsoft	solution	patent	email	security	industry			sun and microsoft aim for single sign on microsoft and sun microsystems last week issued a progress report on the technical truce the companies called this year but gave little indication of what specific fixes they would devise to address customers problems.
4			music	technology	internet	seo	competition			stelios enters online music fray the founder of easyjet has confirmed he is entering the online music market in a partnership with uk based wippit. stelios haji ioannou 's move comes as microsoft and yahoo revealed challenges to the likes
3			product	business	trend	sale	technology	marketing	advertising	google			google froogle adds product reviews google froogle adds product reviews almost at the end of the holiday online shopping season unless you're going overnight delivery google has broken the mold of their froogle shopping comparison search engine not the jello mold, but the beta mold and added 3rd party product reviews. google said that the product reviews ...
4			mobile	mobility	trend	technology	nokia	growth	industry			gartner: mobile phone sales up 26 worldwide mobile handset sales topped 167 million units, with almost all regions posting growth, according to the latest numbers coming out of gartner.
4			business	connectivity	ethernet	technology	cisco	telecommunication	networking	switch	security			cisco inks another big voip deal bank of america signs a deal to deploy 180,000 cisco ip telephones nationwide over the next three years.
4			mobility	india	technology	internet	patent	research	google			amd introduces low cost net access device in india us chip maker advanced micro devices inc. amd.n: quote, profile, research has introduced a low cost internet access device that could cost just a few hundred dollars, aimed at first time technology users in the developing world.
4			ibm	statistics	computer	technology	performance	machine	patent	speed	computing			ibm claims computer speed title ibm corp. plans to announce today that it has built the world's fastest supercomputer at one of its facilities in rochester, minn., wresting the title from a system in japan.
2			baseball	hockey	schedule	volleyball	athletics	sport	basketball	golf	football			today's schedule college football: bryant at bentley, 7 p.m. college hockey: men maine at merrimack, 7 p.m.; umass at providence, 7 p.m.; harvard at brown, 7 p.m.; air force at holy cross, 7 p.m.; north dakota at bc, 8 p.m. women bc at dartmouth, 5 p.m.; brown at maine, 7 p.m.;
3			business	ceo	biotechnology	marketing	company	pharmaceuticals	health	drug	cancer	money			merck begins search for new ceo new york, october 12 the global pharmaceutical giant, merck company plans to appoint a new ceo by the end of next year.
4			motorola	network	mobility	telecom	wireless	nokia	technology	communication	telecommunication	patent			motorola gets nextel contract extension communications giant motorola inc. said thursday it received a three year contract extension from nextel communications inc. to continue supplying telecommunications infrastructure for nextel 's iden walkie talkie phones through 2007.
4			computer	software	unix	technology	nasa	computing	linux			sgi claims lead in supercomputer race computer maker evolves from its jurassic era with a linux based machine. nasa gives it a thumbs up.
1			election	politics	statistics	taiwan	result	democracy	china	corruption			hong kong holding legislative elections after a campaign marred by scandal and alleged intimidation, the people of hong kong voted sunday under gray skies in legislative elections that could give pro democracy
4			science	diabetes	genetics	biotechnology	technology	pharmaceuticals	innovation	research	cancer			window of opportunity three year old momenta pharmaceuticals inc. already has seen its share of milestones. its scientists cloned the first heparin sugar degrading enzyme, a breakthrough in understanding the role of complex sugars as a conduit for viruses and diseases. its executives recruited medical luminaries like m. judah folkman and eugene braunwald to the company's scientific advisory board.
4			electronics	business	manufacturing	technology	performance	innovation	semiconductor	silicon	industry			report: chip gear industry having a good year gartner says 2004 is likely to be one of the best years for the semiconductor capital gear market, but next year isn't looking quite so hot.
4			algorithms	computer	technology	brain	ai	robot	memory	computing			brain in dish flies simulated fighter jet scientists have grown a brain in a petri dish that can fly a simulated f 22 fighter airplane. it's all part of a quest to build living computers.
2			doping	athletics	sport	athlete	iaaf	sprinter	drug	cycling			anti doping agency is boosted by ban of sprinter in balco case the united states anti doping agency received an important validation when sprinter michelle collins, 33, received an eight year suspension on friday.
3			acquisition	ceo	technology	company	growth	finance	patent	industry			alcatel ups u.s. business with acquisitions alcatel has expanded its foothold in the key north american market with the acquisition of a mobile software provider and a conference technology business for $ 277 million.
4			battery	chip	intel	technology	ti	silicon	security			ti plans a buyback and boosts dividend no.1 maker of chips used in cell phones announces $ 1b stock repurchase and raises payout nearly 18. new york cnn money texas instruments, the world 's largest maker of chips used in cell phones, announced
4			windows	failure	hardware	technology	storage	microsoft	security	linux			cut from longhorn, winfs is in peril the windows future storage winfs technology that got cut out of windows longhorn is in serious trouble, and not just the hot water a feature might encounter for missing its intended production vehicle.
2			baseball	love	football			thursday, 9 pm est not quite eight months ago, with a light snow dusting foxboro 's gillette stadium, these two stared each other down with a trip to super bowl xxxviii in houston on the line.
2			baseball	sport			expos move remains undecided ommissioner bud selig 's three year contract extension, the start of a television network and a world cup tournament are likely to gain overwhelming approval from baseball 's owners this week, while a decision on the future home of ...
3			privatization	business	aviation	greed	restructuring	bankruptcy	competition	money	merger			us airways makes new proposal to key unions pressured by the prospect of bankruptcy, us airways group inc. proposed last ditch cost saving offers to its pilots and flight attendants unions yesterday.
1			politics	election	israel	democracy	faction	suicide	terrorism	loyalist	leadership			the waning loyalists the likud loyalist faction, which numbered close to twenty at its prime, has diminished to a mere nine likud faction members voting against giving prime minister ariel sharon a mandate to bring the labor party into the government.
4			electronics	nano	manufacturing	technology	innovation	semiconductor	research	silicon			amd using strained silicon on 90 nanometer chips advanced micro devices amd will implement the strained silicon manufacturing technique on its upcoming 90 nanometer processors as well as 130 nanometer processors released this quarter, an amd spokesman said friday.
4			europe	privacy	technology	broadband	internet	telecommunication	speed			uk broadband charges 'still too high broadband access charges are still too high and need to be slashed further to bring them in line with other nations, the uk 's media and telecoms regulator says.
1			politics	america	election	democrat	conservative	kerry	bush	mccain			new group to launch anti kerry ads move over, the liberal leaning group that has raised millions of dollars to run negative ads attacking president bush now has a competitor on the right with a somewhat similar name.
4			dos	windows	computer	microsoft	technology	power	security	linux			dwp kills 60k pcs in windows xp upgrade lash up updated down for four days and counting...
4			product	electronics	manufacturing	sale	technology	patent	industry			lg electronics 3q earnings increase lg electronics inc., south korea 's biggest maker of home appliances, said tuesday its third quarter net profits rose more than 30 percent on brisk sales of mobile phones.
4			insurance	dell	computer	linux	manufacturing	software	technology	patent	consumer	industry			dell cuts equipment prices to businesses dell inc. has cut prices as much as 22 percent on selected computer equipment for us corporate and institutional customers, saying it was passing along savings from lower component prices.
4			mobile	motorola	network	mobility	ethernet	wireless	technology	telecommunication	networking	patent			profit jumps at motorola, but shares trade lower the company said it has benefited from growing demand for handsets that work on the new higher speed networks being introduced by carriers in the u.s., europe and asia.
4			computer	software	technology	microsoft	hp	ibm	email	healthcare			microsoft wins 500m nhs it contract the worlds largest software supplier, microsoft, has won a nine year contract worth an estimated 500m to supply it systems to the nhs.
3			trend	economics	marketing	market	finance	advertising	competition	money			marketwatch deal seen as giving journal advertisers new reach just last week, cbs marketwatch and dow jones were battling it out for the web surfing audience, with marketwatch going so far as to run an online ad campaign emphasizing that content was always free on its site, in response to a wall street journal
4			linux	hardware	software	microsoft	networking	availability	reliability	security	windows			red hat upgrades security linux software maker red hat on tuesday released an update to its enterprise product with security upgrades, support for ibm power5 servers, new driver support and bug fixes.
3			politics	business	football	strategy	advertising	profit	competition	money	jeopardy			no jeopardy for jackson hewitt h r block rival jackson hewitt waits for the tax season, and profits, to arrive.
4			application	java	technology	enterprise	ibm	hr	productivity	industry			ibm ups investment in modular software push com november 4, 2004, 1:03 pm pt. this fourth priority 's main focus has been enterprise directories for several months, but for many it managers, erp enterprise resource planning
3			business	revenue	company	profit	finance	competition	money			nextel profit up nextel communications inc. friday reported improved profit and revenue during its third quarter as it boosted its subscriber base to 14.5 million, an increase of 550,000.
4			computer	business	software	technology	database	patent	computing	industry			motorola rolls out database management software motorola inc. announced today it has completed the second phase of a four phase rollout of information life cycle management ilm software that cut its production database size by as much as 50 in some business ...
4			business	hardware	software	technology	economics	solution	strategy			sun explores negative margins to win business sun microsystems is exploring a margin negative model for hardware in order to win more business and solution providers should be preparing for that scenario, said jonathan schwartz, sun president and coo.
4			electronics	computer	ethernet	usb	technology	networking	silicon			intel developing optical connect for laptops, servers optical links will be cheaper, quieter, and smaller than copper ribbons, company says.
3			business	economics	company	marketing	ft	analytics	inc	industry			business search engine adds marketresearch content , a business search engine , today announced that it has entered into a strategic partnership with inc., the leading online source for global market intelligence reports. under the terms of the strategic partnership, which offers more than 80,000 reports from over 350 research firms and consultancies worldwide, ...
2			game	gaming	tournament	betting	sport	card	poker	gambling	casino			retailers bet on poker's rising popularity with poker's popularity growing because of televised tournaments, retailers are betting that playing cards and chips will be among the must have items during the holiday shopping season.
1			politics	election	inflation	bribery	democracy	voting	poverty	corruption	voter	money			chissano suggests paying voters mozambique's outgoing leader joaquim chissano says more people would vote if they were paid.
1			election	politics	putin	democracy	corruption	power	russia	ukraine	opposition			ukraine opposition pulls out of talks ukraine's opposition on tuesday pulled out of talks to try to end a confrontation over last week's disputed presidential election and vowed to use people power to secure victory.
4			virus	computer	hacking	privacy	technology	microsoft	disaster	security			is microsoft creating tomorrow's ie security holes today? opinion seeds of disaster
4			security	computer	locking	hardware	storage	networking	memory	computing	linux			amd 2500 socket a cpus compared superpuppy writes has rounded up three 2500 socket a processors from amd. an athlonxp, based on the barton core this particular one predates the locked multipliers we ve been seeing lately
3			business	revenue	technology	company	growth	finance	profit	competition	money			virgin mobile reports revenue growth virgin mobile holdings plc reported an 18 percent surge in revenue but lower net profits for the half year thursday as the costs of its listing on the london stock exchange this summer hurt the bottom line.
4			computer	investing	privacy	technology	company	tech	money	security			blue chips open lower; techs up blue chips opened lower on thursday, weighed down by news that insurer american international group was being investigated by a federal grand jury, while techs rose on ebay earnings.
1			election	politics	labour	race	scandal	candidate	row	leadership			blair op sparks row in his party british prime minister tony blair was recovering saturday after successfully undergoing treatment to correct an irregular heartbeat but speculation about who will succeed him raged in his party.
4			electronics	battery	network	networking	software	technology	marketing	wireless	pricing	linux			stalking the wild wi fi network several devices on the market will help you find a wi fi network, but the same price doesn't mean the same performance. product review by daniel terdiman.
2			medal	game	athletics	sport	fencing	swimming	paralympics	paralympic	event			hong kong emerge as dominant force in fencing a third gold medal for chui yee yu rounded off a rewarding day for hong kong at the paralympics as they emerged as the dominant force in wheelchair fencing.
1			election	politics	e	democracy	voting	technology	education			nevada's seamless e vote the success of last week's primary election using touch screen voting machines heartens officials in other states, where e voting has been problematic. still, the silver state may be in a unique situation.
4			material	technology	rubber	aerospace	magnet	plastic	physics			plastic magnet breaks the mold researchers in england have made the first magnet made of plastic that works at room temperatures.
4			electronics	chip	technology	performance	semiconductor	silicon	reliability			ibm, amd find way to improve chip performance we ve known about strained silicon for a while but now there 's a better way to do it. straining silicon improves chip performance.
4			electronics	computer	electricity	safety	chemicals	technology	energy			lexmark printers pose shock hazard about 39,400 laser printers made by lexmark international may pose an electrical shock hazard, the us consumer product safety commission warned this week.
1			politics	election	israel	democracy	transition	corruption	stability	instability	terrorism			a new era milliyet following palestinian president yasser arafats death, the transition period is moving calmly, at least for now. there were concerns that a great political power vacuum would emerge
1			election	politics	ms	war	democracy	mr	iraq	bush			bush folly, campaign 2004 and the middle east the saddest thing about the american election of george bush is that in the long run it will make the united states irrelevant in all matters save that we have the power to blow the
4			mobile	technology	easy	google	money	phone			easy brand 'close to mobile deal' easy group is near to closing a deal with deutsche telekom to launch a uk mobile service, the financial times reports.
4			computer	hacking	network	privacy	usb	technology	internet	wireless	networking			where good wi fi makes good neighbors a new york city group creates a kit so that anyone with an old computer can create a wireless access point.
4			computer	privacy	car	technology	internet	google	money	security	number			internet users have false sense of security, study finds the orange numbers glow bright enough to be seen from across the street of north american computer. the number 68,248.
3			business	manufacturing	china	progress	production	growth	factory	employment	capital	industry			us factory, construction data show solid growth new york: us factory growth stayed strong in september, while construction spending in the prior month hit a record high for a seventh month in a row, showing the economys expansion remains solid.
4			cable	electricity	wireless	technology	internet	power	broadband	energy			broadband to get power boost in big apple earthlink plans to begin testing power line broadband connections in manhattan in november.
4			mobile	network	technology	telecom	telecommunication	finance	money			with f.c.c. consent, cingular buys at t wireless the $ 41 billion deal will create the country's largest mobile phone provider.
3			business	revenue	stock	growth	finance	profit	loss	money	earnings			payless announces profit, stock surges stock in payless shoesource surged more than 15 percent this morning after the topeka based company posted a third quarter profit compared with year ago losses, due to improved margins and lower payroll costs.
4			computer	statistics	device	privacy	storage	technology	google	security			take a note or lots of them evernote offers a slick way to collect and retrieve random information on multiple devices.
4			mobile	electronics	radio	device	mobility	wireless	nokia	technology			xm introduces portable satellite radio device xm satellite radio holdings inc. xmsr.o: quote, profile, research on tuesday introduced a handheld portable version of its satellite radio, hoping to extend demand for its service
2			coaching	australia	psychology	athletics	sport	athlete	psychologist	motivation			psychology professor gets key athletics job london: britains track field association is turning to a psychology professor to help prepare elite athletes for the 2008 beijing olympics.
2			baseball	history	retirement	sport	veteran	defense	football	fame	talent			no names fuel rise after years of signing big name free agents who became busts, it's ironic that unheralded veterans have keyed the redskins' top ranked defense.
1			politics	election	revolution	war	democracy	violence	corruption	terrorism			editorial: another example of true democracy! what happened in the national assembly on october 22 was unsavoury but expected. yet there is one good reason for wanting to comment on the proceedings of the house that day: general pervez musharrafs constant
4			arm	application	graphic	device	hardware	usb	technology	multimedia	video			arm gains flashy new media processing instructions arm has developed a suite of media and signal processing instructions that will appear in future arm processors targeting mobile consumer devices.
4			mobile	network	mobility	wireless	technology	nokia	siemens	telecommunication	phone			skype, siemens to hook up cordless voip the siemens usb adaptor is loaded with skype software that enables users of siemens phones to access skype 's free internet calling service as well as other features, such as buddy lists and conference calling.
4			electronics	computer	chip	intel	technology	ai	silicon	security			the perennial underdog is challenging intel with a new class of ... for 35 years, advanced micro devices inc. amd stood in the shadow of archrival intel corp. intc amd churned out lower priced clones of the tech leader 's chips and occasionally enjoyed a hit that helped boost its meager profits.
3			trading	trade	investor	investment	investing	market	finance	money			berkshire hathaway it's not a sin to be a trader in whole or part; it's just much easier to be an investor.
2			pittsburgh	afc	baseball	fan	sport	nfl	football	turf	rivalry			against jets, pats know they can 't let up a minute the rivalry between the new england patriots and new york jets may lack the animosity of the red sox yankees, but it is nonetheless one of the fiercest in the nfl, dating to its afl ori gins.
3			trading	speculation	technology	company	tech	stock	market	competition	industry			wall st. seen mixed; peoplesoft seen up wall street stocks were expected to open mixed on friday, with technology stocks gaining ground led by peoplesoft inc but blue chips held back by a profit warning from alcoa inc.
4			electronics	radio	computer	technology	wireless	communication	telecommunication	networking	patent			hp joins radio id competition hewlett packard has jumped on the rfid bandwagon, embracing the wireless tracking technology aimed at replacing the decades old product bar code.
2			coaching	controversy	baseball	hockey	doping	soccer	sport	football	coach	canada			canada fires coach of national hoops team jay triano was fired as coach of the canadian national team tuesday, a move triano said was due to his inability to give enough time to the job.
1			politics	america	violence	democracy	war	terrorist	iraq	terrorism			the new republic endorses kerry! there was a time, in the aftermath of september 11, when this magazine liked what it heard from george w. bush. he said america was at war not merely with an organization, but with a totalitarian ideology. and he pledged to defeat islamist totalitarianism the same way we defeated european totalitarianism, by spreading democracy. for a publication that has long believed in the marriage of liberalism and american power, this was the right analysis. and its correctness mattered more than the limitations of the man from which it came. three years later, it has become tragically clear that the two cannot be separated. the president's war on terrorism, which initially offered a striking cont ...
4			mobile	electronics	battery	computer	privacy	technology	smartphone	phone			cramming features into phones the cell phone industry is banking on cell phone that seem more like personal assistants dialing numbers, zapping text messages from fancy keyboards, taking pictures and serving as digital rolodexes.
3			search	business	technology	greed	strategy	google	money			online search universe is expanding to get an idea of how hot web search is, go talk to raul valdes perez, a carnegie mellon university professor who is leading a search technology start up called vivisimo inc. he'll tell you that more than 50 venture capitalists have come knocking on his door since january, all seeking a chance to invest in vivisimo, which recently launched a web search service under the dopey name of clusty.
2			baseball			reds extend miley through 2006 manager dave miley got a long awaited show of confidence yesterday when the cincinnati reds extended his contract through the 2006 season. miley, 42, had little security when he took over for the fired bob boone in july 2003. he finished that season as interim manager, then got only a one year extension with a club option for 2005. the reds had ...
3			family	henry	business	sears	corporation	merger			lampert: architect of sears kmart deal compared to buffett in the hubbub of wednesday 's kmart nasdaq: kmrt news people and sears roebuck nyse: s news people merger stunner, one name has quietly moved to the fore: edward lampert, chairman at the big red k and a sears shareholder.
1			politics	election	retirement	mr	race	resigning	resignation	leadership			disney chief to leave, setting off race for job michael eisner announced an exit on his own terms, shifting the spotlight from the debate over his leadership to speculation over his successor.
4			technology	evolution	automation	robot	toy	robotic			get ready for a robot invasion, un report says the use of robots to mow lawns, vacuum floors, and perform other household chores is set to surge sevenfold by 2007, says a united nations survey, which credits dropping prices for the robot boom.
4			wikipedia	technology	broadband	internet	industry			lower costs prompt internet boom in britain study the number of newcomers to the internet in britain has surged this year to its highest level since the dotcom heyday of 2001, according to a study released on saturday.
2			baseball	sport	golf	marketing	football	money	talent			gone too soon ken caminiti 's power hitting, defensive acrobatics, and a rugged appeal that reached even nonbaseball fans made him one of san diego 's premier athletes, and helped lay groundwork for a $ 474
4			cluster	trend	collaboration	technology	networking	linux			clusty launches mozilla firefox clustering search toolbar clusty launches mozilla firefox clustering search toolbar vivisimo, the developer of clustering, search and meta search software for organizing search results, today announced the industry's first clustering toolbar for mozilla firefox. the quick, free and easy download is available today at clusty and offers firefox users a number of industry first features and ...
2			coaching	baseball	espn	basketball	sport	nfl	football	coach	quarterback			s.c. football coach holtz calls it quits south carolina coach lou holtz walked away from coaching monday, ending a 33 year career that was one of the most successful and colorful in college football history.
4			electronics	battery	computer	technology	car	power	robot	speed			tiny drives with big brains it's hard to resist these increasingly handy devices. but should you try?
3			politics	trade	business	finance	competition	money	industry			gmp securities pulls out of stelco effort to restructure and ... a bay street investment dealer has dropped out of the battle to refinance stelco inc., saying it can 't compete in a sales process that favours the hamilton steelmaker being taken over by an industry player.
3			success	business	progress	technology	evolution	enterprise	growth	innovation	change			progress software avoids crash and burn progress software nasdaq: prgs news is making, well, lots of progress in the tough enterprise software market. after all, another enterprise developer, lawson nasdaq: lwsn news , saw its shares plunge 12 on its warning for its fiscal first quarter results.
3			business	ceo	trend	sale	finance	profit	bankruptcy	competition	money			krispy kreme profit dives, stock hammered krispy kreme doughnuts inc. on thursday reported a sharp drop in quarterly profit and signaled that business may not recover anytime soon, sending its shares down more than 17 percent in pre market trading.
4			science	technology	evolution	research	google	surprise			google has a new one for the labs google suggest google has a new one for the labs google suggest google's labs has popped out a new beta google suggest. google suggest looks like the regular google search, except as you type in keywords google surprise! tries to guess what you could be typing. the really nifty ...
2			politics	baseball	cardinal	fan	sport	football			cardinals are down and seek lift from fans the fans of the st. louis cardinals are considered the best in baseball, or at least the most polite and supportive. they embrace their team with the fervor of a college
4			brand	product	television	movie	programming	technology	marketing	advertising	tv	commercial			products slide into more tv shows, with help from new middlemen television networks have worked hard in the last two years to strike their own product placement deals, closing the gap with the movies.
4			electronics	battery	computer	television	technology	kid	tv	video			review: the 70 portable video player most american kids get enough television, but just in case yours don't here's a good way to keep them pacified while away from the real thing: a new portable video player from mattel.
2			baseball	history	pittsburgh	steelers	sport	nfl	football			steelers just good enough dirty, weary and quietly pleased, the steelers trudged into their locker room sunday after the 16 7 victory against the washington redskins.
2			baseball	sport	football	wrestling	money	bobby			first person: rangers pitcher should sit out a year mulkeytown, ill. bp maybe he watches too much professional wrestling. maybe he 's really bobby knight 's illegitimate son.
1			politics	election	president	putin	democracy	corruption	power	russia	ukraine	politician			ukraine's isolated pm repeats offer to opposition prime minister viktor yanukovich, looking increasingly isolated in ukraine's deepening political crisis, offered again on tuesday to make his opposition rival premier if allowed to take up the presidency.
2			coaching	baseball	history	florida	miami	basketball	sport	football			special to after a big win over florida state a strong case could be made that the miami hurricanes have an outstanding chance to reach the bcs championship in the orange bowl, and when you look at their schedule there is no reason to believe they will fail to make
2			politics	game	olympics	espn	soccer	athletics	sport	city	football			big week for cities vying for 2012 games five cities vying to stage the 2012 summer games reveal their hands this week as olympic chiefs scrutinize their plans for holding the world 's greatest sporting extravaganza.
3			sale	nissan	profit	strategy	pricing	competition	industry			update 1: toro 4q profit soars 23 percent lawnmower manufacturer toro co. on wednesday said its profit grew 23 percent in the fourth quarter, helped by higher sales across all of its product segments and a surge in overseas demand.
3			business	technology	integration	company	logistics	networking	email	merger			grand central spiffs up integration service company beefs up online service for shipping business information between firms over the net.
3			success	failure	business	ceo	litigation	fraud	bankruptcy	competition			enron ceo 's firm seeks success fee the firm led by enron corp. 's quote, profile, research acting chief executive asked a bankruptcy judge for a $ 25 million success fee for its efforts in
4			security	computer	hacking	threat	privacy	technology	protection	encryption	surveillance			home computer users highly vulnerable home computer users who think that they are well protected from malevolent acts should think again. the vast majority of home computers operate at risk of intrusion by invasive code, according to the results of a study conducted by america online and the national cyber security alliance.
4			technology	storage	performance	rs	speed	security	linux			lto bids to regain its pace storage expo worm and a spec for lto 4 due this year
2			baseball	basketball	sport	competition	money	talent			don 't count pacers out just yet wow, wouldn 't that be something if the nba season ended with ron artest holding the championship trophy? it 's not out of the realm of possibility.
3			investor	ceo	china	acquisition	management	investing	company	strategy	finance	money			3i's gagen resigns martin gagen, who oversaw u.s. and asia pacific operations at 3i, resigns from the venture capital group.
4			device	mobility	connectivity	trend	technology	hp	computing	linux			new toshiba notebooks highlight long running trend toshiba 's new desktop replacement multimedia notebooks, introduced on tuesday, are further evidence that us consumers still have yet to embrace the mobility offered by intel 's newer mobile processors.
4			investing	technology	company	tech	ft	finance	time	money	industry			tech stocks open lower on cisco; dow flat u.s. tech stocks opened lower on wednesday, as results from technology bellwether cisco systems inc. disappointed wall street, while investors await an expected hike in interest rates from the fed later in the day.
4			mobile	radio	music	privacy	technology	wireless	phone			verizon: wait for dial tone, punch in number, rock out verizon wireless service lets users treat people who call them to music rather than the sound of a ringing phone.
4			mobile	mobility	wireless	technology	internet	nokia	broadband	telecommunication			mmo2 plans europe 's fastest 3g wireless network british mobile telecom operator mm02 will launch a high speed mobile broadband service in 2005. users will be able to download videos and music, and send large e mail attachments at speeds
4			privacy	technology	encryption	copyright	piracy	video	security	industry			tech firms announce video anti piracy technology global leading technology firms nds, stmicroelectronics and thomson say they will develop new encryption technology to foil video piracy, a 3.5 billion us dollars problem for broadcasters and movie studios.
2			baseball	safety	youth	soccer	sport	football	vs	cycling			n.y. youth soccer group mandates headgear for the first time in the nation, a new york regional youth soccer association will require the mandatory use of protective headguards, affecting nearly 35,000 players 14 years old and younger.
4			mobile	device	network	technology	nokia	smartphone	wireless			ctia features new wireless devices, initiatives attendees at the ctia wireless it and entertainment 2004 event were told today that they should feel optimistic about the future of the mobile and wireless industry.
4			job	computer	engineering	manufacturing	technology	automation	patent	engineer	education	industry			many engineers lack even a four year degree about 40 percent of u.s. workers in computer and math science have just a high school diploma or associate degree, according to a new report.
4			ads	technology	marketing	internet	content	advertising	email			more evidence that internet marketing is hot again in another consolidation in the hot again business of internet advertising, web video specialist viewpoint has agreed to buy unicast communications.
4			product	arm	detail	technology	finance	industry			update 4 uk 's arm buys artisan for $ 913 mln, shares fall british semiconductor designer arm holdings plc arm.l: quote, profile, research agreed to buy us chip components firm artisan arti.
4			manufacturing	china	technology	patent	manufacturer	innovation	factory	industry			lcd makers seen delaying expansion south korean and japanese makers of liquid crystal displays have slowed the opening of new factories because of overcapacity, according corning inc.
4			ibm	computer	technology	patent	machine	nasa	computing	linux			ibm 's blue gene l goes on sale the machine began life as a research project in 2000, is presently the world 's fastest supercomputer, and has only four publicly announced customers.
4			processor	computer	java	technology	power	networking	memory	intel	computing	linux			freescale announces dual core powerpc processor manufactured with a 90 nanometer process, freescale's mpc8641d processor has two powerpc e600 processor cores that run at clock speeds faster than 1.5 ghz and are connected by a high speed interface.
4			computer	graphic	manufacturing	chip	printing	technology	copyright	patent	color			court overturns lexmark dmca case injunction in a blow to printer company lexmark international, a federal appeals court overturned on tuesday an order that barred a north carolina company from making computer chips for ink cartridge replacements.
4			product	manufacturing	sale	technology	marketing	kid	toy	retail			toys r us fights to stay afloat in toy business despite fierce competition from dominant of discount chains like wal mart and target, toys r us inc. is betting its survival on low prices, strong inventory and good customer service.
2			boxing	baseball	life	retirement	basketball	sport	football	money			final buzzer arrives for pippen as six nba championship trophies covered with his fingerprints gleamed behind him in a trophy case, scottie pippen slumped his lean 6 7 frame over a berto center podium tuesday and bade farewell to his playing days.
4			motorola	network	mobility	cellular	technology	telecommunication	patent	intel			nextel communications purchases 5.6 million nextel partners shares kirkland, wash. business wire sept. 27, 2004 nextel communications, inc. today announced that it has entered into an agreement with motorola, inc.
1			election	politics	president	war	democracy	china	iran	iraq	afghanistan			megawati behind in pre election polls indonesian incumbent president megawati sukarnoputri believes she can win next week 's run off vote. most opinion polls, however, show former army general, susilo bambang yudhoyono
4			electronics	computer	gaming	technology	ibm	ai	intel	computing	linux			powerful chip to rev up home entertainment a long awaited microprocessor developed by ibm corp., sony corp. and toshiba corp. will go into early production next year and start appearing in video game consoles, high
2			coaching	history	jason	rugby	robinson	sport	race	football			robinson rises to lead new england it did not require a degree in clairvoyance to work out that jason robinson would bring something new to the union game when he crossed the sporting rubicon from rugby league, and it did not
2			violence	gaming	basketball	sport	gambling	pistons			pistons ban two from arena two men were banned from events at the palace for what the detroit pistons say is their involvement in last month's nba brawl. john green and charlie haddad were sent letters informing them of the ban, which also includes events at dte energy music theatre in clarkston, pistons spokesman matt dobek said yesterday. the clarkston site ...
4			computer	unix	technology	evolution	power	silicon	computing	linux			eyeing the next wave in risc computing some critics say risc's time has passed. sun microsystems' david yen has another idea.
1			politics	election	abortion	florida	voting	recall	county			florida judge: recount votes a state rule barring florida counties with touch screen voting from conducting manual recounts is at odds with state law, according to an administrative law judge ruling in a lawsuit against the state.
1			politics	putin	war	democracy	violence	corruption	power	russia	terrorism	leadership			putin says russia faces full 'war' to divide nation president vladimir v. putin acknowledged failures of leadership today as the toll from the end of a school siege rose to 322.
4			device	network	ethernet	technology	wireless	networking	ios	security	linux			enkoo adds higher end device for securing e mail and applications network appliance vendor enkoo has introduced a new remote access device designed for midsize businesses.
1			politics	democracy	privacy	greed	money	diversity			fighting for file swapping on capitol hill philip corwin has one of the least enviable jobs in washington, dc: he defends file swapping networks. that 's not a trivial task for corwin, the lobbyist for kazaa 's parent company.
1			politics	election	war	china	iran	russia			us has no objection to nkorea delaying nuclear talks until after ... washington : the united states said it had no objection to north korea wanting to resume six party talks on ending the korean nuclear crisis after the november 2 us presidential elections.
4			technology	electronics	lcd	philip			lg philips lcd starts mass production of 6th generation tft lcd ... lg philips lcd co ltd, one of the world 's leading manufacturers of thin film transistor liquid crystal displays tft lcd , said its new sixth generation tft lcd fabrication plant has started mass production of wide screens.
1			politics	intelligence	war	cia	strategy	terrorism	security			cia, pentagon officials fight merge plan opening a rare window into a secret world, the cia and the pentagon are publicly fighting a proposal to centralize under defense department control the u.s. covert paramilitary operations used increasingly in recent years in afghanistan and elsewhere...
4			industry	pc	computer	china	microsoft	technology	ibm	pcs	linux			lenovo, ibm may soon reveal pc unit deal china's largest pc maker could announce as early as today that it is buying control of ibm's pc making business for up to $ 2 billion.
2			mlb	baseball	espn	athletics	sport	football	stadium	ownership	toronto			blue jays agree to buy skydome the toronto blue jays are buying the stadium they ve been playing in for 16 years. the baseball team announced monday it has reached an agreement to purchase the skydome from sportsco international.
1			politics	election	israel	democracy	terrorism			marwan barghouti : sentenced to life by sharons justice and ... last june, at the very time marwan barghouti was sentenced to life emprisonment by israeli justice, franck biancheri was writing an editorial saying that whatever israeli judges were deciding, most probably mr barghouti will become the president of
3			business	ceo	disney	mr	entertainment	leadership			disney's eisner sees iger as successor walt disney co. chief executive michael eisner said company president robert iger is his preferred choice to succeed him in running the entertainment conglomerate, according to an interview in sunday's los angeles times.
2			election	medal	beijing	game	olympics	china	sport	athlete	event			china olympians return as heroes they were greeted at beijing airport by a senior party leader, a brass band and a traditional drum and cymbal troop, as well as crowds of well wishers.
4			electronics	computer	connectivity	ethernet	cisco	switching	networking	switch			switched on? will juniper networks, ciscos chief rival in the router market, make an entry into ethernet switching, and try to take yet another bite out of ciscos business?
2			coaching	boxing	baseball	basketball	sport	rule	nba	gambling	competition	money			stern rules out drastic remedies for nba david stern would not want to be in charge of a league that needs barriers to separate fans from players. the nba commissioner is searching for more practical remedies to keep things civil in a sport where the intimate setting the highest paying customers sit so close to the action they can smell the players' sweat is part of its appeal.
2			racing	race	sport	football	tennis	competition	sprint	cycling			ec wrong on worldcom sprint deal competition commissioner mario monti suffered an embarrassing defeat in a luxembourg court this week it ruled that his decision on the sprint worldcom merger was illegal.
4			electronics	philip	privacy	technology	nokia	patent	cancer			philips to reduce value of stake in medquist philips electronics said on wednesday that it would take a $ 752 million charge in the fourth quarter to reduce the value of its stake in medquist, a medical transcription company.
2			coaching	baseball	statistics	espn	basketball	sport	recruiting	football	finance	money			abcs of the bcs six conference champions and two at large teams will make up the participants in the four bcs bowl games, guaranteeing their schools huge paydays.
1			politics	revolution	violence	democracy	war	terrorism			rebels lift blockade, warn of more maoists rebels have lifted a blockade that cut nepal 's capital kathmandu off from the rest of the country for a week. in a statement released tuesday, however, the rebels warned the
3			statistics	ceo	marketing	company	coke	profit	money	earnings	industry			coke enterprises outlook disappoints coca cola enterprises inc. cce.n: quote, profile, research , the world 's largest bottler of coca cola soft drinks, on thursday forecast its earnings in 2005 would be at
2			coaching	indiana	baseball	michigan	basketball	sport	football	coach	purdue	indianapolis			indiana fires dinardo as football coach gerry dinardo was fired as indiana 's football coach after a 3 8 season that ended with a 63 24 loss to purdue, the hoosiers seventh defeat in eight years to their state rival.
4			wired	ethernet	technology	broadband	internet	wireless	networking	intel	linux			intel bets on wimax by backing clearwire intel and cellular phone billionaire craig mccaw have joined forces to deliver a new high speed wireless internet service.
3			business	technology	company	tech	growth	profit	money	industry			three kings bearing profits there was a trifecta in tech earnings yesterday, with google, microsoft and all posting quarterly profits, a positive sign overall for the technology sector's recovery.
2			america	baseball	history	atlanta	basketball	sport	football			the atlanta journal constitution it began with allen iverson the answer, the captain, the leader of team usa forgetting about the fractured bone in his right thumb and courageously hitting the floor against greece in full regalia.
3			news	television	business	sale	growth	advertising	money	newspaper	media			news corp beats estimates strong sales at newspapers, tv and cable help rupert murdoch 's media empire post two cents higher. los angeles reuters rupert murdoch 's news corp.
4			electronics	radio	frequency	music	technology	marketing	advertising	industry			big retailers embrace radio tagging when us retailing giant wal mart announced last november its intention to introduce radio frequency identification rfid technology, it pushed the retail industry into action overnight.
4			science	electronics	nano	electricity	technology	power	energy	light	physics			nanotechnology material may supercharge internet scientists have manipulated carbon atoms to create a material that could be used to create light based, versus electronic, switches. the material could lead to a supercharged internet based entirely on light, scientists say.
3			politics	business	privacy	greed	fraud	competition	money			full disclosure overdue from high tech analysts it was less than two years ago that wall street analysts jack grubman and henry blodget paid $ 19 million in fines and were banned from the securities industry for life to settle allegations that they'd promoted stocks like worldcom and global crossing as the telecom companies swan dived into an empty swimming pool. shortly after that, in april 2003, 10 of ...
4			processor	computer	engineering	manufacturing	hardware	intel	technology	evolution	silicon	linux			intel shelves plans for 4ghz pentium 4 intel has confirmed it will not release a 4ghz version of its flagship pentium 4 product. instead it will transfer its engineers to the company 's new design priorities.
4			computer	hacking	acquisition	business	software	privacy	technology	encryption	security			update 1: computer associates to acquire netegrity computer associates international inc. will acquire netegrity inc. in a $ 430 million cash deal that will merge the computer security software makers, the companies said wednesday.
4			statistics	computer	technology	power	performance	ibm	reliability	computing	linux			ibm supercomputer again claims record a $ 100 million supercomputer being built to analyze the nation 's nuclear stockpile has again set an unofficial performance record the second in just over a month.
4			electronics	computer	linux	technology	performance	energy	networking	reliability			new lubricant could improve hard drive performance a newly developed lubricant could improve the performance, capacity and longevity of hard drives used widely in computers, music players, video recorders and other devices, researchers say...
4			network	technology	wireless	spectrum	telecommunication	patent	competition			verizon wireless to acquire nextwave licenses for $ 3 billion verizon wireless on thursday announced an agreement to acquire all the pcs spectrum licenses of nextwave telecom inc. in 23 markets for $ 3 billion.
1			politics	election	democracy	syria	iran	poll	iraq	afghanistan	terrorism			a high risk election in iraq judging by the statements of those who have the power to decide, an election will be held in iraq on january 31 come what may. despite calls for a six month delay from iraqi political parties involved
4			wikipedia	application	software	technology	evolution	innovation	patent	linux			u.k. report cites merits of open source open source software advocates got a potential boost from a report by the u.k.'s office of government commerce, which cited advantages on the server side and a growing maturity on the desktop front.
4			collaboration	microsoft	technology	project	hp	patent	linux			microsoft, hp pleased with results of .net partnership hewlett packard co. and microsoft corp. said yesterday that their 2 year old .net joint initiative has led to more than 1,000 projects with 700 customers in 39 countries, resulting in $ 600 million in revenue.
2			boxing	england	match	sport	football	referee	spain			bloody ref a champions league match was abandoned last night when one of the world 's top referees was hit on the head by a missile from the crowd.
4			pc	computer	linux	business	microsoft	technology	strategy	ibm	security	industry			acer unveils new management team acer inc, the world 's fifth largest pc vendor, yesterday formally unveiled its new management team, whose goal it will be to make the company one of the top three players in the industry over the next three years.
1			politics	election	gov	governor	strategy	nixon	republican			locke may stay longer as wash. governor lame duck gov. gary locke may not be limping off into the sunset. if the slugfest between republican dino rossi and democrat christine gregoire doesn't produce a new governor by the scheduled jan. 12 inauguration, locke may have to stick around.
2			america	baseball	basketball	soccer	sport	boston	football	hometown			they like it here we knew they would when you re from boston, you get used to knowing everything about everything, especially sports. it 's as simple as that. when the hometown is
4			technology	company	innovation	seo	google			google is growing an update on google google is growing an update on google there is a lot going on at the googleplex these days. for three different reasons, each of which is important to search marketing, google has been in the seo spotlight this week. for the technology wonks, google engineers are said to be developing ...
2			coaching	shooting	baseball	basketball	sport	football	defense	strategy	gun			nets get licked with ugly shtick games like these are why coaches don 't carry firearms. you play good defense, hold an offensive, blistering team under 80 points.
4			processor	computer	chip	technology	networking	core	intel			many cores on many chips everywhere you look at the fall processor forum, there 's another chip with more than one core. at this annual industry conference where chip companies discuss the designs they re working
4			contract	analysis	quote	aviation	technology	development	patent	research	industry			us awards airliner antimissile contracts northrop grumman corp. noc.n: quote, profile, research and bae systems plc ba.l: quote, profile, research were tapped by the bush administration on wednesday to develop
2			baseball	cheating	betting	sport	race	football	gambling	money			hustle neglects passion for game first, we had pete rose betting on baseball. then we had pete rose betting on baseball, the report. then we had 14 years of pete rose denying that he bet on baseball.
4			electronics	statistics	technology	audio	industry			toshiba leads industry in bringing perpendicular data recording to ... tokyo business wire dec. 13, 2004 perpendicular recording technology achieves 1.8 inch drive that holds the industry largest 80 gigabytes of information.
4			electronics	device	manufacturing	technology	instrument	equipment	patent	research	industry			eads acquires racal instruments for $ 105 million arlington, va. based eads north america has purchased racal instruments inc., a designer, manufacturer and marketer of electronic tests and measurement equipment, for $ 105 million.
2			politics	news	television	sport	finance	education	media			worcester centrum to be renamed digital federal credit union, a fast growing alternative to traditional banks, said it is buying the naming rights to worcester's centrum centre. the $ 5.2 million, 10 year deal renames the building to dcu center. the signs are expected to be changed by the end of the year. dcu, based in marlborough, has been aggressively raising its profile with television, radio, and print ...
2			coaching	baseball	retirement	sport	redskins	nfl	defense	football	stats			smoot happy with progress of contract talks cornerback fred smoot said today that he is enthused by the progress of negotiations with the washington redskins on a contract extension and hopes to play his entire career with the team.
4			mobile	mobility	technology	nokia	patent	phone	industry			motorola sees 3g phone sales quadrupling motorola inc., the no. 2 mobile phone maker, said on wednesday it expects sales of phones based on the wcdma third generation technology to more than quadruple next year, helping it claw back market share.
4			computer	linux	hardware	software	system	hp	ibm	computing	windows			mainframes power bmc revenue mainframe products played a big role in bmc software 's second quarter earnings for its fiscal year 2005, which ended sept. 30.
4			product	electronics	battery	manufacturing	trend	technology	aging	manufacturer	consumer	industry			cameras lead gadget price declines in october npd digital cameras led retail price declines in u.s. consumer electronics in october, as manufacturers looked to clear out older models ahead of the holiday shopping season, according to an industry study prepared for reuters.
1			politics	election	democracy	privacy	censorship	terrorism	freedom	convention	security			like democrats, gop conventioneers fail to lock down wireless newbury networks wardrive found thousands of unsecured access points around madison square garden, even though the gop had declared its convention a wi fi free zone.
2			coaching	rating	baseball	statistics	television	sport	football	tv			rusedski happy to be back it is almost the end of term and the report cards are due. with only a couple of weeks to go before the season 's end, some tim henman are still busting their buttons to earn their gold star
4			electronics	computer	dell	movie	software	technology	money	linux			dell's photo all in one printer 962 dell's photo all in one printer 962 prints, scans, faxes and copies for $ 179.
4			network	technology	internet	communication	telecommunication	networking	carrier	sprint	merger			technology challenges sprint nextel merger the proposed merger of sprint corp. and nextel communications inc. could face a rocky start as the companies work to run and eventually merge two wireless technologies without breaking the bank or losing customers.
4			electronics	pc	computer	hardware	usb	technology	pcs	computing	linux			world 's largest hard drive released makers of pc bits and bobs seagate technology today announced that it has shipped what it reckons is the world 's largest pc hard drive.
1			election	america	politics	history	democrat	democracy	religion	party			the party of blind hatred, hypocrisy and hysteria a generation ago or more, the democratic party was considered the party of the little guy, promoting issues that directly impacted, and were supported by the average american, the majority.
4			excitement	magic	sport	technology	novelty	tech	invention	fun	innovation	surprise			a dash of novelty to add to excitement london, september 9: a dash of novelty would mark the exciting champions trophy. the tournament will feature new technology trials which could have far reaching effects on the game.
4			mobile	device	microsoft	wireless	smartphone	technology	nokia	phone			nokia extends ipv6 to phones nokia has demonstrated the first mobile ipv6 call, using its cdma dual stack handset. the demonstration was made at the 3g world congress convention and exhibition, which took place this week in hong kong.
4			electronics	computer	wired	network	technology	wireless	networking			wimax wings into the wild world of wireless tired of new wireless technologies? then stop reading. because here's a story about a new wireless system that could someday eclipse the wi fi service you've just begun to understand.
4			computer	linux	manufacturing	technology	performance	networking	ibm	intel	design	industry			build your own blade server fw3 writes information week is reporting that ibm and intel are opening up the standards for the eserver bladecenter. the companies will make available the design specifications for ibm 's eserver bladecenter product.
4			computer	dell	software	unix	technology	ibm	availability	linux			dell to tighten linux ties with novell pact the computer maker is expected to announce a deal to offer novell's suse linux factory installed on new servers, cnet has learned.
3			linear	business	ceo	manufacturing	technology	patent	reverse	industry			linear technology charts ceo transition integrated circuits maker linear technology corp., of milpitas, says bob swanson will give up the title of chief executive officer after 23 years, shifting to a new role as executive chairman.
4			hacking	network	privacy	broadband	technology	internet	telecommunication	networking	patent			fcc rules in favor of net phone industry federal regulators gave a boost tuesday to the fledgling internet phone industry, removing a regulatory hurdle that threatened to drive up the cost of making calls through cyberspace.
1			politics	election	violence	democracy	war	peace	terrorism	weapon	gun			ira pledges full disarmament breaking months of silence, the irish republican army declared today it was willing to get rid of all its weapons this month but only if protestants backed a new power sharing
2			coaching	huskies	baseball	hockey	sport	football	connecticut			u conn. accepts bid connecticut is headed to the motor city bowl, the huskies' first postseason as a division i a team. the huskies 7 4 will play the winner of thursday night's mac title game between toledo 8 3 and miami of ohio 8 3 .
2			basketball	athletics	sport	golf	football	swimming	competition	money			hemingway has silver sense matt hemingway gambled in the men's high jump last night, passing on the fourth height of the competition 7 feet 6 inches to save himself for later. he easily cleared his next two jumps to take the silver.
4			electronics	recycling	computer	safety	laser	manufacturing	recall	technology			some lexmark, dell printers may present electrical hazard approximately 40,000 laser printers manufactured by lexmark international inc. were recalled this week, according to a statement released by the consumer product safety commission cpsc .
4			product	business	network	connectivity	ethernet	technology	cisco	telecommunication	networking			cisco shaking router market cisco systems quote, chart will announce a new router family on tuesday that includes products for small and medium businesses. the integrated services router line delivers converged voice and data applications
4			manufacturing	software	leasing	technology	telecommunication	hr	security	linux			enterprises shift from hardware leasing to purchasing as interest rates continue to climb, an increasing number of enterprise it customers are shifting away from leasing to purchasing equipment such as laptops and pcs.
3			acquisition	technology	shareholder	company	stock	carrier	merger			wall st. journal says companies are in discussions shares of wireless carriers nextel and sprint rose thursday after the wall street journal reported that the companies are discussing a merger.
1			politics	america	election	history	chicago	democracy	washington			pageantry planned for bush inauguration when president bush takes his second oath of office jan. 20 it will be his family's fifth inauguration ceremony, a day of pomp and pageantry set amid the icons of democracy only this city can provide: the u.s. capitol, the white house, pennsylvania avenue.
3			business	trend	technology	marketing	strategy	innovation	networking	competition	industry			siebel 's new ceo sees crm provider more as partner than vendor crm is not a product. crm is not an event, ceo mike lawrie says. it 's a business strategy to drive companies closer to their customers.
3			business	marketing	wine	finance	strategy	logistics	leadership			rochester business journal constellation brands inc. has made a $ 970 million offer for robert mondavi corp. in a bid to bolster its wine portfolio. mondavi is in the midst of a management shakeup, and in a shift of corporate strategy
4			computer	technology	performance	time	machine	ibm	speed	computing			ibm claims computer speed title ibm corp. plans to announce today that it has built the world 's fastest supercomputer at one of its facilities in rochester, minn.
4			mobile	privacy	technology	broadband	internet	consumer	phone			voiceglo says consumers see the light phone service that's available wherever there's a net connection is approaching 2 million users.
4			electronics	computer	chip	technology	innovation	research	silicon	design			critical mass. for amd's chip designs? as the chipmaker plows profits into research, it's hoping for good things from a new design team in massachusetts.
2			sport	football			a september to remember so what if it 's only the chargers following the bengals, one perennial nfl nonentity after another? so what if the chargers are mostly a one man show?
4			security	computer	hacking	privacy	technology	fraud	money	surveillance	number			caller id spoof masks real callers new technology can trick us caller id services into displaying someone else 's name and telephone number, the washington post reported saturday.
3			relationship	business	loyalty	love	greed	people	wealth	competition	money			who do you love? cisco, dell and microsoft earn raves in a customer loyalty survey. apple, hp and sun? not so much. new york cnn money executives at cisco, dell, microsoft and ibm don 't need to worry about losing a lot
3			share	management	shareholder	company	compensation	profit	corporation	accounting	merger			shareholders rubber stamp microsoft payout approval of changes to employee stock compensation paves way for $ 32 billion bonanza for shareholders.
4			technology	innovation	apple	macintosh	ai	windows			attendees mixed if imac g5 is the complete solution attendees at apple expo in paris are impressed at the look of the new imac g5, but mixed on whether it 's the right solution for their needs.
4			network	privacy	technology	broadband	internet	telecommunication	networking	money			sbc lowers broadband prices for new customers sbc communications will offer a high speed internet connection for $ 19.95 per month to new customers who buy a premium calling plan and sign a one year contract, the company said on wednesday.
3			rating	america	business	sale	profit	advertising	money			the times company lowers its forecast for 2004 earnings the new york times company said yesterday that its profit for the year would fall short of what it had initially forecast, a casualty of higher costs and of advertising revenue that has
3			investing	company	growth	profit	finance	competition	money	earnings	industry			merck sees less profit in '05, shares up merck co. inc., reeling from the recent withdrawal of its vioxx arthritis drug, on wednesday said 2005 earnings will decline to levels below wall street expectations, the third straight year of lower results.
4			electronics	battery	device	music	technology	nokia	ios	linux			europeans favour music for portable gadgets music will continue its reign as the prime mover of european gadgets, according to jupiter research. a survey of 5,000 consumers from britain, germany, france, sweden, spain and italy, revealed that devices
4			computer	intel	technology	profit	apple	money	silicon	linux			intel posts higher profit, sales computer chip maker intel corp. said yesterday that earnings for its third quarter were $ 1.9 billion up 15 percent from the same quarter a year ago but the company cautioned that computer
4			computer	pc	hardware	technology	apple	hp	ibm	intel	computing	linux			amd unveils its fastest desktop chip com. advanced micro devices inc. on tuesday introduced its fastest desktop processor, heating up competition with rival chip maker intel corp.
1			politics	election	statistics	democracy	voting	poll	sampling	money	number			are you a likely voter ? in the weeks leading up to november in the us, it 's abundantly clear that this is not election season but rather polling season ; with the actual voting still some ways off, our pundits must resort to polls and surveys as an estimate of what the will of the people will be on election day. but just how accurate are the samples in those polls?
4			electronics	nano	computer	application	manufacturing	technology	innovation	security	printing			intermec unveils first multi protocol rfid printer intermec technologies on monday unveiled a prototype version of a multi protocol rfid printer in its pm 4i smart printer product line at the frontline solutions conference exposition in chicago. company officials said it is the first multi protocol printer in the market.
4			battery	computer	intel	technology	power	performance	speed	computing	linux			intel bumps speed of fastest centrino com. intel on wednesday added a faster pentium m processor to its centrino chip set bundle for laptops. the pentium m 765 runs at 2.1ghz, packs 2mb of level 2 cache, and uses intel 's power saving technologies to extend battery life, said intel.
1			politics	america	election	democracy	greed	people	finance	terrorism	money			stock market spoilers could show up soon everybody was ready to party on wall street after george w. bush's election win.
2			baseball	soccer	basketball	sport	rule	football	money			football: do the maths, this is a titmuss t win game for us, boss when berti vogts hands abi titmuss her morning muesli, i hope the old terrier has a grin from ear to ear. but i d rather the scotland boss racked up points on the table than notches on the headboard.
4			nasa	computer	computing	technology	flight	ibm	speed	space	physics			sgi supercomputer: two records in one day moffett field, calif. even as silicon graphics trumpeted on tuesday a new speed record with its columbia supercomputer built for nasa, cnet news.
2			coaching	baseball	statistics	espn	sport	nfl	football	strategy	quarterback	stats			jags could take two game lead with win editor 's note: espn senior nfl writer john clayton 's weekly first and 10 column takes you around the league with a look at the best game of the week followed by primers for 10 other games.
2			baseball	basketball	money	football			off to a fast start call it a fluke, or the upset of the week, or whatever you want. fresno state's players and coaches don't think of it that way.
4			ethernet	intel	technology	wireless	networking	silicon	linux			no wi fi for grantsdale intel has dropped plans to include integrated wi fi in its 915g p and 925x chipsets. the chipsets formerly codenamed grantsdale were due to have wi fi access points built in at launch.
4			windows	product	application	hardware	software	technology	microsoft	linux			product lifecycles get the windows treatment windows shops that want to build a product lifecycle management strategy now have the assurance that microsoft will be more closely aligned with one of the plm industry 's largest manufacturing application vendors.
1			election	politics	democracy	time	machine	money			ready or not whether or not the machines are ready for the election or the electorate ready for the machines there is no turning back.
2			coaching	baseball	history	homecoming	basketball	sport	football	strategy			they're at head of their class the game will be meaningful on so many levels. when boston college hosts syracuse tomorrow at alumni stadium, the eagles will not only be playing for their first big east title in their last game as a conference member, they will also be looking to send off their 14 departing seniors in grand style by clinching a bowl championship series ...
4			security	acquisition	privacy	technology	patent	email	surveillance	industry			3com to acquire tippingpoint for $ 430 million 3com monday announced plans to acquire tippingpoint technologies, a maker of intrusion prevention systems, for approximately $ 430 million in stock.
2			cycling	running	athletics	race	sport	football	transportation	speed	racing			barnicle finishes 6th in humid san diego all season, chris barnicle seemed prepared for just about everything, but the newton north senior was not ready for the hot weather he encountered yesterday in san diego at the footlocker cross country national championships. racing in humid conditions with temperatures in the 70s, the massachusetts division 1 state champion finished sixth in 15 minutes 34 seconds in the 5 kilometer race...
4			electronics	computer	privacy	technology	telecommunication	fraud	advertising	money	email			office depot hears call for voip the office equipment supplier jumps into the growing market of placing cheap calls over the net.
4			computer	privacy	technology	broadband	internet	telecommunication	phone			is an internet phone right for you? voip services are cropping up all over the place. we answer your questions about this new breed of phone services.
1			politics	election	democracy	egypt	anwar	corruption	religion	terrorism	malaysia	politician			anwar vows to campaign for reforms former deputy prime minister anwar ibrahim says he will not give his opponents in malaysia any excuse to put him behind bars again, but he vowed to keep campaigning for democratic reforms.
4			mobile	mobility	privacy	technology	smartphone	vision	phone			cingular makes phone for vision impaired a new cellular application promises to help vision impaired people who can't read the screen of a mobile phone. it responds to spoken commands with voice recognition technology and reads back menu options, text messages, and other information to the user.
4			virus	privacy	technology	bandwidth	internet	networking	email	security	linux			trend micro hopes to spread mobile antivirus the spam blocking feature of trend micro 's package may be more immediately useful, because bandwidth is money. software that can prevent unwanted messages from coming through will save users cash.
4			electronics	security	hardware	software	dvd	technology	tech	gear	playstation			digital gear: entertaining gadgets slick cds and portable dvd support, plus digicam choices and new security options.
1			politics	america	diplomacy	war	strategy	afghanistan	terrorism	policy	security			bin laden: us security depends on policy osama bin laden delivered a new videotaped message in which he told americans their security does not depend on the president they elect, but on us policy.
3			industry	acquisition	sale	marketing	company	growth	corporation	earnings	merger			acquisition helps smucker reports 18 percent earnings increase jm smucker co. said on friday that earnings for its second quarter were up 18 percent, helped by a 57 percent increase in sales stemming from its acquisition of international multifoods corp.
4			radio	cable	network	technology	broadband	telecom	wireless	communication	telecommunication			shamrock sells wireless stake israel's bezeq buys back a 50 share in pelephone communications.
1			politics	controversy	corruption	scandal	fraud	bias			mckenry doesn 't back scrafton: pm prime minister john howard said a former public servant had not backed the claims by former adviser mike scrafton about the children overboard affair.
4			computer	nothing	technology	microsoft	windows			your daily tech news service... short media have thrown up a new article which asks does windows service pack 2 slow you down? microsoft released service pack 2 and millions installed it.
2			baseball	homecoming	basketball	sport	recruiting	football	tech	maryland	rivalry			today s matchup: virginia tech at unc old home week: virginia tech and north carolina haven 't met in the regular season since 1946, but the programs have a history with each other.
4			security	virus	computer	hacking	technology	encryption	strategy	ethics			best antivirus software for 2005 viruses and worms just keep getting smarter and more devious. while the best defense is not opening e mail attachments, you still need a solid antivirus program.
2			baseball	espn	basketball	sport	recruiting	football	scheduling	tennis	competition			dawgs match up well with auburn this week 's schedule may not be loaded with marquee matchups, but there are plenty of games saturday with huge bcs implications.
3			america	business	greed	bank	bankruptcy	banker	money	banking			bank says it 's gaining customers since merger thousands of new customers across the northeast are flocking to bank of america corp., chief executive kenneth d. lewis said yesterday, despite a wave of bad
1			election	politics	statistics	democracy	california	voting	immigration	fraud			ohio judge rules punch card voting fair voting rights are not denied to those who use punch card ballots, a federal judge ruled in the nation's first trial to challenge the system blamed for woes in florida in the 2000 presidential election.
2			baseball	hockey	game	television	espn	sport	technology	football	tv			if hockey is out, best thing on ice may be a computer game a cable channel plans to resurrect each of the 1,230 regular season games listed on the league's defunct 2004 2005 schedule by setting them in motion on a video game console.
4			application	java	programming	software	development	optimization	availability	linux			borland touts software delivery optimization at the borcon conference this week, borland software will reveal its software delivery optimization strategy, which leverages the companys alm application lifecycle management and developer products to ease software development and maintenance.
1			election	politics	campaign	democracy	polling	finance	republican	money			campaign donor data goes mobile political wonks no longer need to hunch over their pcs to track the political leanings of different regions. a new service sends that data to cell phones and pdas, so people can find out instantly if they're in a democratic or republican stronghold. by daniel terdiman.
1			politics	election	war	democracy	iran	iraq	terrorism	afghanistan			click refresh for updates tony blair faces mps today for the first time since the launch of the us led assault on falluja and the death of four members of the black watch just south of baghdad.
4			application	technology	marketing	advertising	patent	industry			users resist rfid hype despite speakers at the epcglobal us conference talking up the benefits of radio frequency identification, many us companies are still waiting to see a clear reason to adopt rfid technology.
2			baseball	history	life	espn	basketball	sport	football			sportsview: bosox yanks an instant classic heroics and heartbreaks, diving catches and basepath blunders, hot bats and bizarre slumps, rainy days and endless nights.
4			computer	hacking	device	privacy	microsoft	technology	encryption	security	windows			longhorn locked against theft by ipod microsoft is working on technology that will give companies more control over whether to prohibit devices that can easily be used to transfer data to and from personal computers.
4			grid	computer	network	collaboration	technology	patent	research	computing	linux			fathers of grid computing form start up the researchers who spawned the idea of grid computing will launch a company monday to commercialize what so far has been a very academic software project for sharing computing resources.
4			ibm	grid	collaboration	technology	hp	networking	patent	computing	linux			dell, emc, intel and oracle line up on the grid it industry heavyweights dell, emc, intel and oracle today sealed an alliance to develop grid computing technology and establish best practice.
2			coaching	baseball	statistics	sport	recruiting	nfl	football	player	playoff	money			upshaw wants changes nflpa head gene upshaw informs team owners on wednesday during league meetings that the players want a larger percentage of local revenue streams.
2			coaching	baseball	statistics	sport	philadelphia	nfl	football	playoff	competition			eagles to weigh playoff pressure over week the philadelphia eagles once again have home field advantage throughout the nfc playoffs. and once again, nothing less than a trip to the super bowl will be considered a success.
1			election	politics	democrat	democracy	race	republican			democrats have bad case of the blues after losing back to back presidential elections, democratic leaders are trying to figure out how to make the party more relevant to mainstream americans and keep it from slipping into perpetual minority party status. and the task is daunting, many democratic consultants and leaders agree.
4			electronics	computer	cable	network	wireless	technology	internet	telecommunication	networking			computer doubles as telephone if you re already paying for high speed internet service, why not make the most of your money? those cables aren 't just good for downloading sports scores, they can digitally transmit and receive phone calls, too.
4			dell	computer	linux	network	storage	technology	networking	availability	security	server			dell to spend $ 115 million on new plant organizations are replacing aging servers with newer more powerful boxes, often linux based, and theyre also investing in storage.
4			compatibility	collaboration	code	software	component	reliability	design	linux			start up strives for open source compatibility a new seattle start up called sourcelabs seeks to solve a longstanding problem with the popular open source software movement: components often don't talk with each other.
2			retirement	sport	football	cricket	tennis			pinsent will retire ... and then return: redgrave matthew pinsent is to announce his retirement, according to sir steven redgrave, but is likely to follow in his footsteps by changing his mind and returning to the sport.
2			coaching	baseball	eagle	basketball	athletics	sport	football			eagles look back, not ahead they will genuflect to their 1984 boston college football forefathers, who beat the miami hurricanes in the orange bowl on a hail mary pass that bronzed doug flutie as a heisman trophy winner. but it doesn't mean the eagles, ranked 24th in the associated press top 25 and 25th in the espn usa today coaches' poll, will bow to anyone else ...
4			industry	product	application	technology	change	windows			peoplesoft pushes upgrade sweeteners peoplesoft's now program, unveiled this week at connect 2004, will allow world, enterprise and enterpriseone customers a free technical upgrade, management services and training.
3			politics	electricity	business	technology	power	finance	energy	wealth	money			modest scot who has hit the jackpot it 's been a year to remember for bill gammell, chief executive of cairn energy, who has seen the company he founded 24 years ago in edinburgh quadruple in value in the 12 months to 2.
2			baseball	soccer	athletics	sport	volleyball	basketball	football	maryland	softball			no more clubbing maryland opens its season against division ii bryant university, instead of a club team, after a new ncaa rule prohibiting those exhibitions.
2			ecuador	baseball	game	gaming	sport	football	chess	networking			photo 5 of 8: global gamers clash for cash $ 2.5 million in prize money is on the line as gamers from uzbekistan to ecuador compete in the world cyber games.
3			product	trend	nutrition	sale	marketing	company	growth	health	food			update 1: campbell soup profit up on sales increase campbell soup co., the world 's largest soupmaker, reported a 9 percent gain in first quarter profits monday as sales of products from soups to chocolates rose.
4			revenue	technology	company	growth	analytics	google	money			google hints at slowing growth google does not expect to maintain the same pace of revenue growth it has recorded over the last several quarters, the company acknowledged thursday in a securities and exchange commission filing.
1			politics	election	war	iraq	resigning	terrorism	resignation			bush mum on whether annan should resign president george w bush yesterday declined to endorse a republican senator 's call for un secretary general kofi annan to resign but did not offer annan any words of support.
3			business	ceo	investing	technology	growth	finance	money	capital			huge and proud of it new enterprise associates is the biggest stand alone venture capital operation in the world, but industry insiders say the company's girth is a handicap.
2			fan	baseball	football			edmonds, cardinals have a blast don't look now, but there's a bit of drama building in the other league championship series.
4			mobility	technology	wireless	internet	broadband	google	telecommunication	pcs			blair pledges to end digital divide if re elected prime minister tony blair has committed a future labour government to providing broadband access for all during a next term of office.
4			mobile	network	mobility	wireless	nokia	technology	telecommunication	patent	industry			trigenix buy gives qualcomm european in road qualcomm inc. figures to expand is presence in the european wireless arena with the $ 36 million purchase of trigenix. founded in 2000, united kingdom based trigenix develops
4			politics	business	privacy	technology	communication	telecommunication	networking	money	security			verisign nears new net phone deals ten internet phone providers are set to use its behemoth signaling network. does the move take away business from the bells?
4			network	technology	broadband	internet	telecommunication	education			web surfers hit higher speeds a majority of us home internet users now have broadband, according to a survey by netratings. while the total number of home internet users has reached a plateau in the us, those who do use the internet are adopting broadband at a rapid pace, according to ...
4			mobile	device	wireless	smartphone	technology	nokia	networking	phone			nokia joins secure digital industry group the mobile phone maker will support tiny data storage devices and their multimedia cards.
1			election	britain	politics	government	ireland	media	afghanistan	politician			pms to publish devolution plan the british and irish prime ministers are due in northern ireland as hopes fade of a deal to restore devolution.
4			politics	election	computer	app	technology	pr			'a massive experiment' in voting on nov. 2, some 6 million washington area voters will use touch screen machines, a key test of a new technology that will play a major role in deciding what promises to be a very close presidential election.
4			trading	technology	company	tech	stock	ft	finance	strategy	industry			stocks set for soft open, focus on techs stocks were set to open slightly lower on monday as microsoft corp. begins to trade ex dividend, weakening technology shares and offsetting a welcome drop in crude prices.
3			business	technology	marketing	ft	google	money			update1 radioshack, wal mart unit form wireless venture radioshack corp. rsh.n: quote, profile, research , looking to expand its sales pool, on monday said it would take over the operation of cell phone kiosks at 542 sam 's club stores
3			trend	sale	marketing	ft	growth	fashion	earnings	industry			limited brands quarterly earnings fall fashion retailer limited brands inc.'s third quarter earnings fell 40 percent because of fewer one time gains, the company reported thursday.
4			virus	hacking	network	privacy	technology	encryption	networking	email	security			ibm, cisco aim to protect networks the companies expand a security alliance to help businesses keep worms and viruses from getting onto their networks.
1			politics	war	propaganda	censorship	marketing	pr	media			sco not sure pro sco site is a good idea legal concerns of all things have caused the sco group to rethink it plans to launch a pro sco propaganda web site meant to counter the popular groklaw site.
1			politics	america	president	history	election	congress	clinton	washington			clinton due to open his library ex us leader bill clinton is to open his presidential library, housing millions of documents from his time in office.
4			collaboration	privacy	technology	standard	innovation	patent	linux			tech standards set tone for on demand systems it vendors are championing highly integrated and flexible systems through offerings such as ibm's 'on demand computing' initiative and hp's 'adaptive enterprise' strategy. but what's really important, users say, is support for open standards.
4			electronics	computer	manufacturing	chip	intel	technology	apple	semiconductor	silicon			samsung pumps $ 31bn into chip plants south korea 's samsung electronics, the world 's largest memory chipmaker, is to invest $ us24 billion $ 31 billion in new chip production lines over the next six years.
3			trend	sale	marketing	retailer	profit	growth	fashion	retail	industry			coles myer full year profit rises 44 on sales growth coles myer ltd., australia 's biggest retailer, said full year profit rose 44 percent after boosting sales, cutting costs and increasing earnings at its department stores.
1			politics	britain	war	democracy	ireland	strategy	terrorism			paisley s plan for ira northern ireland could return to self government next spring, the rev ian paisley 's democratic unionist party said last night.
4			device	ethernet	hardware	technology	standard	hp	networking	gateway	windows			gateway delivers its first btx motherboard pc gateway inc. released the specifications friday for a retail desktop pc based on a new motherboard design that should help cool high end processors and graphics cards.
1			politics	controversy	football	change	money	leadership			western michigan fired darnell for the benefit of our student athletes and fans, we simply cannot afford another year of decline and now is the time for new leadership to be brought in, kathy beauregard, the school 's director of intercollegiate athletics, said in a statement.
3			industry	trade	technology	growth	finance	innovation	competition	money	merger			industry reacts to tech pacific buy resellers may feel the ingram micro acquisition of tech pacific in the pocket as their credit lines could be cut in half once the two firms join.
2			baseball	history	sport	football	money			red sox primed for encore when you re part of a team that has just captured its first world series title in 86 years, it 's easy to get a little too caught up in the moment.
4			analytics	technology	cisco	performance	networking	ibm	reliability	security	industry			cisco's router market takes a hit company reports a decline in its router business during its quarterly earnings, which barely met analyst expectations.
2			australia	game	disability	olympics	athletics	sport	athlete	paralympics	paralympic			funding, interest up although paralympic sports have been integrated with the olympic movement in countries such as canada, germany and great britain for some time, paralympic athletes roles in the usa still are growing.
3			ceo	microsoft	shareholder	company	stock	finance	corporation	accounting	money	email			microsoft shareholders ok stock changes microsoft corp. shareholders on tuesday approved changes to the company's stock compensation plans, clearing the way for the software giant to award a one time, 3 per share dividend that will cost the company an estimated 32 billion.
4			java	software	microsoft	technology	evolution	development	security	linux			sun microsystems to give away new operating system hoping to attract more developers worldwide, sun microsystems is giving away its latest operating system, solaris 10, after spending years of development and investing roughly 500 million dollars into the software.
4			biotechnology	technology	energy	health	research	cancer	industry			biolase hits 20 mo. low on q3 warning shares of biolase technology inc. took a dive to a 20 month low thursday after the maker of lasers used in dental procedures warned that it would report a third quarter loss and lower than anticipated revenue.
4			source	statistics	business	network	trend	technology	company	research	industry			after the bell applied materials, network appliances rise new york, aug 17 reuters shares of data storage equipment maker network appliance inc. ntap.o: quote, profile, research rose after the bell on tuesday after the company posted a quarterly profit that rose 73 percent on strong sales in asia and ...
4			computer	privacy	wireless	technology	internet	phone			u.s. wireless use behind rest of world on a trip on the tokyo subway last year, almost everyone ignored the young man talking on one wireless phone, messaging with another and juggling a third.
3			business	ceo	management	technology	microsoft	ibm	email	industry			ibm creates management consulting service it management and web technology have been fighting neck to neck for the fifth spot for the last year. this month, it management drops a rank to 6.
3			investor	investment	investing	stock	finance	wealth	money	banking			the investment column: chief goes but s f remains a buy john hodson, the chief executive of singer friedlander, yesterday announced his retirement from the banking and fund management group after 35 years with the company.
2			coaching	baseball	expectation	clemson	miami	espn	basketball	sport	football	coach			a look at top games and assorted other notes in week 14: no. 10 virginia tech 9 2 at no. 9 miami 8 2 : 1 pm today. tv: wtae... virginia tech wins the acc outright and the automatic bcs bid with a win.
3			contract	business	technology	company	finance	bankruptcy	competition	money	security	industry			peoplesoft's customer woes competitors say they are winning contracts over peoplesoft because of concern about company's future.
1			politics	election	unity	democracy	unification	corruption	power	terrorism	leader	leadership			unity plea as sby names cabinet susilo bambang yudhoyono began his first day as indonesia 's president yesterday by swearing in his cabinet a mix of experts and political appointees whom analysts said could push through
4			network	mobility	ethernet	technology	broadband	internet	wireless	networking	spectrum			group to propose new high speed wireless format a group of technology companies including texas instruments inc. , stmicroelectronics and broadcom corp. , on thursday said they will propose a new wireless networking standard up to 10 times the speed of the current generation.
4			electronics	device	technology	nokia	multimedia	samsung	linux			tiny memory card for mobiles launched samsung has developed a cut down version of the multimedia memory card mmc that it hopes to see deployed in future mobile phones.
3			job	manufacturing	production	company	plant	factory	corporation	industry			colgate palmolive announces 4,400 job cuts; plant shutdowns new york, december 7 new york based colgate palmolive announced its plans today to cut its total workforce by 12 and close one third of its factories in an attempt to reduce costs and focus on the high profit areas, such as
4			processor	computer	ethernet	hardware	storage	networking	memory	intel	computing	linux			intel launches storage processor intel also unveiled a key optical design win with emulex corporation and a new compiler for storage applications. intel introduced the 64 bit capable low voltage intel xeon processor 2.8 ghz with 800
3			trading	trade	trend	price	option	market	stock	competition			stocks to open lower before jobs report u.s. stocks are seen opening lower as traders show caution in advance of friday's key jobs report, though big retail sales news thursday could push stocks early...
3			statistics	business	transaction	market	finance	money	banking	merger			citizens gets us ok for charter one buy federal regulators granted citizens financial group approval for its biggest acquisition to date, charter one financial inc. of ohio. the federal reserve board said the pending merger likely would have a minimal impact on competition even in markets where the two banks overlap. when the $ 10.5 billion acquisition is complete, citizens will be the 11th biggest bank in the nation ranked ...
4			mobile	microsoft	technology	nokia	competition	phone	industry			nokia posts drop in 3q earnings, sales nokia oyj reported a 20 percent drop in third quarter profits on thursday, citing disappointing mobile phone sales that will likely put a damper on fourth quarter results as well.
4			industry	ibm	manufacturing	technology	performance	hp	patent	security	linux			micron passes hynix in q3 dram race, says isuppli micron technology inc. edged out hynix semiconductor inc. in the third quarter to regain the number two position in the worldwide dram market, according to a preliminary market share ranking from isuppli corp.
2			baseball	sport	love	football	cancer			wannstedt was one of the good guys almost every single week i spend monday morning reading the papers, watching tv and talking to my wife who is a great football fan.
4			mobile	battery	motorola	device	mobility	technology	nokia	phone			motorola releases razr phone via cingular motorola inc. announced the u.s. release tuesday of its razr v3, the ultra thin cell phone that it has promoted heavily as the star of its portfolio of 20 new handsets.
2			medal	boxing	doping	olympics	athletics	sport	greece	weightlifting	athlete			greek weightlifter stripped of medal for drugs greek weightlifter leonidas sampanis, greece 's first medal winner at the athens olympics, was stripped of his bronze medal and excluded from the games sunday for a doping offense, another big blow for the host nation which is welcoming the homecoming
4			mobile	device	java	mobility	technology	smartphone	nokia	linux			palmone rolls out new treo smartphone palmone has unveiled the latest version of its popular treo smartphone. the treo 650 features a number of modifications that make the device more useful, while not changing its basic design or core capabilities.
3			rival	safety	sale	competitor	target	risk	consumer	competition	industry			nestle confirms targets after rivals warn nestle confirmed its 2004 guidance on tuesday, a day after competitors unilever and colgate palmolive cast doubts over the consumer goods industry's outlook by issuing profit warnings.
4			windows	computer	software	technology	microsoft	camera	pcs	sony			microsoft focuses on camera connections software giant announces new tools for plugging digital cameras into pcs.
4			silicon	network	unix	technology	networking	sun	email	security	linux			sun micro agrees to buy closely held sevenspace sun microsystems inc. sunw.o has agreed to acquire closely held sevenspace inc., adding to sun 's managed services offerings, the network computer maker said on monday.
2			coaching	baseball	history	basketball	sport	football	power	leadership			seminoles may have finally solved leadership puzzle when alonzo jackson had his much publicized finger pointing episode after a loss to notre dame two years ago, it became the impetus for bobby bowden 's decisions to close the locker room doors
4			computer	hacking	privacy	hacker	technology	security			cell phones increasingly vulnerable to hackers early this month, several web sites began offering software promising ringtones and screensavers for certain cell phones. but those who downloaded the software
4			computer	hacking	network	privacy	technology	company	networking	corporation	security			companies step up monitoring of internal networks companies that have spent billions on cyberdefenses to thwart intruders are now addressing an even bigger threat: employees. many are investing in software that monitors sensitive content inside corporate networks, say security analysts and venture capitalists.
3			brand	shoe	marketing	fashion	drug	food	industry			marks spencer buys per una brand food and clothing chain marks spencer plc said tuesday it had bought the per una clothing brand from businessman george davies for 125 million pounds $ 223 million .
4			electronics	computer	hacking	hardware	software	technology	tech	security	linux			proxim and symbol make nice com september 14, 2004, 9:12 am pt. with the economy slowly turning up, upgrading hardware has been on businesses radar in the past 12 months as their number two priority.
4			electronics	battery	computer	car	technology	appliance	design			cedia 2004: picks and pans here's what was good looking, butt ugly, and just plain annoying at the recent consumer electronics and home theater show.
4			computer	linux	manufacturing	microsoft	technology	networking	ibm	intel	server			ibm agrees to share blade server know how the ibm announcement is being made in collaboration with intel. under an agreement reached two years ago, the companies have worked together to design and manufacture blade servers.
2			owen	sport	football	jones	quarterback			no love for owens here 's an intriguing halloween idea for yappy philadelphia eagles enigma terrell owens. how about dressing up as a humble introverted wide receiver who lets his outstanding skills do all his talking for him
2			baseball	college	basketball	sport	football	drug	money			putting a face on college programs shortly before steve spurrier appeared at derrick williams 's upper marlboro home on monday night, the phone rang. it was ron zook.
2			politics	speculation	soccer	sport	football	money			soccer board doesn 't back bid british soccer club manchester united won 't endorse malcolm glazer 's proposed buyout offer and temporarily suspended talks with the 76 year old tycoon, the team said monday.
4			computer	network	privacy	technology	broadband	internet	telecommunication	networking	phone			voip vs. conventional telephones traditional phone systems may be going the way of the pony express. voice over internet protocol, technology that allows users to make and receive phone calls using the internet, is giving the old circuit switched system a run for its money.
4			mobile	privacy	technology	smartphone	blackberry			rim's blackberry subscribers top 2 mln the blackberry wireless e mail device is now being used by a record two million subscribers, less than a year after it topped the one million market, research in motion ltd. rim said on wednesday.
4			computer	car	technology	religion	math	driving	money			floppy disk spins its way toward graveyard atlantalong the most common way to store letters, homework and other computer files, the floppy disk is going the way of the horse upon the arrival of the car: it ll hang around, but never hold the same relevance in everyday life.
1			election	politics	history	democracy	germany	unemployment	economics	austria			record loss for schrder in biggest state germany 's social democrat chancellor, gerhard schrder, suffered a humiliating election defeat in the party 's traditional stronghold yesterday.
4			mobile	network	privacy	technology	consumer	phone			3g phones 'bad value' says which? consumer group which? warns against buying 3g handsets in the uk due to a limited network.
4			electronics	chip	technology	apple	semiconductor	samsung	silicon	intel	industry			samsung plans to invest $ 24bn in chips by 2010 samsung electronics, the worlds second largest chipmaker, said on monday it would invest won25,000bn $ 24bn in new chip production lines by 2010 to generate accumulative sales of won200,000bn.
1			election	politics	party	strategy	advertising	campaigning	money	politician			four days out, and howard is worried latham may be succeeding in his audacious bid to drag older voters away from the pm, writes shaun carney. you can often get a sense of how political parties view their own prospects at an election through their advertising in the final week of a campaign.
2			baseball	sport	football	god	lion			prefontaine hoofs the lions for a guy who would have preferred to see the skydome lid closed, noel prefontaine did a fine job of putting the boot to the football yesterday in the chilly, open air of the topless stadium.
3			product	store	business	chicago	sale	sears	retailer	growth	retail			wal mart confirms near term outlook retailing titan expects same store sales to increase by 2 to 4 in november, heading into holidays. chicago reuters wal mart stores inc.
4			electronics	radar	technology	fcc	equipment	antenna			moncks corner facility has new owner integral systems of lanham, md., said wednesday it had agreed to sell assets of its antenna systems division in moncks corner to ljt associates of montgomery, ala.
4			electronics	battery	computer	electricity	device	technology	power	energy			micro generators rev up the power a new micro generator developed at the georgia institute of technology holds promise for micro generator technology 's future in electronics devices.
3			economics	market	stock	growth	finance	oil	corporation	competition	money			stock market indicators turn positive as world oil prices retreat with oil prices receding, north american stock markets seem poised to advance thursday, the last day of the financial third quarter for many corporations.
3			industry	business	technology	telecommunication	growth	money	merger			post merger work force at cingular to shrink 10 percent cingular wireless, the nation 's largest cellphone company, will cut about 10 percent of its 68,000 jobs over the next 12 to 18 months as it combines operations with the recently
1			election	politics	president	history	democracy	race	football	washington			pigskin prediction: as go the redskins... description: since 1936, the outcome of the washington redskins last home game has predicted the next president. when the redskins have won their last home game, the incumbent party has retained the white house.
1			politics	election	government	canadian	parliament	mps	canada	toronto	leadership			layton says he and martin agree they must co operate in house ottawa cp ndp leader jack layton says he and prime minister paul martin agree they must co operate to make parliament work this fall. layton and conservative leader stephen harper each met privately monday with martin, the same day the liberals began their annual summer caucus.
3			money	life	business	bankruptcy			ge capital vs. the small town folk hero aaron m. feuestein, a corporate folk hero who paid workers out of his own pocket during a rough patch, wants to buy his old company back. a storybook ending, right? not quite.
3			statistics	business	ceo	privacy	technology	photography	industry			before the bell: omnivision, nortel down shares of omnivision technologies inc. fell 6.2 percent in premarket trading on thursday, the morning after the image sensor designer announced the resignation of its chief financial officer.
4			prevention	technology	censorship	marketing	advertising			spam: staging a canny comeback november 2, 2004 6:48 pm gmt datamonitor from next monday, british viewers will be able to see a five week long televised advertising campaign intended to promote spam to consumers aged over 45 years.
4			electronics	computer	manufacturing	intel	technology	hp	apple	pricing	silicon	linux			intel cuts prices in preparation for new product line intel has slashed prices by up to 35 percent on some of its pentium 4 and itanium processors, bringing down the costs of some desktop and notebook computers by as much as 200.
4			computer	technology	machine	blade	tool	server			dell touts new blades' bang for the buck the computer maker envisions the blades being used to replace large numbers of stand alone servers, among other functions.
4			mobile	business	trend	privacy	technology	security			trend micro delivers mobile security antivirus software specialist trend micro nasdaq: tmic is extending its expertise to next generation handheld devices with the launch of mobile security, an application aimed at smartphones and pdas.
1			politics	abortion	election	democrat	democracy	corruption	reform	fraud	republican	ethics			democrats: republican 'hammer' should step down outraged democrats called for the resignation of senior republican lawmaker tom delay for a disturbing pattern of corruption following his censure by a house ethics panel.
1			politics	election	democrat	conservative	race	bush	republican	money			rhode island senator to stay republican republican sen. lincoln chafee, who flirted with changing political parties in the wake of president bush's re election victory, says he will stay in the gop.
4			atlas	electricity	engineering	manufacturing	technology	mining	automation	transportation	industry			atlas copco to sell electric tool business swedish engineering company atlas copco group is selling its electric tool business which includes milwaukee electric tool in the united states to hong kong based techtronic industries co.
4			processor	hardware	technology	power	performance	hp	intel	linux			intel offers ultra high end p4 extreme edition intel unveiled its latest ultra high end processor platform, the pentium 4 extreme edition, with a higher speed frontside bus and more cache and memory.
3			insurance	computer	business	investing	shareholder	company	finance	bankruptcy	corporation	money			shareholders approve aether changeover shareholders approved aether systems inc.'s sale of one of its two remaining operating divisions yesterday, a deal that will take the owings mills company out of the wireless business and nearly complete its transformation into a mortgage investment fund.
4			computer	fingerprint	memory	privacy	technology	google			google search becomes personal the net giant has released a preliminary version of a desktop program that will search computer hard drives, as well as the web. we think of this as the photographic memory of your computer, said marissa
2			coaching	baseball	espn	basketball	sport	golf	recruiting	football	texas	usc			sports: oklahoma moves up, utah in a prime bcs spot undated southern cal remains number one in the bowl championship series standings this week, jumping ahead of miami, which slips to third.
4			wired	business	network	broadband	technology	wireless	communication	telecommunication	spectrum			wireless deal will shake up market sprint corp.'s agreement to buy nextel communications inc. , in a $ 35 billion deal unveiled yesterday, will shake up the mobile phone market and create the third largest us wireless service provider.
4			battery	electronics	computer	chip	technology	silicon	linux			mobile phones to get tv reception i was pretty amazed to see 3d graphics coming to mobile phones, and now it looks like tv is coming to them too! texas instruments has started work on a chip that
1			politics	election	war	democracy	violence	iran	iraq	terrorism	security			violence will intensify in iraq as elections near, rumsfeld says but the defense secretary said that the u.s. was determined to insure that voting takes place as planned.
3			statistics	business	manufacturing	trend	sale	marketing	ft	growth	industry			boise cascade 3q earnings more than double boise cascade corp., a global distributor of office supplies and paper, technology products and office furniture, on tuesday reported third quarter earnings more than doubled, driven by sales at the company 's office products distribution business.
3			electronics	acquisition	manufacturing	trend	sale	technology	marketing	company	growth	industry			radioshack announces 3 year growth plan electronics retailer radioshack corp. announced a three year growth plan wednesday that it said should increase earnings per share up to 21 percent and includes a stock repurchase program up to 250 million.
2			olympics	athletics	sport	swimmer	swimming	diving	event			olympics: swimming ends with u.s. and australian records the united states and australia set world records in the men's and women's 4x100 medley relay races on saturday, the final day of swimming competition at the athens 2004 olympics.
4			acquisition	detail	business	technology	information			veritas to acquire e mail archiving leader kvs; accelerates ... mountain view, calif. business wire aug. 31, 2004 veritas software corporation nasdaq:vrts today announced it has entered into a definitive agreement to acquire kvault software limited kvs , the
2			game	olympic	olympics	sport	football	time	event			american fouls out when this whole olympic thing started, the winner of its single event, a 210 yard sprint, would have his name used to identify the games rather than the year. for instance, 776 bc was the coroibos games because ...
2			marathon	running	athletics	sport	race	football	athlete	woman	cycling			athletics: radcliffe is redeemed by triumph in epic struggle whether the 30 year old marathon world record holder will achieve the global title she yearns for in the wake of her traumatic failure at the athens olympics remains to be seen.
2			controversy	baseball	espn	basketball	sport	football	player	nba			nba: sprewell suspended over fan directed obscenities minnesota timberwolves guard latrell sprewell has been suspended one game without pay for directing obscenities toward fans, the nba announced tuesday wednesday in manila .
4			cluster	application	business	collaboration	technology	company	ibm	hr			ibm expands virtual resources for business partners ibm yesterday announced virtual resources to help business partners more quickly build and deploy on demand business applications tailored to customer requirements across all vertical industries.
4			rating	cable	television	business	technology	communication	telecommunication	competition	industry			after the bell commscope slides shares of communications cable maker commscope inc fell 22 percent in after hours trade on monday after it warned on its sales outlook for the fourth quarter.
4			virus	trojan	worm	technology	bug	security			lycos anti spam screensaver inspires trojan even though it 's been withdrawn, the lycos anti spam screensaver is not forgotten. rollie hawk writes and with this, the what 's good for the goose... award goes to all those people trying to install that
4			electronics	computer	car	technology	machine	ibm	computing	linux			ibm's t rex still preserves plenty of bite though pundits have long dismissed mainframe computers as throwbacks to a long gone era, the big, brawny machines are very much alive.
4			privacy	technology	marketing	internet	copyright	advertising	content	money			realnetworks gets in content business realnetworks survived the dot com collapse and an assault from microsoft. now it's trying to remake itself into a provider of paid internet content.
4			mobile	device	mobility	trend	technology	smartphone	industry			study: pda market in decline for the third consecutive quarter, shipments of handheld devices, including personal digital assistants pdas , have declined, according to a study by idc.
4			mobile	network	mobility	collaboration	privacy	technology	ip	networking	security			security standards pushed to encourage m commerce this collaboration directly enhances hand held architectures to provide the trusted capabilities vital for widespread adoption of mobile commerce and enterprise usage, sean maloney, an intel vice president, said.
1			politics	indonesia	president	history	election	democracy	corruption	religion	afghanistan	terrorism			indonesia 's yudhoyono takes oath as president susilo bambang yudhoyono has taken the oath of office as indonesia 's sixth president, capping a rapid rise to power for the former general who has vowed to boost economic growth, tackle graft and fight terror.
4			chip	hardware	intel	technology	performance	apple	silicon	linux			intel to debut new itaniums nov. 8 entire updated chip line to be unveiled, sources say. newest top line itanium 2 boosts high speed cache memory from 6mb to 9mb.
4			geek	computer	gaming	movie	technology	book	entertainment	linux			wil wheaton to speak at macworld expo sf idg world expo on tuesday announced that actor, author and self described geek wil wheaton will deliver a special feature presentation entitled just a geek at the upcoming macworld conference expo in san francisco, calif. macworld expo takes place at the moscone center from january 10 14, 2005, and wheaton's presentation will take place on january 13 at 9:30 am. there will be a book signing after his presentation.
2			baseball	team	yankee	sport	football	player	pitching	gambling	pitcher	money			teams exercise patience with big ticket free agents like carlos beltran, richie sexson and carlos delgado still on the market, baseball executives are playing wait and see.
1			election	politics	government	democracy	corruption	censorship	russia			narrow rule feared after russia lifts leader limits the duma, russia's lower house of parliament, voted yesterday to overturn a ban on political party leaders becoming ministers, raising fears that soviet style one party rule could make a comeback.
4			linux	hardware	privacy	technology	performance	networking	intel	security	server			amd chips to gain security, virtualization features advanced micro devices amd plans to build security and virtualization features into its server processors by 2006, the company said friday during its annual analyst event.
4			electronics	manufacturing	chip	technology	semiconductor	apple	patent	silicon	intel	industry			amd still mulling plans for a joint venture chip plant advanced micro devices inc. amd may yet team up with another chip maker for the construction of a semiconductor fabrication plant fab to expand its manufacturing capacity for microprocessors, despite shelving similar plans in 2003, according to a senior company executive.
3			business	cheating	marketing	greed	fraud	drug	money	banking			banks want bj 's to pay for credit card fraud bj 's wholesale club inc. bj.n: quote, profile, research on tuesday said credit card issuers want the retailer to reimburse them for up to $ 16 million in fraudulent credit card charges and other costs stemming from a possible ...
4			privacy	technology	pornography	porn	video			'virtual girlfriend' demands gifts she needs to be coddled with sweet talk and pampered with gifts, but you'll never see her in the flesh. a hong kong company has developed a virtual girlfriend for new cell phones with video capability...
1			election	politics	taiwan	china	corruption	candidate	politician			long hair leung sizes up hk head hong kong legislator elect long hair leung kwok hung said yesterday he would ask chief executive tung chee hwa to resign during an unprecedented meeting scheduled for today.
1			election	abortion	politics	democracy	voting	polling	privacy	technology	fraud			e vote fears soar in swing states the bush and kerry campaigns, along with a range of advocacy groups, are concerned with the integrity of voting technology particularly in the states where votes matter most. by jacob ogles.
1			politics	election	history	war	iraq	strategy	terrorism			a debate that avoided answering the vital questions on iraq at least it was a wartime debate last thursday night between president george w. bush and john kerry. but it didn 't provide much clarity about what either candidate would do as a wartime
2			coaching	running	basketball	sport	race	football	ft			griest making a run for uri cross country derek griest, a former track, cross country, and soccer athlete at bellingham high, is now a sophomore at the university of rhode island, where he is on the varsity cross country team.
4			computer	pc	privacy	microsoft	technology	pcs	email	computing	windows			microsoft battens down windows xp 's hatches with the latest update to microsoft corp. 's windows xp operating system, personal computers will soon join parents, bosses, teachers and spouses as a source of nagging in your life.
4			wikipedia	computer	hacking	network	web	technology	internet	networking			nsf announces two cybersecurity centers to study internet ... the national science foundation nsf has announced 33 new projects from its $ 30 million cyber trust program, including two new cybersecurity research centers that will focus on eliminating plagues of internet worms and viruses and on building better
4			wikipedia	technology	internet	ip	copyright	patent			internet patents sold at s.f. auction a group called jgr acquisition made the winning, 15.5 million bid monday for a batch of obscure but potentially important patents covering technologies for internet business transactions.
3			boeing	turbulence	business	ceo	airline	aviation	company	bankruptcy	competition			us airways, pilots union break off talks us airways group inc. and its pilots union broke off talks on reduced pay and benefits the airline is seeking to avoid a bankruptcy filing, with the union agreeing to take the latest company proposal to its leaders this week.
4			rail	progress	technology	infrastructure	terrorism	transportation	reliability			amtrak infrastructure on brink, dot warns the national passenger rail service risks a major point of failure if infrastructure needs remain unaddressed, the us department of transportation warned in a scathing report made public today.
4			statistics	computer	management	privacy	technology	economics	tech	automation	productivity			study: managers misuse tech to control workers managers with outdated notions are misusing technology to monitor and micromanage employees, according to a new study by the london school of economics.
2			england	soccer	athletics	sport	club	football	stadium	chelsea	arsenal			arsenal cheers surge in profits profits at premiership champions arsenal soar and the club says construction of its new stadium is running ahead of schedule.
4			plasma	science	grid	electricity	computer	computing	technology	energy	astronomy	physics			world 's largest grid demonstrated the grid is made up of over 6,000 machines, with over 1,000 in the uk alone, in 78 countries as part of the large hadron collider computing grid lcg the world 's largest and first permanent grid, destined to carry out research into particle physics.
4			linux	detail	software	maintenance	performance	development	security	reliability			free code graphing the fcgp comes from rusty russell's linux kernel graphing project lgp and that's basically still the current state. while being much more optimized than the original, the code is still in several regards specific to the linux kernel the 2.4 series . i creinig happened to be the first and only one to actually submit a patch and when rusty ran out of time, he convinced me to take over maintenance : the code takes a linux kernel source distribution, crunches over it for about 35 minutes on a 400mhz machine 11 minutes on a 1.2ghz athlon as of v2.5.2 , requiring up to 90mb ram at peak times and about 240mb disk space without kernel sources and finally produces a 22mb post ...
4			electronics	computer	hardware	software	technology	infrastructure	system	networking	security			gateway returns to japan after three years while taking a back seat to software and security efforts, hardware is still a big time concern according to our survey. organizations are taking the opportunity to consolidate their environments as they replace
4			network	ethernet	broadband	wireless	internet	technology	telecommunication	networking	patent			sbc to use wifi network to extend cingular reach sbc communications inc. will use its growing roster of public wi fi access points as a springboard for cingular wireless services, including advanced phones and voice services using internet technology.
4			labour	engineering	manufacturing	production	technology	car	innovation	factory	industry			skills lost forever if jaguar plant shuts mp a labour mp who used to work for luxury carmaker jaguar said today that vital manufacturing skills will be lost forever if the firms owners close one of its three uk plants.
4			product	software	technology	oracle	innovation	patent	ai	tool	industry			peoplesoft touts new tools as its battle with oracle continues, the software maker attempts to offer some good news by unveiling tools designed for manufacturers.
3			thursday	business	ceo	ft	finance	loss	competition	money			mci reports $ 3.4 billion loss mci inc. mcip.o: quote, profile, research on thursday reported a $ 3.4 billion third quarter loss as it wrote down the value of its assets due to a withering price war for long distance telephone service.
4			network	ethernet	technology	wireless	telecommunication	equipment	networking	patent			lucent, cingular ink wireless deal lucent technologies inc. signed a four year agreement to supply equipment for cingular wireless' rollout of its nationwide 3g high speed wireless data system.
3			investor	investing	company	stock	growth	finance	profit	risk	money			dow, nasdaq up a bit, s p 500 off stocks ended almost unchanged on monday as investors paused for breath after last week's post election rally and braced for interest rate hikes that threatened to slow growth and raise companies' costs.
4			computer	business	ceo	technology	microsoft	apple	ibm	email	industry			former ibm executive takes emc position emc corp., the data storage company, named a former executive from rival ibm corp. on friday as its chief technology officer.
3			revenue	sale	technology	performance	finance	bankruptcy	patent	accounting	industry			amcc trims financial expectations applied micro circuits corporation amcc trimmed its financial forecast for the quarter ending september 2004 and now expects quarterly revenue to be in the range of $ 61 million to $ 62 million.
3			industry	business	revenue	company	finance	profit	corporation	money	media			news corp posts 28 rise in profit rupert murdochs news corp media empire has posted a 28 per cent rise in quarterly profit as strong results in newspapers, broadcast and cable television countered weaker performances in its film and italian pay tv divisions.
2			scoring	basketball	football			game quotes on stephon marbury: he got into a rhythm and it was a nice zone to be in. his shot looked good and he had good form. he hit big shots and it helped change the game.
2			baseball	australia	soccer	sport	golf	football	money			artest says 'move on' ron artest asks the public to move on, as reports that an additional player was involved in the melee reach local authorities.
4			network	privacy	technology	standard	internet	copyright	networking	security			keeping how the net works open to all plans to combat spam are in trouble because microsoft wants too much power, argues technology analyst bill thompson. the internet relies on a large number of technical standards which define in precise and
4			windows	software	technology	marketing	microsoft	apple	consumer	linux			windows ce knocks palm os off the top spot microsoft 's windows ce has knocked palm off the pda operating system sales top spot for the first time, newly released market research has revealed.
4			grid	network	collaboration	technology	ip	patent	computing	industry			globus toolkit founders form company the de facto standard for grid computing will be licensed to companies, and the new venture will contract for technical support of the software and services that can help companies design and run computing grids.
4			computer	network	ethernet	technology	broadband	internet	networking	email	linux			intel plans to fix internet intel corp has proposed an overhaul of what it says is an increasingly creaky internet that would result in servers running its chips taking as central role in the network as cisco 's routers do today.
2			baseball	history	sport	football	money			mich. tech: beacon in college football there isn't enough room on a page to catalog everything that's gone wrong with big time college football.
4			computer	hacking	safety	threat	privacy	technology	vulnerability	risk	security			q a: iss exec on security threat prevention tom noonan, the ceo of internet security systems, talked with computerworld about why companies need to stop simply reacting to security threats and focus on preventing them as well.
3			politics	business	tax	finance	wealth	money	woman			finance: the point of no returns linda stern is a freelance writer who covers personal finance issues for reuters. any opinions in the column are solely those of ms. stern. you can e mail her at lindastern at
4			computer	software	technology	robot	tool			msn toolbar suite beta so how good are those tools are... and what 's the big fuss about them? personally i don 't know, as i didn 't try them out.
4			watch	radio	electronics	privacy	technology	wireless			swatch 's paparazzi watch receives wireless information swatch has introduced the paparazzi watch. the paparazzi is a watch capable of displaying information it receives wirelessly through fm radio transmissions.
4			mobile	technology	wireless	smartphone	nokia	phone			nokia launches tri band 3220 camera phone with near field ... nokia corp launched today at its conference in monaco a new tri band nokia 3220 camera handset equipped with a near field communication nfc cover.
1			politics	coaching	money	football			ready to lead a gator nation first year university of florida president bernie machen has his hands on a lot of things. becoming intimately involved in the details of hiring a football coach is no more unusual to him than gripping the
1			election	politics	australia	war	democracy	bush	iraq	terrorism			howard grabs victory in australia election prime minister john howard scored a convincing victory in australia's federal election saturday, winning a historic fourth term in a vote ensuring the staunch u.s. ally keeps its troops in iraq...
1			politics	israel	war	democracy	violence	peace	terrorism			look who 's talking in promoting the disengagement plan, that confrontational man, prime minister ariel sharon, has already caused great suffering, anger and destruction just look at the tremendous commotion already happening.
4			computer	hardware	technology	performance	hp	intel	computing	linux			hp 's compaq x pc uses new pentium 4 hewlett packard has announced the next iteration in its compaq x gaming pc line, which uses the new 3.8 ghz pentium 4 570. the launch of intel 's new chip was expected, the last entrant in intel 's single core processor line.
4			network	networking	privacy	wireless	technology	broadband	pricing	competition	linux			remote access gets safer, easier opinion: as competition heats up, ipass is the latest remote access provider to announce favorable wi fi pricing for enterprise customers.
3			statistics	business	ceo	trend	sale	growth	profit	competition	money	earnings			earnings not so sweet for krispy kreme krispy kreme doughnuts inc. on thursday said its quarterly profit tumbled by more than half and slashed its sales growth outlook for the rest of the year, wiping 17 percent off the value of its stock.
4			sci	electronics	computer	hardware	software	technology	hp	computing	linux			cray begins selling new mini supercomputers the xd1 uses opteron processors and the linux operating system and sports a starting price tag of $ 50,000.
2			coaching	retirement	jazz	espn	sport	basketball	recruiting	coach	nba	memphis			grizzlies name fratello head coach mike fratello returned to the nba coaching ranks thursday when the memphis grizzlies selected the former atlanta hawks and cleveland cavaliers coach as their new head coach.
4			recycling	device	manufacturing	recall	technology	manufacturer	patent			cochlear implants recalled for malfunction risk a worldwide recall has been issued for two brands of cochlear implants. the recall only includes the estimated 440 devices that have not yet been implanted.
4			electronics	computer	hacking	business	software	technology	internet	money			adware frustrates computer users chuck harris remembers when the internet was fun and he d spend hours reading his favorite news sites, checking the church calendar, browsing the shops.
1			election	america	politics	computer	democracy	voting	technology	internet	security			is e voting secure? cbs nearly one third of voters as many as 45 million people are expected to cast their ballots electronically in next week 's presidential election.
3			business	car	technology	fashion	drug	tommy	money			tommy tunes up embattled tommy hilfiger corp., desperate to acquire an upscale brand to help re ignite its growth engine, will buy designer karl lagerfeld 's small business and roll
4			acquisition	technology	communication	telecommunication	networking	merger			merger fanfare short lived with downgrades washington the fanfare surrounding final government approval of cingular wireless llc 's $ 41 billion acquisition of at wireless services inc.
3			rating	statistics	investor	investing	market	stock	growth	money	earnings	industry			altiris falls 7 percent before bell shares of altiris inc. fell 7 percent before the opening bell on tuesday a day after it posted disappointing earnings.
4			mobile	technology	nokia	content	video			video girlfriends demand diamonds a hong kong company has developed a virtual girlfriend for cell phones with video capability. also: realnetworks offers paid internet content hellip;.vodafone, nokia team up to simplify mobile software hellip;. and more.
3			business	option	greed	consumer	competition	sprint	merger			business: sprint nextel merger washington post business columnist steven pearlstein will be online to discuss the merger of sprint and nextel communications. in a column this morning, he wrote that consumers should should cheer the combination.
4			cable	network	ethernet	technology	broadband	telecommunication	networking			sbc to invest $ 4 billion in fiber upgrade in preparation for offering video service, sbc will spend $ 4 billion to upgrade its network infrastructure from copper to fiber optics.
2			boxing	shooting	history	baseball	olympics	athletics	sport	football	athlete			u.s. men qualify for final in shot put two u.s. men advanced to the final of the shot put wednesday, hoping to make even more history at the ancient site that gave birth to the olympics 2,780 years ago.
4			linux	collaboration	technology	automation	hp	patent	productivity	industry			hp ditches data centre service for new automation module hp is replacing its over ambitious hp ux utility data centre udc service with a business automation module for openview, which it says will let companies be more flexible.
3			ceo	management	investing	executive	shareholder	compensation	profit	finance	accounting	money			as xm stock recovered, executives' pay modest thanks to the sec, shareholders now get a long term picture of how their stock is doing, which helps in evaluating executive pay.
4			mobile	mobility	privacy	technology	wireless	broadband			skype launches free wireless voip skype is expanding the range of complementary platforms to provide consumers with choice and flexibility alongside the quality gains and cost savings of modern calling, says skype ceo niklas zennstrm.
1			election	politics	history	baghdad	democracy	parliament	iran	iraq			iraqis aim to decide new assembly the national conference on iraq 's future is going into an unscheduled fourth day as delegates hammer out the shape of the first post war parliament.
4			network	ethernet	wireless	technology	internet	broadband	telecommunication	networking			voip unplugged, as wi fi meets net phoning announcements by vonage, net2phone, boingo underscore collision course of internet telephony and wireless broadband.
4			privacy	technology	company	analytics	google	money			google shines on second day shares of google are on the way up again on their second day of trading.
4			developer	windows	application	java	software	technology	microsoft	development	linux			microsoft intros supercomputing sdk looking to drive corporate adoption of its high performance computing version of windows server 2003, microsoft on monday introduced an sdk software development kit for developers alongside a name change for the product.
4			computer	linux	manufacturing	intel	technology	performance	apple	ibm	silicon	industry			intel lowers third quarter expectations tech bellwether cites drop in demand for pc processors and flash memory.
4			network	ethernet	technology	internet	ip	communication	telecommunication	networking	email	security			at team wins $ 1bn network deal at , the us telecoms group, and a team of subcontractors have won a contract valued at up to $ 1bn to design, build and manage a secure ip based global network for the us government
4			computer	technology	telecom	internet	telecommunication	intel	industry			nikkei up at midday, led by telecoms tokyo stocks were higher at midday on wednesday thanks to gains in telecom shares and a handful of small caps, but the rise was limited as big technology firms wilted ahead of a business update from bellwether intel corp.
4			network	connectivity	ethernet	technology	switching	cisco	networking	switch			cisco unveils switches, software for smbs cisco systems inc. on monday is set to take aim at small and medium size businesses smbs that have growing needs and sparse technical expertise, introducing a pair of lan switches and a graphical management application.
2			coaching	utah	espn	sport	football	religion	byu			crowton steps down as byu football coach byu coach gary crowton agreed to resign wednesday, ending a four year stint with the cougars that began with 12 victories and finished with three straight losing seasons.
4			industry	pc	computer	linux	manufacturing	technology	hp	pcs	windows			idc says commercial demand boosts pc outlook consistent gains in commercial personal computer demand will boost shipments of pcs to176.5 million units in 2004 on growth of 14.
4			processor	computer	chip	hardware	technology	intel	computing	linux			name? at the intel developer forum in san francisco yesterday, intel president paul otellini provided further details of the chip giants plans to bring multicore processors to servers and desktop pcs, starting with a dual core server chip in the second half
4			computer	hacking	safety	privacy	technology	vulnerability	broadband	networking	security			wanted: simple home security jon oltsik says the explosion in broadband use forces a rethinking of internet security. but a lethargic vendor response is not a promising harbinger.
4			computer	application	linux	technology	networking	ibm	computing	server			ibm to roll out new two way opteron server ibm later this month will begin shipping the second generation of its two way server powered by advanced micro devices inc. 's 64 bit opteron processor.
2			baseball	basketball	sex	sport	music	jones	tennis			jones files $ 25 million defamation suit against conte sprint superstar marion jones filed a $ 25 million defamation lawsuit against bay area laboratory co operative balco founder victor conte jr.
1			election	politics	rule	economics	fraud	finance	competition	money	ethics			judge strikes down several fec rules interpreting campaign finance ... a judge has struck down several government rules on campaign fund raising, ordering tougher restrictions on big political money in the long term while creating uncertainty about how candidates, parties and interest groups should proceed in the current
4			science	nano	biotechnology	technology	innovation	research	cancer	silicon	industry			nanotech research spending seen reaching $ 8.6b worldwide research and development spending in the emerging field of nanotechnology should rise about 10 percent this year to $ 8.6 billion, a research firm said on monday.
4			computer	graphic	chip	hardware	intel	technology	semiconductor	memory	silicon	linux			nvidia signs license deal with intel under an agreement with intel, nvidia will be able to make integrated graphics chips that are placed on the computer 's motherboard along with the main processor.
4			industry	desktop	linux	software	microsoft	technology	development	distribution	windows			novell promises continued support for suse linux the company says suse linux professional will become more of a community desktop, while its upcoming novell linux desktop will target business users.
4			politics	computer	management	technology	microsoft	marketing	money	email			gupta out, swete in at peoplesoft it 's out with the new and in with the oldat least at peoplesoft, pleasanton, calif. just two weeks after the ouster of ceo craig conway, ram gupta, peoplesoft executive vice president of product and technology, has also left the building.
4			windows	computer	software	privacy	technology	microsoft	email	security	linux			microsoft lets governments into office com september 19, 2004, 3:00 pm pt. this fourth priority 's main focus has been improving or obtaining crm and erp software for the past year and a half.
4			arm	computer	chip	hardware	technology	architecture	memory	intel	linux			arm's new cortex cores deliver big punch in small chip chip designer arm ltd.'s new cortex family of processor cores will help designers of mobile and embedded devices build powerful systems that use less memory, the company said tuesday at its developer conference.
4			mobile	symbol	computer	graphic	device	mobility	technology	patent			symbol enterprise digital assistant runs windows mobile symbol technologies has expanded its line of rugged handheld computers with the addition of a pda form factor device called an enterprise digital assistant eda .
1			election	indonesia	politics	democracy	polling	candidate	woman			megawati refuses to concede defeat megawati sukarnoputri has declined to concede defeat in indonesia 's first direct presidential election, although with most votes counted, she is too far
4			electronics	failure	device	technology	problem	defect	bug	patent	deaf			warning: defect in siemens cellphones may cause hearing damage ok, so its one thing for a cellphone to have a bug in it, it happens, but theresa defect in siemens 65 series of cellphones including the c65, m65, s65, sl65, cv65, ct65, cxv65, and cxt65 that could potentially result in hearing loss.
2			baseball	basketball	sport	knicks	money			upbeat wilkens likes new pieces to knicks' puzzle knick coach lenny wilkens steered away from predictions thursday, but he found more to like than not to like as he surveyed the coming season.
1			election	politics	australia	democracy	corruption	money	labor	leadership			australia's labor meets to rebuild australia's labor opposition begins putting together a new team, after its damaging loss in this month's election.
4			computer	mac	gaming	privacy	technology	internet	innovation	apple			merrill lynch looks to 'killer' apple home media server the mac maker a likely winner in the digital living room
2			coaching	soccer	sport	recruiting	football	coach	talent			it's no easy task for notre dame notre dame of hingham , often among the top girls' soccer programs in emass, expected to compete for the division 1 title this season. the cougars didn't expect that they'd begin the season with a new coach.
4			manufacturing	textile	material	technology	strength	performance	fiber	color			sun capital buys honeywell unit the performance fibers business makes high strength polyester fibers at plants in north carolina and france.
4			boeing	motorola	manufacturing	wireless	nokia	technology	communication	telecommunication	industry			motorola sends 1,000 drones packing motorola plans to axe 1,000 workers across a number of business units, hoping to reduce costs as it refocuses on its wireless business.
4			electronics	computer	ipod	car	technology	innovation	hp	apple			ipods r us claims hp hoping to make a big bang in consumer electronics, hewlett packard is to unveil its long awaited hp branded ipod, along with its first televisions, an entertainment hub and the usual array of new printers and cameras, sources said.
3			investor	ceo	investment	investing	shareholder	company	finance	competition	money			clorox investors cheer, customers sigh clorox co. gave investors reason to cheer on thursday, saying its recent deals with germany's henkel kgaa would help earnings more than it first thought and that procter gamble is doubling its stake in their joint venture, sending the shares up 2 percent.
2			america	baseball	history	eagle	basketball	sport	football			eagles prove toughness with ugly win clinton portis dived into the end zone with 12 minutes yet to bleed away on the game clock sunday night, and now we would learn from what sort of stuff these eagles are made.
2			coaching	baseball	espn	basketball	sport	football	quarterback	stats			zardas finds his footing on an almost perfect day, on an almost perfect campus, chris zardas and the st. john's prep eagles played an almost perfect game. zardas rushed for 188 yards on 10 carries as the host prep took a 28 0 win over barnstable.
2			politics	election	baseball	sport	race	football			thechat em when republican michael g. fitzpatrick is sworn in as the new congressman from pennsylvania's 8th district, the longtime philadelphia sports fan will face some important decisions. chief among them, of course . .
4			computer	ceo	privacy	technology	company	tech	money	security			will fiorina be merger casualty? hewlett packard ceo 's job could be on chopping block along with 15,000 others if compaq deal goes through. watch tech live wednesday 3 20 at 9 pm eastern for details.
1			politics	election	history	revolution	democracy	china	corruption	change			china 's communist party must adapt to changing times media chinese state media friday said it was crucial the ruling communist party adapt to social changes but gave few clues about an apparent power struggle as a secretive party plenum entered a second day.
1			election	politics	beijing	taiwan	china	corruption	strategy			hu and jiang jockey for position xinhua reports that the 4th plenary session of the chinese communist party 's ccp 16th central committee will be held in beijing from sept.
4			computer	unix	software	technology	computing	linux			linux and open source: the 2005 generation linux and open source are at the heart of today's computing technology. deal with it.
2			game	olympic	olympics	athletics	sport	greece	athlete	paralympics	olympia			athletes return to olympia, home of games, after 1,611 years olympia, home of the olympics for more than 12 centuries, will host competition for the first time in 1,611 years when the shot put competition of the athens games is contested at greece 's most sacred sporting site.
2			baseball	basketball	sport	football	money			vikings kearse d by defensive wrinkle the cover of the official game program, being hawked by vendors for several blocks around lincoln financial field here on monday night, seemed to augur what was about to
4			ibm	statistics	computer	data	storage	technology	patent	computing	industry			widening market share in data storage emc corp. widened its lead as the world's top seller of data storage computers over hewlett packard co. and international business machines corp. in the second quarter, researcher gartner inc. said. in the second quarter, emc's sales of the machines that organize and retrieve data rose to 23.1 percent of the worldwide market, or $ 745.6 million, from 20.6 percent a year ...
4			airbus	technology	siemens	telecommunication	innovation	cost	industry			bbc off loads technology wing 9.15am: the bbc has closed a 2bn deal with siemens business services for the contracting out of its technology wing. the ten year technology framework contract, approved by the government, will see the corporation save an estimated 30m a year.
3			politics	america	job	business	ceo	management	marketing	greed	bankruptcy	money			bypassed for top job, penney 's department store chief leaves plano, texas an executive recruited by jc penney to revive its sagging department stores has left the company after being passed over for the retailer 's top job.
2			politics	doping	athletics	sport	football	greece	athlete	drug	cycling			greek athlete tests positive for drugs greek pride was dealt another blow friday when one of their athletes failed a drugs test at the olympics just 48 hours after its two top sprinters pulled out of the games in a doping scandal.
3			bakery	product	manufacturing	bankruptcy	competition	food	industry			twinkies maker files for us bankruptcy protection interstate bakeries, the maker of twinkies and wonder bread in the united states, filed for bankruptcy protection early wednesday.
2			mlb	baseball	espn	soccer	athletics	sport	football	stadium	attendance			ballpark deal in doubt the d.c. council approved a measure late tuesday night that dramatically restructures mayor anthony a. williams's deal with baseball to build a stadium.
4			cell	technology	hp	ibm	silicon	intel	computing			cell prototype announced by sony, toshiba, and ibm in two joint press releases, sony corporation, sony computer entertainment inc., toshiba, and ibm, have today announced the creation of the prototype cell processor, which is currently being developed in austin texas.
2			politics	america	baseball	team	college	sport	football	coach	competition	rivalry			bcs blunders by will llyod. it 's time for a new college football bowl system, because the bowl championship series just isn 't working. over the past couple of years, national titles have been split, teams
4			security	data	technology	storage	networking	availability	computing	server			storage products unveiled at snw show at storage networking world snw in orlando this week, several storage vendors are adding to their arsenal of products and technologies aimed at it managers dealing with the explosion of data storage.
3			politics	business	sport	investing	value	finance	wealth	fortune	money			tycoon puts business before sport multi millionaire malcolm glazer is known as a shrewd investor whose love of sport is eclipsed by his canny business sense. described by forbes magazine as having an eye for value
4			cyber	computer	hacking	privacy	technology	energy	terrorism	security			energy department hacked nearly 200 times in last year the department must do more to lower the risk of cyberattacks against its it systems and networks, an internal report says. by george v. hulme.
1			election	politics	democrat	race	romney	candidate	delaware	republican			retired judge wins gop del. gov. primary retired judge bill lee, the runner up in the republican gubernatorial primary in 2000, won his party's nomination for delaware governor saturday, setting up a november showdown with democratic gov. ruth ann minner.
3			computer	business	privacy	technology	finance	profit	money	industry			brocade 's profit rises news research increased fourth quarter revenue by 13 and beat wall street 's earnings expectations by a penny, the maker of storage networking gear reported after the close monday.
3			trading	trade	trend	speculation	price	sale	market	stock	competition			stocks to watch tuesday dealers said smith barney cut its rating on the stock of to sell from hold on concerns over sales during the year end period.
1			politics	election	israel	democracy	sharon	iran	strategy	terrorism	leadership			likud panel backs sharon 's plan for coalition government prime minister ariel sharon won an important victory within his party today that greatly improves the likelihood his faltering government will survive and proceed with a plan
4			mobile	device	network	mobility	technology	nfc	smartphone	wireless	telecommunication	phone			cell phones double as credit cards motorola will test handsets that include wireless payment functions.
4			electronics	computer	manufacturing	intel	technology	apple	innovation	semiconductor	silicon	industry			intel in line intel, the world 's largest manufacturer of semiconductors used in personal computers and servers, reported third quarter sales and earnings that were roughly in line with wall street 's diminished expectations.
4			business	programming	software	technology	marketing	optimization	seo			software as a service is poised for rebound the services we once expected from asps are back, but now we refer to them as business process outsourcing.
4			diabetes	device	biotechnology	surgery	technology	drug	research	cancer			artificial heart maker seeking ok to sell device after 22 years of experimentation, the maker of the nation's first self contained artificial heart yesterday asked the federal government for permission to begin selling up to 4,000 of the devices each year as a last chance treatment for people with irreversible heart failure.
4			industry	technology	economics	company	tech	finance	corporation	linux			stocks boosted by oil's fall; techs rally u.s. blue chips recovered ground on friday as falling oil prices offset a profit warning from aluminum maker alcoa inc. , while a tech rally was fueled by software maker oracle corp.
4			computer	privacy	technology	fraud	money	security	number			caller id: do you really know who's calling? company debuts technology that will make it possible to send false information about an incoming call.
4			computer	desktop	privacy	technology	microsoft	internet	google	pcs			desktop search race heats up anybody who is anybody in the web search realm and that list now includes google, yahoo nasdaq: yhoo , ask jeeves nasdaq: askj and microsoft nasdaq: msft is acting quickly to stake a claim on the most lucrative piece of real estate in the search world: personal computer users' desktops.
4			processor	chip	intel	technology	performance	semiconductor	silicon	linux			analysts: amd beating intel in chip design analysts assessments came after intel announced last week that it was scrapping plans to develop a 4 gigahertz version of its pentium 4 chip.
4			electronics	computer	television	privacy	technology	camera	photography	phone			mobile imaging gets an upgrade it was about a year ago that camera phones began marching into america, winning the hearts and eyes of shutterbugs everywhere.
1			election	politics	beijing	taiwan	democracy	china	voting	immigration	religion			turnout is heavy for election in hong kong throngs of residents headed for polling places here on sunday in legislative elections widely seen as a referendum on relations with mainland china.
2			baseball	sport	football			the beat goes on in new england as exciting as they are on the field, the patriots are deathly boring off it. we don 't have a bunch of clowns, safety rodney harrison said.
4			electronics	computer	manufacturing	technology	power	energy	semiconductor	silicon			making money from moore 's law as most have heard by now, intel nasdaq: intc founder gordon moore famously predicted in the 1960s that the number of transistors on a chip would roughly double every two years.
4			electronics	radio	ibm	radar	technology	automation	telecommunication	patent	industry			ibm expands rfid services for manufacturers ibm will offer a range of new services to help industrial firms respond to retail and government pressure to implement radio frequency identification.
1			politics	anarchy	terrorism	freedom	racism			anarchists emerge as the convention's wild card new york police consider self described anarchists the unknown factor in whether the republican convention demonstrations remain under control.
4			electronics	radio	computer	battery	technology	wireless	communication	astronomy			satellite radio that's well received with its somewhat bulky contours and shiny silver case, delphi's myfi portable satellite radio evokes an old transistor radio.
4			electronics	digital	technology	film	multimedia	video	camera	photography			worlds first 5 megapixel camera phone a true digital convergence product that combines a gamut of innovative technologies including a true color lcd 16 million colors , text to speech conversion capability, as well as, a 5 megapixel ccd camera.
4			electronics	pc	computer	television	privacy	microsoft	technology	pcs	windows			media center introduction one of the challenges microsoft and computer makers face in marketing media center pcs is persuading consumers that it 's worth putting them in their living room, supplanting the normal setup of tv, vcr, dvd player and or personal video recorder.
4			housing	cable	network	ethernet	city	technology	broadband	communication	telecommunication	fiber			sbc lowers projected cost of fiber buildout new york sbc communications is lowering the projected cost of its program to bring fiber optic cables to the edge of most neighborhoods.
4			technology	company	telecommunication	finance	patent	money			vodafone to double dividend mobile phone giant vodafone today rewarded its shareholders with a 100 per cent dividend increase on the back of half year profits equivalent to more than 340 per second.
4			electronics	computer	hacking	biotechnology	privacy	technology	tech	patent	security			new tech tricks caller id new technology can trick a caller id box into displaying the name and phone number of an entirely different person or company than the one actually calling.
2			america	baseball	chicago	espn	basketball	sport	boston	football	money			plenty of highlights on this trip nowhere does the rivalry between the evil empire and red sox nation crackle more intensely than here, on the campus of espn, built smack on the not so well defined emotional boundary between new york and boston.
2			sport	race	football	swimming	tennis	competition	woman			stunning triumph vindicates relay team four british athletes sat together on the poolside terrace of the politia tennis club yesterday, the realisation of what they had done the previous evening soaking into them like
4			privacy	technology	broadband	internet	networking	speed			half of us web users now on broadband report more than half of all us residential internet users reached the web via fast broadband connections in july, outpacing use of slower, dial up connections for the first time, market researcher nielsen netratings said on ...
4			processor	linux	manufacturing	technology	microsoft	hp	intel	computing	server			hp closes chip unit; designers move to intel hp today announced a complete overhaul of its server strategy, with plans to terminate its involvement in the co production of itanium processors with intel.
3			inflation	statistics	revenue	business	finance	profit	rs	competition	money	industry			altria profit aided by stake in sabmiller altria group inc. , on tuesday posted higher quarterly profit, as higher income from its stake in brewer sabmiller plc , a lower tax rate and the weak dollar offset weakness in domestic tobacco and its kraft food business.
4			application	technology	apple	macintosh	ai	ios	apps			motorola apple ipod phone imminent? apple and motorola could soon show us their co developed solution. a report on forbes cites apple vice president of applications
3			business	sale	finance	profit	productivity	competition	money	earnings			fresh del monte cuts 2004 profit forecast fresh del monte inc. on thursday cut its 2004 earnings forecast because of weak banana prices, high fuel costs and bad weather, among other factors.
4			electronics	itunes	software	music	technology	sound	automation	apple	audio			apple unveils logic pro 7 logic pro 7, the next major release of the award winning professional music creation and audio production software, will change the way musicians and audio engineers worldwide compose, record, edit and mix music in any studio environment. in addition to more than 100 workflow enhancements, breakthrough new software instruments, new mastering plug ins and support for apple loops, logic pro 7 also debuts distributed audio processing, a revolutionary technology which allows audio pros to tap into a virtually unlimited number of macs to expand available digital signal processing dsp power. sep 29
4			software	privacy	technology	microsoft	copyright	patent	competition	security	windows			microsoft foe wins in settlement head of a technology industry trade group that encouraged aggressive legal action against microsoft for antitrust violations for years received nearly $ 10m as part of a settlement with the software giant.
4			wired	network	privacy	technology	broadband	internet	wireless	telecommunication	networking			wireless technology to rival cable, dsl intel an emerging wireless communications technology called wimax, which can blanket entire cities with high speed internet connections, will rival dsl and cable as the preferred way to connect homes and businesses to the internet, intel corp. said on tuesday.
4			device	mobility	connectivity	technology	nfc	smartphone	innovation	phone	industry			smart phones to see fast growth over next five years global smart phone shipments are set to rise dramatically over the next five years, as better devices and lower prices combine with other factors to fuel growthand meet
4			processor	computer	chip	technology	power	money	intel	security	linux			intel still straining to judge by the shift in the headlines, the processor war is nearly over. who 's in? advanced micro devices nyse: amd . out? intel nasdaq: intc .
4			radio	privacy	technology	broadband	internet	telecommunication			talk is cheap when using internet long distance voip has been hailed for years in the telecom industry as the next big thing, but problems with sound quality have prevented it from gaining widespread acceptance. now voip, which has been available since the mid 1990s, is poised to fulfill its promise.
4			product	application	java	collaboration	programming	technology	xml	tool			tools wrap: web services, e commerce, xml touted systinet, amazon, and altova this week are announcing tools geared toward development of web services, e commerce, and xml applications, respectively.
4			electronics	lcd	battery	television	technology	japan			hitachi, toshiba, matsushita form lcd joint venture three japanese giants will team up to create a company to manufacture and sell lcd panels into the flat panel tv market. hitachi, toshiba and matsushita hope to get the jv rolling by january 2005.
2			baseball	statistics	hockey	espn	basketball	soccer	sport	wnba	football	canada			world stars defeat sweden's hv71, 5 1 ray whitney scored for the second straight game and added an assist, helping the world stars rebound from a lopsided loss and beat swedish champion hv71 5 1 on friday.
2			baseball	doping	basketball	sport	football	scandal	drug	tennis	money			balco defendants want steroid case dropped defendants at the center of the balco steroid scandal asked a court to drop charges against them friday, claiming misconduct by prosecutors in a case which has tarnished several top sporting names.
1			politics	election	chaos	death	power	terrorism	god			karma nabulsi why has yasser arafat not groomed a successor like some petty oriental despot , commentators have demanded to know in recent days, and why he is leaving a chaotic power vacuum?
4			patent	nas	palm	technology			palmsource to extend leadership in phone software with acquisition ... sunnyvale, calif., dec. 8 prnewswire firstcall palmsource, inc. nasdaq:psrc , provider of palm os r , a leading operating system powering next generation mobile devices and smartphones today announced
2			england	fan	sport	football	morale			take it as red, i ll be a dragon against utd pals we have to make sure that this afternoons match at home to middlesbrough is not an example of after the lord mayors show, because everyone has been on such a high since our fantastic 6 2 champions league win over fenerbahce.
3			job	employee	business	tax	company	growth	finance	bankruptcy	money	industry			update 3 temple inland inc. says to cut 1,500 jobs temple inland inc. tin.n: quote, profile, research , a maker of packaging and building materials, on monday said it will lay off about 1,500 employees as it repositions its mortgage
4			network	connectivity	mobility	broadband	internet	ip	networking	email			qwest adds to voip service qwest communications on wednesday announced a continued expansion of its voip service portfolio with ip centrex prime, an ip enabled interface that helps enterprise business customers with multiple locations and mobile workforces migrate from traditional pbx connections to voip.
4			battery	electricity	technology	power	hydrogen	energy			new batteries aid climate battle a new generation of rechargeable lithium batteries could reduce global warming, a leading expert says.
4			business	technology	communication	telecommunication	finance	patent	money			verizon third quarter profit flat verizon communications inc. 's third quarter profit held steady at about $ 1.80 billion as declining revenues from traditional phone services at the nation 's biggest telephone company were offset by another blockbuster quarter for verizon wireless, which
4			computer	linux	technology	storage	hp	networking	ibm	computing	server			hp, hitachi offer 300 gbyte storage platform the hitachi ultrastar 10k300 fibre channel drive will be offered in the hp storageworks enterprise virtual array eva , and the ultrastar 10k300 scsi drive will go in hp 's proliant servers and storageworks modular smart array msa family, the vendors said
2			baseball	nascar	television	espn	motorsports	sport	race	football	racing			this weekend's sports on tv, radio nascar busch series bi lo qualifying at darlington, s.c., speed channel 3 p.m. nascar nextel cup mountain dew 500 qualifying at darlington, s.c., speed channel 8 p.m. nascar craftsman trucks darlington 200 at darlington, s.c., speed channel pro basketball 7:30 p.m. celtics vs. charlotte at the fleetcenter, fsn, wwzn 1510 8 p.m...
1			politics	election	accountability	reform	corruption	change	money			audits of cra call for reforms capping a series of stinging audits of the los angeles city agency charged with revitalizing troubled neighborhoods, city controller laura chick said wednesday that she has turned
3			trend	price	sale	market	retailer	growth	competition	retail	industry			october retail sales predicted to show strength a merrill lynch report out friday is optimistic about stronger retail sales in october compared to a weak september. the report also singles out as a strong performer kohl 's department stores, which entered
3			trend	price	sale	marketing	retailer	profit	consumer	competition	retail			dixons and sainsbury 's interims reveal lower sales high street and shopping mall retail chain dixons group, the uk 's largest consumer electronics and equipment retailer, has warned that sales and profits have waned in the last quarter.
3			news	business	recovery	losing	loss	profit	bankruptcy	money			martha stewart living omnimedia has loss martha stewart living omnimedia inc. mso reported a much wider quarterly loss on thursday as its founder 's criminal conviction on charges of lying to investigators continued to weigh on the business.
2			coaching	baseball	homecoming	basketball	volleyball	sport	football	tennis			barnstable dominates chelmsford in deciding game new year, same result. in a rematch of last year's division 1 state championship, the barnstable girls' volleyball team again upended chelmsford in a 2 1 victory yesterday at barnstable high school.
2			usa	australia	olympics	athletics	sport	swimmer	athlete	swimming	phelps			phelps 's quest for 8 golds goes under the evening began on a down note for the us swimming team, and descended from there. first, world champion jenny thompson struggled home fifth in the 100 meter butterfly. then world record holder brendan hansen was caught by japan's kosuke kitajima in the 100 breaststroke. finally, the men's 4 x 100 freestyle relay finished third behind south africa and the ...
4			security	hacking	technology	fraud	money	banking			outage nearly over, paypal says paypal said late tuesday that it has fixed a software glitch that locked some of its customers out of their accounts and crippled ebay users ability to complete online transactions.
4			computer	relationship	business	privacy	technology	marketing	networking	money			t mobile checks in at red roof t mobile hotspot 's network of public venues with wi fi is extensive and its partners are big names you ve heard of starbucks, fedex kinko 's, borders books .
1			politics	america	election	television	voting	strategy	debate	mccain			presidential candidates look toward crucial debate president george w. bush and his democratic rival john kerry scouted votes in key battleground states but were already looking ahead to their crucial televised debates starting in a week.
4			trend	technology	company	growth	google			google shares rise in debut shares in google rose $ 15.01 or 17.7 percent, to open at $ 100.01 its public debut on the nasdaq stock exchange. the jump was a surprise, given the initial $ 85 price of the shares and the unusual style of the sale.
2			coaching	retirement	basketball	sport	football	coach			nd 's move raises host of questions this is what passes now for perspective in college football. where the fire the coach web sites pop up by his third game, and the boosters circle like sharks.
4			windows	computer	hacking	software	privacy	technology	microsoft	security	linux			microsoft software to remove spyware microsoft corp. disclosed plans thursday to offer frustrated users of its windows software new tools within 30 days to remove spyware programs secretly running on computers. but it might cost extra in coming months.
1			election	politics	putin	democracy	poll	corruption	russia	ukraine			ukrainian poll re run calls grow momentum is growing in ukraine for last sunday's disputed presidential election to be re run.
4			network	technology	wireless	telecommunication	networking	carrier	intel	phone	linux			at t forms net phone alliance the carrier recruits intel, cisco systems and other major players to create voip phone gear and applications.
4			privacy	technology	digital	film	camera	photography	security			disposable digital camera debuts at 1,000 cvs pharmacies digital disposable cameras are debuting in about 1,000 cvs stores across the nation, the retail chain said thursday. the one time use cameras, which feature a color preview screen, have 25 pictures and are priced at $ 19.
4			mobile	trend	technology	evolution	security			trend micro offers new mobile security for mobile phones and pdas trend micro has announced the up coming availability of trend micro mobile security for uiq in january 2005, with a free trial to june.
4			electronics	computer	itunes	music	privacy	broadband	technology	wireless	phone	linux			apple airport express some wireless gadgets pump music from a computer to a stereo or tv. others take a broadband connection and make it available to any pc within range.
2			coaching	indiana	baseball	michigan	basketball	sport	football	coach	purdue	indianapolis			men 's basketball news update playing in its first ever big ten acc challenge game at assembly hall, the indiana hoosiers put up a fight, but fell on the short end, 70 63, to no.
1			election	politics	democrat	democracy	voting	washington	republican	security			critics, supporters prepare for u.s. e voting voting security advocates in the u.s. are bracing for a repeat of problems in the upcoming general election that could rival florida during the 2000 presidential race.
4			arm	manufacturing	technology	company	stock	energy	finance	aerospace	industry			stocks to watch on august 23 us stocks to watch: artisan components inc arti british semiconductor designer arm holdings plc agreed to buy us technology firm artisan for $ 913 million, to boost its product range, but arm shares slumped on monday on concerns it
4			motorola	mobility	telecom	technology	communication	telecommunication	patent	phone			motorola in 3 year contract extension with nextel motorola said on thursday it has extended for three years a deal to supply nextel communications with telecommunications equipment, allaying fears that sprint buyout of nextel would threaten the relationship.
4			investing	technology	tech	stock	growth	energy	innovation	finance			tech stocks lead the way wall street 's broad market indicators ended nearly flat today after an early rally attempt ran out of steam, but tech stocks held on for solid gains.
4			boeing	safety	manufacturing	aviation	technology	aerospace	security	industry			boeing readies rfid standards for release to suppliers in 2005 boeing plans to release a set of technical specifications for rfid devices to its suppliers during the first half of 2005, but the aircraft maker won't mandate that companies start using the technology right away.
4			computer	hardware	technology	power	performance	energy	networking	computing	linux			apple power mac g5 last year, only the highest end power macs were dual processor. now, all power macs are, including the entry level 1.8 ghz model. the 2.5 ghz g5 processors use a new heat pipe system
2			boxing	injury	baseball	retirement	basketball	sport	race	football	williams			sports: ricky williams may be considering a return to football new york a source within the nfl says ricky williams is asking the league for a hearing to clarify his playing status. the former miami running back announced his retirement just before training camp.
4			security	hacking	device	privacy	technology	smartphone	nokia	phone			smartphones suffer skulls attack owners of the nokia 7610 are warned to look out for a malicious program that makes phones almost useless.
3			politics	business	technology	marriage	money			open source or outsource? one of the proverbial back stories of it operations has always been the battle between the suits and the techies. from the techie point of view, the hapless but disturbingly powerful suits are the business guys who put more thought into picking out hundred dollar silk ties at nordstrom than they put into million dollar it decisions. worse, the suits gravitate towards outsourcing and service firms that implement big dollar solutions. many techies start on the other end of the spectrum with free open source solutions that reflect a substantial diy ethic. will the twain ever meet?
4			ethernet	intel	wireless	nokia	technology	broadband	networking	silicon	linux			intel takes stake in wimax startup chipmaker intel today threw more weight behind the developing wireless broadband data standard known as wimax by taking a stake in clearwire, a wireless startup led by billionaire craig mccaw 240699.
3			computer	business	investor	investment	software	investing	technology	finance	money	security			lexar's for pros; investors get hose the flash memory maker does fine in camera, but doesn't deliver for investors.
4			building	singapore	technology	infrastructure	architecture	design			rosettanet extends to singapore e business standards consortium rosettanet spread its wings over singapore with the opening of its architecture center of excellence, the group said friday.
2			coaching	baseball	history	basketball	sport	football	talent			n.c. state's hodge puts self among elite julius hodge drove to the basket and scored, then turned to run back on defense. on the way, for a brief moment, he held the heisman trophy pose. it was the north carolina state guard's not so subtle way of letting everyone know where he thinks he ranks among the elite players in the country even if he had the wrong sport.
4			computer	privacy	technology	marketing	company	internet	strategy	innovation	competition			tinker with your computer, and reap the rewards while microsoft and google dominate internet browsing and search, smaller companies offer worthy alternatives.
3			auditor	business	ceo	audit	financial	company	scandal	fraud	bankruptcy	accounting			nortel delays financial report again accounting scandal continues to drag out as company once again delays reporting results for first half of 2004 and all of 2003.
2			coaching	baseball	hockey	business	retirement	sport	football	money			coaching a real possibility the great one hit town yesterday and he sure was welcome. he made it feel a bit more like winter. wayne gretzky was a pretty fair player in his day, and his time as an executive have been equally well spent.
3			politics	success	business	management	greed	strategy	change	money	ethics	leadership			advice for top managers in tricky times: get real doing things right isn't enough. in today's fast churning marketplace, business leaders must do the right things right.
2			boxing	marathon	olympics	doping	athletics	sport	football	athlete	swimming			athletics: olympic record for bekele, webb eliminated from 1500 ... the biggest applause at olympic stadium yesterday, the first day of athletics competition, didnt come for greek heptathlete aryiro strataki or triple jumper hristos meletoglou
4			technology	company	finance	innovation	patent	google	money	idea			venture capitalists studying google ipo for ideas while google inc. 's auction based initial public offering may not spur a wave of copycats, venture capitalists are sorting through the ipo to see what can be learned for future deals.
4			device	network	mobility	ethernet	technology	wireless	networking	patent	linux			qualcomm showcases 3g cdma mobile multimedia solutions qualcomm announced it will demonstrate a host of innovative 3g cdma wireless products and solutions for consumers and the enterprise at ctia wireless it entertainment 2004, oct. 25 27 in booth 638 at the moscone center in san francisco.
4			news	streaming	mobile	mobility	technology	multimedia	sprint	ios			sprint certifies quicktime, xserve g5 for phone media telecommunications company sprint on thursday announced that it has certified apple's xserve g5 and quicktime as mobile multimedia delivery platforms for sprint's own pcs vision multimedia services. this enables content service providers to use xserve g5 systems and quicktime to deliver streaming audio and video clips to sprint customers whose phones support sprint's new vision multimedia service. the service provides content from cnn, nbc, fox sports, the weather channel, e! entertainment, mflix and other companies...
4			production	technology	patent	photography	color			munich, germany the product, which has the smallest active area foot print in the industry 4 mm 2 , has ultra low power consumption of only 350mw, and exceeds xfp rev.
4			software	privacy	microsoft	technology	copyright	patent	linux			patent case challenges microsoft's 'autoplay' a case scheduled for hearing in december focuses on technology for automatically loading software from a disc.
3			business	pricing	company	oracle	bankruptcy	competition	money	email	industry			oracle moves earnings forward to monday business software maker oracle corp. on friday said it will release its second quarter earnings before u.s. markets open on monday, instead of thursday, due to issues related to its takeover bid for peoplesoft inc. that may come up in court later on monday.
1			politics	america	controversy	election	democracy	china	terrorism	canada			u.s. lost moral leadership under george w. bush, says ex candidate dean montreal cp the united states under george w. bush has lost its moral leadership and disrespected allies including canada, ex democratic candidate howard dean said tuesday.
4			mobile	device	palm	technology	blackberry	ios			palmsource ushers wireless innovation for palm os sunnyvale, calif., oct. 20 prnewswire firstcall palmsource, inc. provider of palm os r , a leading operating system powering next generation mobile devices and smartphones, today announced its second
3			business	ceo	trend	stock	growth	finance	profit	money	earnings			fedex profit jumps, outlook is raised fedex corp. , the world's top air express shipper, on thursday said quarterly profit more than tripled on strength in its international, ground and freight businesses, and the company raised its full year earnings forecast.
3			income	revenue	data	sale	technology	company	profit	industry			peoplesoft sees revenue above views peoplesoft inc. on monday forecast third quarter revenue would exceed wall street expectations, saying it added 150 new customers and had more large software license transactions than in the previous quarter.
4			trend	technology	tech	innovation	google	industry			it executives optimistic about ways to connect the tech industry is finally heading towards a recovery after the post bubble decline, but we are not quite there yet, according to executives and industry watchers at the 15th annual etre technology conference in cannes.
2			america	baseball	television	basketball	sport	football	tv	money			around the majors october 20 major league baseball has followed in the footsteps of the nfl and has signed a lucrative deal with a satellite radio company. so, whether you re
2			baseball	sport	yankee			yankees 10, red sox 7: just a typical chapter in unique rivalry another game, another postseason classic. it will be news if the red sox and yankees ever play a yawner. last night certainly does not qualify.
4			network	connectivity	privacy	wireless	broadband	technology	innovation	networking			intel endorses wider range wireless net technology in a boost to the future of high speed wireless internet service, intel corp. said monday it 's putting its money and its technology behind a closely watched company that 's trying to roll out the service around the globe.
3			business	investor	investment	investing	london	finance	competition	bloomberg	money	banking			report: citigroup to bid for cazenove u.s. investment bank citigroup is set to bid for uk stockbroker cazenove , challenging rivals jp morgan and lehman brothers for the city's most venerable institution, the observer reported.
4			mobile	device	technology	nokia	smartphone	phone			htc 'blue angel' wi fi pocketpc phone cite reg cite review aka i mate pda 2k, o2 xda iis, orange m2000, vodafone vpa iii, t mobile mda iii etc, etc
4			computer	hacking	hardware	programming	software	technology	networking	computing	linux			via gives away disk scrubbing software taiwanese chipmaker dangles open source software to lure in programmer interest.
4			america	privacy	technology	marketing	strategy	advertising			aol shifts strategy for years, america online inc. grew steadily by treating subscribers to exclusive content it hoped would produce the sort of captive audience that advertisers crave. but now, with users departing for online competitors, company officials are re thinking their strategy.
4			statistics	business	data	privacy	technology	company	information	analytics	industry			sungard data to spin off business sungard data systems inc. said monday it will spin off its information availability services business, which helps organizations maintain access to their electronic data during everything from minor mishaps to major disasters.
3			business	cash	love	greed	trust	wealth	drug	money			heed those wary instincts when it comes to your money or anything else, for that matter , i believe you should trust your gut.
3			revenue	trend	sale	technology	company	growth	profit	productivity	industry			seagate hikes profit, sales outlook seagate technology on tuesday raised its quarterly revenue and profit forecasts for the december quarter on strong seasonal demand for newer products, surpassing analysts' forecasts and sending its shares up more than 12 percent.
4			computer	vector	hardware	machine	ibm	computing	linux			nec updates vector supercomputer the sx 8 is the latest incarnation of the high end but relatively rare vector computer breed.
4			technology	smartphone	camera	samsung	phone			samsung shows 5 megapixel camera phone device will capture high resolution still images and video and it still makes phone calls.
2			politics	baseball	violence	basketball	sport	football	player	detroit			pacers won't comply with police request the indiana pacers have told law enforcement officials in michigan that players will not submit to interviews as part of the investigation into the nov. 19 brawl.
4			computer	linux	software	unix	microsoft	technology	silicon	security	windows			sun sets sights on low end market after years of battling microsoft corp., sun microsystems inc. has set its sights on linux vendors, seeking to jump into a low end but high volume market it's been accused of ignoring.
2			athens	doping	athletics	race	sport	football	greece	athlete	swimming			greeks leave hospital to face music kostas kederis and ekaterini thanou, the greek sprinters who, it is alleged, deliberately evaded four drugs tests, left hospital yesterday with kederis having been treated for scratches and thanou with no visible injuries.
4			flash	device	usb	technology	storage	card	performance	networking	memory	security			sandisk ups capacity on flash memory cards company quadruples the amount of storage on its ultra ii line of cards.
4			pc	computer	linux	india	china	technology	pcs	computing	industry			worldwide pc market seen doubling by 2010 the number of personal computers worldwide is expected to double to about 1.3 billion by 2010, driven by explosive growth in emerging markets such as china, russia and india, according to a report released on tuesday by forrester research inc.
4			job	pay	europe	technology	broadband	company	industry			new round of job cuts for cable wireless cable wireless has unveiled another round of job cuts, with the announcement that it plans to reduce its head count in the uk and continental europe by 600.
4			device	ethernet	usb	technology	nokia	wireless	networking	linux			palmone unveils sd wi fi card tiny 802.11b adapter will work with zire 72, tungsten t3 handhelds.
1			politics	money	woman			ebay's whitman topples fiorina from top spot on fortune list the title of most powerful businesswoman is going, going, gone, to ebay inc.'s meg whitman.
3			news	bt	business	investor	investment	technology	telecommunication	finance	money			report: bt poised to buy infonet britain's bt group plc is hoping to make a dramatic return to the united states with a 1 billion acquisition of californian telecoms group infonet services corp. , the sunday times newspaper reported.
4			security	computer	linux	network	storage	networking	availability	distribution	computing	server			linux cluster companies attract new funds com november 4, 2004, 6:00 pm pt. organizations are replacing aging servers with newer more powerful boxes, often linux based, and theyre also investing in storage.
4			revenue	manufacturing	data	storage	technology	performance	bankruptcy	competition	money			conexant sees continued revenue decline news research posted a sequential decline in fourth quarter revenue due to lower demand that boosted inventory a circumstance that the chip supplier said will plague results in the current quarter.
4			virus	computer	hacking	software	technology	piracy	security	linux			has tivo forsaken us? sometime in the next few months, your machine will quietly download a patch that makes it respond to a new copy protection scheme from software maker macrovision. by lucas graves from wired magazine.
4			product	business	technology	marketing	finance	innovation	research	silicon	email	industry			sun micro aims to woo banking customers sun microsystems inc. sunw.o: quote, profile, research is staging its first press and customer event in new york on tuesday in three years to roll out new products
4			trading	chip	intel	technology	stock	japan	silicon	industry			tokyo stocks climb to a two week high tokyo stocks climbed to a two week high on friday after tokyo electron ltd. and other chip related stocks were boosted by a bullish revenue outlook from industry leader intel corp.
3			america	business	trend	sale	marketing	company	fashion	money	industry			us apparel retailers aug. sales better than feared us clothing retailers like gap inc. gps.n: quote, profile, research and american eagle outfitters aeos.o: quote, profile, research , on thursday posted
4			electronics	computer	intel	technology	semiconductor	apple	ibm	silicon	computing	linux			intel raises 4th quarter sales forecast semiconductor giant intel corp. dramatically raised the range of its fourth quarter sales forecast thursday as it benefited from strong holiday demand for microprocessors, the brains of personal computers.
3			contract	business	china	economics	finance	bankruptcy	competition	money	industry			german offer sets bar at stelco a german bank s $ 900 million offer to refinance stelco inc. was approved yesterday as the benchmark bid for the restructuring hamilton steelmaker by a judge, who challenged others to step up and prove
2			baseball	history	homecoming	volleyball	athletics	sport	football			pitts scores twice to power oliver ames the oliver ames girls' soccer team assumed first place in the hockomock league, edging king philip, 5 4, yesterday in easton.
2			soccer	sport	football	stadium	turf	canada	toronto	mls			york site has several advantages it should come as no surprise that york university picked up the stadium project ball after the university of toronto dropped it. it has been apparent the argos and the canadian soccer association would be
4			computer	game	gaming	technology	strategy	networking	money	security			finding friends foes tens of millions of people play videogames online; the tricky part is finding your friends and favorite foes among them. michael cassidy can help. his company, xfire, runs a web site that is the tv guide, ma icirc;tre d' and instant messenger of the gaming world. cassidy's service can point you to a buddy who is ready to play the game you want at any moment of the day or night. he already has a lot of friends to prove it. in eight months a million people in 100 countries have downloaded xfire's software.
4			network	mobility	technology	philadelphia	internet	broadband	communication	wireless	telecommunication	carrier			verizon deal lets philadelphia move ahead with wireless plan the city of philadelphia has reached an agreement with verizon communications that will let the municipal government deploy a citywide wi fi network, but a carrier backed bill that would let incumbent carriers block such projects has been signed into law by pennsylvania's governor.
4			cyber	hacking	privacy	technology	vulnerability	encryption	terrorism	security			tougher cyber security measures urged a group representing technology industry executives yesterday called on the bush administration to step up efforts to protect the nation 's computer and internet infrastructure, and it proposed
1			election	politics	history	taiwan	protest	democracy	political	corruption	censorship			hong kong swears in new legislature new hong kong lawmakers were sworn in wednesday, and one of their newest members a longtime activist shattered the solemnity by shouting pro democracy slogans as he joined the system he has spent years protesting.
2			politics	boxing	baseball	sport	redskins	football	washington			redskins, redmond, red ink what was dan snyder thinking? no, i m not referring to the whole steve spurrier fiasco. this has nothing to do with his washington redskins team though one can argue that it 's a reasonably brisk jog between
4			processor	chip	hardware	intel	technology	performance	silicon	computing	linux			intel shifts focus to multicore chip performance intel corp., which has led the charge in the gigahertz race, is expected to change its tune at this week 's developer forum in san francisco by focusing on improving chip performance by adding more cores to the microprocessor.
2			conditioning	sex	sport	race	football	class			ogunleye: dolphins showed no class a day after he was traded to the chicago bears, defensive end adewale ogunleye said dolphins general manager rick spielman showed a lack of class by continually denying that he would trade him to another team.
4			dream	computer	game	gaming	movie	technology	entertainment	innovation	money			when a video game stops being fun for players with ambitions to develop games, electronic arts must appear to be the best place in the world, but there is unhappiness among those living that dream.
4			electronics	computer	software	privacy	technology	camera	photography	email			pluggedin: software tackles digital photo proliferation now that digital cameras have overtaken film cameras in sales, users are beginning to encounter a familiar problem what to do with the bulging image files and folders filling up computer hard drives?
4			network	privacy	technology	wireless	internet	networking	money	security			red roof inns to get wi fi hotspots accor north america has reached an agreement with t mobile usa inc. to install wireless internet access throughout all of its red roof inns over the next year, officials said.
2			coaching	baseball	broncos	espn	sport	football	denver	quarterback			sunday, september 26, 2004 calling on plummer on a day when the denver broncos honored the greatest quarterback in franchise history john elway received his ring from the pro football hall of fame during a halftime ceremony he
3			business	trend	technology	marketing	fashion	money			may be losing its dot com glitz inc.'s days as a hot shot dot com may be behind it as the internet retailer's slowing growth makes its business suspiciously similar to that of its brick and mortar peers.
2			baseball	yankee	espn	basketball	sport	boston	football	pitching	sox			wakefield starts game 1 for red sox tim wakefield will start game 1 of world series for boston against st. louis on saturday night. boston red sox manager terry francona faces reporters during a news conference at fenway park, in boston, thursday, oct. 21, 2004.
3			politics	business	management	conway	bankruptcy	money	email			board member explains conway 's firing peoplesoft 's board ousted craig conway as chief executive last week after learning why he misled wall street analysts about the impact on his company 's business of oracle 's hostile takeover bid.
4			mobility	technology	robot	tank	vehicle	logistics	helicopter			john deere, irobot team on military vehicle in a pairing of robotics and tractor companies, irobot and john deere disclosed plans yesterday to build a 9 foot long semi autonomous battlefield vehicle.
4			statistics	trend	technology	strategy	tactic	seo			impressions of search engine strategies stockholm last week, search engine strategies made its debut in sweden, drawing attendees from all over scandinavia, europe and even africa and india.
3			income	revenue	sale	growth	profit	finance	money	earnings			ati q4 sales, income rocket ati saw its income almost triple during its most recently completed fiscal quarter, q4 2004, the company said yesterday after announcing record results.
1			politics	money	football	race			decision to boot willingham a cold one apparently, when the good fathers of notre dame lately looked to their football sideline, they saw a fellow who wasn 't nearly as acceptable as even gerry faust or bob davie, each of whom was allowed to squeeze out five years in south bend.
4			application	collaboration	software	technology	project	strategy	productivity	research	linux			borland adds project management features to caliberrm borland software corp. announced caliberrm 2005 this week, a product designed to help software project managers take some of the guesswork out of software development.
4			mobile	business	trend	technology	email	security			trend micro offers new mobile security for pda and smartphones trend micro, inc. has announced the trend micro mobile security, an antivirus and anti spam protection for sms messaging customers using smartphones and pdas.
4			job	network	technology	broadband	communication	telecommunication	networking	money	phone			verizon 's hiring 5,000 verizon, the largest us phone company, will hire as many as 5,000 workers from massachusetts to virginia to build a fiber optic network to 3 million homes by the end of next year.
2			wr	coaching	baseball	retirement	espn	basketball	sport	recruiting	football	quarterback			rix out, not forgotten as florida state quarterback chris rix returns to health, coach bobby bowden will again start sophomore wyatt sexton in saturday night's game against sixth ranked virginia.
1			politics	election	government	protest	democracy	bangladesh	religion	afghanistan	opposition	terrorism			opposition forms 900km human chain against government: world news: dhaka, dec 11 : hundreds of thousands of people formed a 900 km human chain across bangladesh to show no confidence in the bangladesh nationalist party bnp led coalition government.
4			wikipedia	learning	technology	strategy	innovation	networking	competition			web founder says cooperation needed to create the semantic web the inventor of the world wide web told a technology conference on wednesday that making the web more useful hinges on a familiar challenge: getting the players behind
3			brand	trend	price	sale	marketing	profit	fashion	money			swedish fashion retailer h and m profits rise in third quarter swedish fashion retailer hennes and mauritz posted a rise in profits for the third quarter, saying its price cut strategy had paid off.
4			computer	linux	data	technology	storage	networking	ibm	rs	industry			idc: external disk storage up worldwide sales of external disk storage systems hit $ 3.5 billion in the second quarter, up 8 percent from the same period a year ago, according to research firm idc.
4			computer	hacking	software	privacy	technology	encryption	microsoft	security	windows			microsoft confident xp update will baffle hackers he said his company 's windows xp operating system update, launched last month by bill gates, was the first big line we have drawn in the sand to combat security breaches and spam.
4			science	biotechnology	technology	evolution	tech	innovation	research	education			new x prize sets sights on science, technology and social ... the x prize foundation and the world technology network announced today the formation of a joint venture to launch a series of technology incentive prizes to help spur innovation
4			security	hardware	server	space	technology	storage	networking	computing	linux			sun set to announce new server, storage hardware sun microsystems inc. will hold its quarterly product launch this week, unleashing a raft of new hardware offerings spanning servers to storage.
3			insurance	business	sale	marketing	bankruptcy	money	selling			twinkies maker in crisis there 's an old saying in the business world when a sale seems all but assured: it was as easy as selling hostess twinkies. that may no longer be true.
1			election	america	politics	war	democracy	iraq	terrorism	pentagon	security			pentagon bid to reform absentee voting draws fire pentagon efforts to fix absentee voting problems among u.s. troops that marred the 2000 election have run into trouble as plans to use the internet crumbled and a fax or e mail balloting system draws fire.
2			coaching	match	trainer	sport	football	fifa	training	referee			fifa to boost referee training for 2006 world cup fifa plans to boost training for the referees who will handle matches at the 2006 world cup. fifa said wednesday it had decided to launch an 18 month program at the start of 2005, when it will
1			election	politics	history	beijing	asia	democracy	china	voting	corruption			politicians debate hong kong poll results chinese officials lauded the comfortable majority of the beijing camp in hong kong 's election as a vote for prosperity, but the city 's leading liberal said yesterday china should not doubt the popular desire for democracy.
2			baseball	history	homecoming	basketball	athletics	sport	race	football	competition	education			missouri puts school nickname on arena the university of missouri renamed its new sports arena with the school nickname friday, just days after the original namesake, a 22 year old wal mart heiress, was accused of academic cheating at another college.
2			failure	issue	sport	football	problem	coach			super bowl 39: patriots again it is an accepted axiom in the nfl: every team has problems. coaches and team executives commiserate about them like old folks complaining about aches and pains.
4			privacy	technology	innovation	patent	blackberry	google	money	silicon			rim patent suit partly upheld a u.s. appeals court upheld a patent infringement finding against blackberry e mail device maker research in motion ltd. on tuesday, but said part of the earlier court ruling was flawed and sent the case back to a lower court.
3			rating	business	revenue	sale	marketing	profit	finance	competition	industry			corrected: siebel sees sales topping street business software maker siebel systems inc. on monday said third quarter revenue would beat wall street estimates, driven by a rebound in licensing revenue, sending its shares up 14 percent.
4			computer	money	technology			the digital home cometh, says intel idf fall '04 they really mean it this time
4			network	software	server	technology	microsoft	hp	ibm	security	linux			gartner sees solid server sales ibm, hp, sun and dell lead the market, which saw 7.7 percent revenue growth in the second quarter, compared with a year earlier.
3			history	asset	business	fact	technology	company	wealth	money			newbiz: an unconventional asset the past when businesses consider their assets, they may look at obvious things like products, buildings, equipment, patents, even valued employees. but the company's history?
4			computer	mobility	connectivity	technology	broadband	internet	telecommunication	networking	money	speed			study: broadband leaps past dial up for the first time ever, more americans are seeking faster connections to access the internet.
2			boxing	baseball	olympics	volleyball	athletics	sport	athlete	rowing	swimming			34 gold medals up for grabs on 15th day of olympics the sailing and canoe kayak events have closed at the athens olympics while athletics, wrestling, and basketball will give fans plenty to cheer at the athens olympics.
1			politics	election	lebanon	negotiation	syria	terrorism			lebanese delegation to un states its case ahead of annan report on ... beirut: un mideast envoy terje roed larsen is putting the final touches on a un report on the compliance of both lebanon and syria with resolution 1559.
2			boxing	baseball	olympics	volleyball	athletics	sport	football	athlete			golf, four other sports in running for olympic inclusion golf, rugby, squash, karate and roller sports are in the running for possible inclusion at the 2012 olympics. the international olympic committee said wednesday it notified those five sports governing bodies
4			statistics	revenue	chip	technology	finance	customer	pricing	analytics	research	industry			texas instruments trims revenue estimates texas instruments inc. txn.n: quote, profile, research , the largest maker of chips for cell phones, trimmed its third quarter revenue outlook on wednesday as customers
3			thursday	revenue	trend	sale	company	stock	finance	profit	money			amazon profit misses estimates inc amzn.o: quote, profile, research on thursday posted a higher quarterly profit but its stock fell more than 4 percent as the online retailer 's results failed to top wall street expectations.
2			coaching	baseball	history	michigan	basketball	athletics	sport	football			school 's 151 win streak ends they did what no high school football team in the last 12 years had been able to do. it was the little known bellevue wash. wolverines that ended the greatest streak in high school sports
4			product	business	java	technology	solution	platform	service	seo			systinet, amberpoint bundle web services wares the two companies are targeting customers that have invested in a services oriented architecture.
3			business	revenue	technology	growth	finance	energy	money	security	industry			qualcomm raises 4q, year outlook qualcomm inc. friday raised its earnings and revenue forecasts for the current quarter, based on higher shipments of its cell phone chips.
2			baseball	afc	statistics	sport	nfl	football	power			when handicapping the playoff races, watch teams that can run and ... ten nfl teams are 6 3 or better. eight are in the afc. that shows me where the 2004 power resides. with the exception of the manning skewed colts and the jaguars, who are freaks of nature , the afc eight all have three things in common.
4			ibm	computer	linux	genetics	biotechnology	technology	evolution	patent	computing	gene			blue gene quits ivory tower fresh from setting a supercomputer performance record, ibm has announced it will make a commercial version of its blue gene system available for businesses and scientific researchers.
4			cyber	computer	hacking	threat	hacked	privacy	technology	encryption	terrorism	security			top 20 loopholes that make a pc susceptible to hacking revealed a list comprising top twenty threats to computers from hackers has been issued by the sans institute to guard companies against the most common loopholes in their system, which makes them susceptible to cyber crimes.
4			mobile	network	mobility	ethernet	connectivity	privacy	wireless	networking	security			t mobile secures wi fi hotspots t mobile usa today released a new secure encrypted connection manager that will enable users to login to any of the 4700 nationwide hotspot wireless networks.
4			gaming	detail	hardware	technology	tech	sims	playstation			personal tech: the sims 2 greg kramer, author of the sims 2: prima official game guide, will be online to talk about the latest release of the video game.
4			electronics	itunes	software	digital	technology	music	audio	sony			sony on collision course with music majors over mp3 including its own sony bmg venture over the mp3 song format. sony is considering manufacturing devices that play digital
4			electronics	computer	linux	manufacturing	hardware	technology	energy	hp	industry			hp girds for grid storage campaign com september 14, 2004, 3:25 pm pt. with the economy slowly turning up, upgrading hardware has been on businesses radar in the past 12 months as their number two priority.
4			flash	device	mobility	wireless	broadband	technology	siemens	patent			siemens adopts flarion 's flash ofdm technology manhasset, ny siemens communications said friday oct. 8 it will develop wireless broadband products using flash ofdm technology from flarion technologies.
2			politics	history	culture	athletics	sport	race	athlete	performance	texas			texan leads american sweep of 400 medals he was supposed to uphold the tradition of michael johnson and baylor university. he was to break cultural barriers. he was to restore the 400 meters.
2			coaching	baseball	volleyball	basketball	sport	golf	football	coach	nba			college basketball: georgia tech, uconn win b.j. elder poured in a game high 27 points to lead fourth ranked georgia tech to a convincing 99 68 win over michigan in the acc big ten challenge at alexander memorial coliseum.
3			industry	business	revenue	sale	technology	profit	bankruptcy	competition	linux			siebel systems posts quarterly profit business software maker siebel systems inc. on wednesday reported a quarterly profit, after a year earlier net loss, driven by a healthy rise in license revenue.
4			authentication	network	privacy	technology	encryption	vulnerability	networking	security			symantec unveils security strategy symantec nasdaq: symc has launched a new strategy for enterprise i.t. security that is designed to help businesses manage and protect the massive amounts of digital information on their networks.
4			flash	device	usb	technology	storage	memory	linux			samsung develops ultra fast flash memory for mobiles samsung electronics has developed ultra fast 1gb onenand flash memory designed for next generation mobile phones which it claims boasts a fourfold read speed increase over conventional nand flash performance.
4			computer	technology	microsoft	system	database	information	networking	ibm	computing			ibm spells out mainframe strategy ibm is laying out a new road map for its mainframe that will include the adoption of the common information model standard that allows different platforms to exchange information.
4			windows	computer	business	technology	microsoft	marketing	networking	email	security	server			gateway looks to pump up direct sales how about a $ 269 server? pc maker turns on rebates, special offers to breathe life into its direct sales efforts.
4			ibm	linux	business	technology	microsoft	patent	email	industry			ibm buys cross platform content management provider ibm acquires software developer venetica to pump up the content handling capabilities of its db2 platform. by paul mcdougall and rick whiting.
2			coaching	baseball	miami	soccer	basketball	sport	heat	football	playoff	vs			improved heat not content with start the miami heat are atop their division, own the best in conference record among teams in the east and have won twice as many games as they've lost.
4			computer	chip	intel	technology	performance	networking	silicon	security	industry			chip stocks up on intel personnel changes the chip sector enjoyed some gains thursday, led by intel, which announced an executive shuffle, and other industry players whose shares rose after getting a boost from analyst upgrades.
3			battery	revenue	sale	technology	pricing	bankruptcy	consumer	money			update 2: broadcom lowers 3q revenue guidance semiconductor maker broadcom corp. lowered its third quarter revenue guidance, saying customers who make cable and satellite set top boxes over ordered its chips in the first half of the year.
1			politics	election	clinton	democrat			kerry: clinton may campaign on my behalf democratic sen. john kerry said tuesday that former president clinton may be hitting the trail to campaign for him in the final two weeks before election day.
4			processor	computer	hardware	intel	hp	silicon	computing	linux			hp cuts itanium based workstations hewlett packard will stop selling workstations equipped with intel 's 64 bit itanium processors. hp said its workstation customers want chips that are more compatible with 32 bit software, like intel 's xeon and the amd opteron.
2			baseball	statistics	athletics	sport	football	stadium	finance	attendance	toronto			blue jays to buy skydome for $ 21.24 million the toronto blue jays agreed to buy skydome, the team 's ballpark, for about $ 21.24 million. the 50,000 seat stadium, which opened in 1989, cost about $ 375 million to construct and was mostly funded by taxpayers.
2			boxing	baseball	tennis	basketball	sport	football	chess	gambling	boxer			felix trinidad sets boxing back on course boxing fans have been scrambling for answers, searching for scenarios, and saturday night the answers were found, where all sports questions are resolved, madison square garden.
3			income	rating	revenue	sale	marketing	profit	finance	advertising	money			gannett profit rises advertising growth media company gannett co inc. on tuesday reported higher quarterly profit, propelled by advertising sales gains at its newspapers and broadcast television stations.
1			election	politics	statistics	democracy	voting	polling	poll	information	fraud			web based tool helps voters find polls with most states reporting massive new voter registrations and many political observers worrying about potential voter confusion and allegations of fraud on nov.2, one organization has created a web based tool to answer questions and provide information.
1			election	america	politics	democracy	people	voter	money			politicos dig deep for your data this election year, activist groups are targeting undecided voters through consumer databases. but veteran campaigners say no magic formula can predict how people will vote based on where they live and what they buy. by john gartner.
4			virus	software	privacy	technology	encryption	infection	security	linux			the cost of virus protection rises symantec, mcafee hope raising virus definition fees will move users to suites.
1			election	politics	rating	democrat	bush	washington	strategy	change	republican			big changes likely in bush cabinet if he wins if president bush defeats democrat john kerry on nov. 2, republicans expect many new faces in a second term bush cabinet.
1			politics	election	democracy	polling	syria	iran	iraq	candidate	afghanistan			iraq pm adamant jan. election will be held iraqi prime minister iyad allawi said sunday elections would be held on schedule in january despite a surge in violence and more than a score of hostages under threat of death from insurgents.
1			politics	election	labour	result	democracy	polling	poll	blair			poll: blair retains electoral lead prime minister tony blair's labour party maintains a healthy lead over the opposition six months before elections widely expected in may, a poll released saturday suggests.
4			electronics	radio	computer	music	wireless	technology	audio			gadget of the week: catch and hold radio programs for those who would like more control over when and how they listen to radio shows, whether classical music in the afternoon or a soccer game at midnight, there is a new option from griffin technology: the radioshark.
3			trading	inflation	economics	company	stock	market	oil	competition	money	industry			blue chips slip as earns, oil take toll u.s. blue chip stocks fell on wednesday after honeywell international inc. and j.p. morgan chase co. disappointed investors with quarterly reports, and high oil prices rekindled worries about the impact on profit margins.
2			baseball	history	basketball	sport	football	maryland	champion			pioneer defense clears the path for all of the cmass football fanatics out there, it's time to breathe easy. division 1 has a champion and it's none other than st. john's of shrewsbury.
4			success	biotechnology	technology	marketing	fraud	innovation	strategy	drug	research			pdl rakes it in a robust revenue stream combined with an exciting drug pipeline is the recipe for success.
3			trading	trade	trend	investor	investing	market	finance	money	security	industry			ameritrade posts november client trades ameritrade holding corp., a provider of brokerage services for individual investors, said friday that daily average client trades in november reached 183,000, with 29,000 new accounts opened during the month.
2			basketball	sport	football	time	chad			chad hopes to emulate brady the body of work is not substantial enough to consider chad pennington a victim of the belichick factor. fair or not, pennington 's five interception game against the .
4			windows	xp	software	solution	technology	bug	security	linux			get ready to patch installing patches to fix application and system flaws is still a major chore for businesses. with microsoft 's xp sp2, they face their biggest challenge.
2			baseball	bear	giant	football			shellshocked? not these bears the bears were losing 14 0 against the new york giants after just 12 minutes sunday, and a great many people in giants stadium had to believe the game was over at that point.
4			mobile	mobility	technology	nokia	broadband	telecommunication	phone	number			mobile phone users double since 2000 mobile phone subscribers around the globe totaled nearly 1.5 billion by the middle of this year, about one quarter of the world's population, the international telecommunication union itu said on thursday.
3			computer	business	ceo	technology	money			otellini 's rise moves barrett and grove intel 's board sounded the changing of the guard yesterday, with paul otellini being confirmed as the next ceo of the chip giant.
4			electronics	battery	electricity	technology	solar	power	energy	carbon	silicon			wearable solar panels to charge mobiles wearable solar panels that could charge mobile phones, music players or light batteries are likely to go on sale within three years, according to new scientist magazine.
4			lan	network	connectivity	ethernet	mobility	broadband	technology	wireless	networking	linux			chipsets boost wi fi range by 50 per cent broadcom today unveiled two wireless lan chipsets which it claims allow wi fi users to maintain high speed wireless connections at distances up to 50 per cent greater than previous offerings.
2			coaching	baseball	history	volleyball	basketball	sport	golf	recruiting	football			after 0 13 season in 03, ross black knights hope to mimic ... for the 10th consecutive year, tickets for the army navy game have sold out, and for good reason. countless aspects of this 105 year old rivalry command respect, from the thrill inducing pageantry of the pregame
3			computer	statistics	business	finance	bankruptcy	ibm	accounting	productivity	industry			ibm third quarter net flat after charge international business machines corp. on monday posted a flat quarterly net profit, weighed down by the partial settlement of an employee pension lawsuit and lackluster sales in its mainstay computer services business.
2			coaching	baseball	espn	basketball	sport	recruiting	football	coach			report: gamecocks to name spurrier new head coach tuesday the university of south carolina has scheduled a news conference for 1 pm et tuesday when it is expected to announce that steve spurrier will take over as the school 's new head football coach.
4			computer	engineering	manufacturing	technology	design	performance	architecture	ibm	security			ibm opens design to its blade servers international data machines corp. ibm reported that it will release the design of its blade servers openly to potentional consumers.
4			computer	technology	power	acceleration	japan	nec	ibm	computing	linux			nec launches world 's fastest supercomputer japanese electronics giant nec corp has begun selling the world 's fastest supercomputer. nec claimed its sx 8 is the most powerful vector type supercomputer, with a sustainable
3			revenue	business	company	finance	profit	money	membership	industry			aetna third quarter profits up aetna inc. thursday reported a huge surge in third quarter profits from a one time tax refund and increased revenue from higher membership.
1			election	politics	democracy	poll	people	money			political pollsters don't live on elections alone if you're tired of all those candidate polls after the long election season, you aren't alone. so are the pollsters.
2			baseball	basketball	sport	football	detroit	lion			it took a while, but lions are roaring now for a team coming off back to back super bowl appearances, chelmsford sure found itself flying under the radar coming into this season.
4			product	history	business	technology	company	service	communication	logistics	document			xerox outlines services push new yorka day after ditching its tagline the document company, xerox corp. sought to drive home the company 's new focus on services.
4			acquisition	telecom	technology	company	telecommunication	patent	competition	industry			tekelec to acquire steleus tekelec of calabasas, calif., said friday it will acquire telecommunications solution provider, steleus group of westford, mass. tekelec, a leading global supplier of telecommunications
4			hacking	technology	litigation	patent	money	security			infineon pleads guilty of dram price fixing; to pay $ 160mn fine london, september 16 new ratings infineon technologies has agreed to plead guilty and to pay a fine of $ 160 million to settle the federal charges of participating in an international conspiracy of dram price fixing.
1			election	politics	putin	result	democracy	corruption	russia	ukraine			ukraine election in the balance ukrainian prime minister viktor yanukovych led the high tension presidential race in this post soviet republic with about 45 of the vote, too little to clinch a first round victory, the central elections commission said early today.
2			television	sport	football	cricket	itv	entertainment	advertising	tv	media			itv eyes 500m selloff itv chief executive charles allen has earmarked assets for sale worth 500m, including the company 's stakes in cinema advertising and football clubs.
4			computer	linux	java	networking	technology	hp	ibm	computing	industry			sun foresees global pool of computing power com september 21, 2004, 5:30 pm pt. this fourth priority 's main focus has been improving or obtaining crm and erp software for the past year and a half.
3			business	stupid	marketing	technology	advertising	networking	money			still at t wireless, for a spell a tussle over the beleaguered wireless service provider's brand name leaves one fool uninspired.
1			politics	history	culture	democracy	china	corruption	religion	personality			china 's leaders fly pro reform flags for deng deng xiaoping loathed the cult of personality but that didnt stop chinese communist party leaders falling over each other to idolise their late leader to mark the 100th anniversary of his birth yesterday.
1			election	politics	democracy	strategy	terrorism	afghanistan	leadership			karzai team believes victory secure afghanistan 's interim leader hamid karzai is certain to win the country 's landmark presidential election, his campaign spokesman said after early returns gave karzai a commanding advantage.
3			failure	safety	business	management	performance	profit	efficiency	security			profit from management integrity laser manufacturer candela's management avoids taking the easy way out to explain shortfalls.
3			business	ceo	china	shareholder	company	oracle	bankruptcy	email			oracle again extends peoplesoft offer oracle has again extended its $ 7.7 billion cash offer for peoplesoft by two weeks. shareholders now have until oct. 22 to tender their shares, oracle said thursday.
4			app	aim	technology	option	website	email			aol to adapt webex services for aim consumers america online and webex communications are evaluating ways to adapt some of the online meeting services they currently offer to business users of aol 's aim instant messaging network to make these services appealing to other aim consumers.
2			medal	basketball	athletics	sport	race	football	athlete	money			court rules on hamm medal paul hamm says thursday 's decision from sports highest court confirms what he 's always felt in his heart. that he was champion in the men 's all around that night at the athens games and olympic gold medalist.
4			industry	research	technology	patent	rs	linux			infineon revs up, but slowdown coming memory was little help to munich, germanys infineon technologies ag in its now closed fiscal q4. the company reported q4 revenues of $ 2.
4			windows	technology	multimedia	email	im			microsoft adds voice, video to im client bostonmicrosoft corp. announced tuesday an early beta of a new rich client for its live communications server product designed to unite instant messaging with telephony and video, and to embed such technologies in other applications.
2			baseball	basketball	sport	recruiting	football	competition	money			pencil in illini for a no. 1 seed right now seeing as how so many members of the ncaa tournament selection committee are just good people, given how much they ll have to squeeze into a single weekend next march, i thought it might be nice to take a little work off their hands.
2			baseball	team	statistics	safety	injury	basketball	sport	football	coach			three east carolina players involved in car accident east carolina quarterback james pinkney and two other players are listed as questionable for saturday 's game at houston after they were injured in a single car accident.
1			politics	election	democrat	clinton	race	corruption	republican	money			powell says he won't run for office secretary of state colin powell said thursday he won't seek political office, dismissing suggestions that he run for governor or senator in new york.
4			flash	computer	device	storage	technology	performance	networking	memory	silicon	security			amd 's spansion unveils new flash memory products spansion llc, the flash memory joint venture between advanced micro devices inc. amd and fujitsu ltd., unveiled two products that introduce a new design into spansion 's lineup and expand the density of its current products, the company said tuesday.
1			politics	election	ceo	management	race	corruption	strategy	change	leadership			calpers president voted out sean harrigan was ousted from his post as president of the $ 177 billion california public employees' retirement system. in a 3 to 2 vote in san francisco, the california state personnel board pulled harrigan from calpers, where he had served for five years. elected as calpers board president in february 2003, harrigan is a longtime union official and an advocate for corporate governance reform. he persuaded institutional investors to withhold votes for walt disney's michael d. eisner as board chairman, and he led a drive to withhold votes for safeway chief executive steven a. burd while the union was on strike against the company. ron alvarado will succeed harrigan beginning jan. 1, a board spokeswoman said.
4			electronics	computer	chip	hardware	intel	technology	memory	silicon			ibm discloses details of chip when ibm gave a sneak peek at its new cell microprocessor this week, it was short on specifics about what it calls a supercomputer on a chip. but details are leaking out thanks to a recent patent awarded to ibm and big blue's own disclosures for an upcoming conference.
4			computer	linux	technology	storage	networking	ibm	memory	server			new ibm systems mark storage server convergence ibm quote, chart took the covers off its latest storage strategy tuesday with an imposing ds8000 enterprise class storage server along with the much smaller, ultra dense ds6000.
4			computer	trend	privacy	technology	analytics	google			msn search engine launch december 2004 msn search engine launch december 2004 msn search launch december '04? wouldn't it be a kick, if they stick to effective algorithms and the slick look they're offering in the october tech preview incarnation! that version has me very happy with the rankings of my own sites and those of clients ...
2			politics	baseball	boxing	life	sport	competition	money			sour grapes as another u.s. boxer bites the dust the u.s. boxing team sucked on sour grapes after being left with just one gold medal prospect in the olympic boxing tournament friday.
1			election	ukrainian	politics	democracy	corruption	russia	ukraine			a new election for ukrainians appears likely ukraine appears to be headed toward holding a new election under a deal to adopt a reorganization of political power.
4			network	mobility	ethernet	technology	broadband	wireless	networking	speed			new wi fi nearly doubles speed belkin's pre n wireless networking line also dramatically improves range even for 802.11b and 802.11g gear.
3			america	family	history	life	business	flying			rocket man has local ties com. it was a flawless flight and a glorious day for our family, said william binnie. he, wife catherine and daughters sheila and katie had good reason to celebrate on monday.
4			windows	hardware	software	microsoft	development	availability	security	linux			microsoft nears release of 64 bit windows cnet reports that microsoft is almost ready with the final release candidate of windows 64. here 's a clip: the company said it has reached the release candidate stage for service pack 1 of windows server 2003.
4			electronics	radio	computer	television	movie	music	technology	tv			keychain remote control turns off most tvs a lot of people love television but apparently some people have had enough of it, too. a new keychain gadget that lets people turn off most tvs anywhere from airports to restaurants is selling at a faster clip than it would take most people to surf the channels on their boob tubes.
4			computer	software	gate	technology	microsoft	ai	education	windows			gates signs deal on software for the blind microsoft chairman bill gates signed an agreement friday with a spanish association for the blind to develop better software for people with visual impairments.
4			mobile	device	network	mobility	wireless	smartphone	technology	strategy			microsoft peeks at mobile strategy at the ctia wireless it entertainment 2004 conference monday, mike wehrs, microsofts director of technology standards for its mobility division, disclosed some details about big reds future mobile plans.
3			investor	ceo	business	movie	investing	finance	hollywood	money	industry			investor icahn joins hollywood video fray the hollywood entertainment corp. story took another twist friday when new york based investor carl icahn announced the purchase of approximately 8.4 percent of the wilsonville based company 's outstanding stock.
4			processor	computer	chip	hardware	intel	technology	silicon	linux			in another reversal, intel kills 4 gig chip leading chipmaker intel revealed thursday that it will not manufacture a much ballyhooed 4 ghz version of the pentium 4 pc processor.
1			politics	election	democracy	europe	austria	eu	stability			view: europes new dawn jan peter balkenende the constitutional treaty firmly enshrines fundamental rights in law and makes the eu more democratic, more transparent, and more effective.
1			brussels	politics	election	democracy	belgium	germany	freedom			belgium assaults democracy and self determination what happened in brussels today is unique in the western world: never has a so called democratic regime outlawed the country's largest political party. the party outlawed is for flemish self determination. when belgium's largest political party despite being a minority, which even the largest parties usually are in parliamentary politics cannot even seek self determination via democratic means, aren't international organizations obligated to ask what self determination really means in a liberal democracy ?
4			technology	economics	company	tech	stock	finance	energy	oil	corporation	industry			stocks lower on coke, oil, goldman survey u.s. stocks fell on wednesday after a profit warning from coca cola co. fueled concern about corporate profits and a goldman sachs survey showed softening corporate spending on technology.
1			politics	election	violence	democracy	china	war	peace	conflict	terrorism	afghanistan			nepal sets january deadline for rebels to begin peace talks rebels fighting to replace nepal 's monarchy with a communist republic have until jan. 13 to begin peace talks, nepalese prime minister sher bahadur deuba said.
4			politics	electronics	culture	art	city	music	technology	media			city survives art geek invasion this year's ars electronica festival turned the city of linz, austria, into one big digital art installation, featuring everything from car alarms programmed with laugh tracks to messages broadcast by antelope horn. by michelle delio.
4			computer	ethernet	hardware	technology	speed	networking	ibm	intel	computing	linux			system x supercomputer speeds up almost 20 percent virginia tech's all mac system x supercomputer, installed at the university's terascale computing facility, made headlines last year when it was determined to be the third fastest supercomputer in the world. system x has been upgraded to apple computer inc.'s xserve g5 server and now runs even faster, with a sustained speed of 12.25 trillion operations per second 19 percent faster than before.
4			electricity	network	mobility	wireless	technology	internet	broadband	telecommunication	speed			broadband starts to rival dial up broadband has out stripped unmetered connections in the uk for the first time, official figures show.
1			politics	election	race	black	racism			gore and kerry unite in search for black votes as polls suggest gains for president bush among black voters, democrats are trying to solidify their bloc.
4			id	authentication	computer	privacy	technology	semiconductor	patent	silicon	security			ibm chip stores id in silicon ibm is the first pc manufacturer to use a national semiconductor chip that stores a pc 's identity in silicon to avert hackers by safeguarding passwords and other sensitive identity information.
3			craft	farmer	agriculture	business	manufacturing	economics	farming	money	industry			business 'booms' for rural crafts craftspeople could soon overtake farmers as the biggest contributors to the rural economy, a report says.
1			politics	america	election	history	race	mccain	money			rivals run a relay race for president colorado, new mexico and florida are three of the most competitive states in the presidential election. usa today reporters and photographers followed president bush and sen. john kerry as they bounced around those states and three time zones saturday, 10 days before election day. here is a look at their day on the road.
4			electronics	computer	technology	nec	japan	machine	ibm	computing	industry			nec develops fast computer tokyo nec, japan 's biggest seller of personal computers, said wednesday that it had developed the world 's fastest supercomputer, with almost double the speed of international business machines fastest machine.
4			ibm	application	modular	java	software	technology	architecture	patent	industry			ibm ups investment in modular software push firm's new consulting service supports services oriented architecture, an emerging software development model.
4			chip	price	hardware	technology	performance	apple	pricing	cost	intel			intel cuts prices on chips, laptop to sell cheaper intel announced on sunday the prices for its pentium m processors by 34 percent. the santa clara, calif. based chipmaker introduced lower prices on its pentium m processors
4			technology	design	tech	innovation	networking	woman	industry			tech industry struggles with age old conundrum the silver haired set is a growing yet elusive demographic for it product engineers and web site designers.
1			politics	election	violence	democracy	war	peace	iran	iraq	religion	terrorism			iraqi delegation flies to najaf in peace bid a delegation of iraqi political and religious leaders flew out of baghdad on u.s. military helicopters tuesday, heading for najaf in a bid to end a bloody shi'ite uprising, delegates said.
4			battery	electronics	computer	intel	technology	silicon	computing	linux			playstation 3 chip goes easy on developers com december 3, 2004, 3:26 pm pt. san francisco the cell processor that will power the next version of the playstation game console will also be adaptable for advanced scientific
2			baseball	soccer	athletics	sport	volleyball	football	stadium	turf	tennis			miaa unveils matchups, sites for semifinals the massachusetts interscholastic athletic association football committee yesterday announced the sites and matchups for tuesday's semifinal playoff round. games will be at college and high school sites, with one thing in common: an artificial playing surface.
4			privacy	technology	web	internet	industry			striking up digital video search com november 29, 2004, 4:00 am pt. this priority retains its ranking at number five as more and more companies deploy web services to share business logic, data and processes with each other and with clients.
2			coaching	overtime	baseball	statistics	sport	football	playoff	scheduling			a double up game if a certain game is important for a certain reasons, the colts head coach will discuss the matter with his team early in the week.
4			statistics	computer	vector	technology	evolution	math	robot	computing			supercomputer seeks comeback vector supercomputers, the original giant machines for massive computing tasks, have largely been replaced in recent years by cheaper cluster models. but the vector's maker and many researchers want a comeback. by nancy gohring.
4			hacking	software	privacy	technology	encryption	microsoft	assurance	security	windows			us government agencies aim for software assurance u.s. government agencies need to better understand the vulnerabilties of the software they're buying, said it workers from several government agencies during a software assurance forum in washington, d.c., this week.
4			device	technology	automation	robot	appliance			robo servants set to sweep into homes com october 20, 2004, 12:46 pm pt. there were over 600,000 household service robots in use worldwide in 2003, and more than 4 million new units should join them over the next three
4			computer	privacy	technology	stalking	google	money			firefox ignites demand for alternative browser strolling between classes at stanford university in palo alto, calif., blake ross looks like any other bleary eyed sophomore. few would guess that the laptop carrying
2			baseball	hockey	schedule	basketball	athletics	sport	football	attendance	tennis			today's schedule college field hockey: nescac tournament semifinal at middlebury, vt.: middlebury vs. colby, 11 a.m.; ncaa division 2 tournament first round: southern conn. at bentley, noon; little east tournament final at keene, n.h., noon; north atlantic conference tournament final: maine farmington at wnec, 1; nescac tournament semifinal at middlebury, vt.: tufts vs. williams, 1:30 p.m.; newmac tournament semifinal at springfield: springfield vs...
3			trading	trade	investor	investing	stock	market	loss	profit	competition	money			ameritrade profit up but trading slips internet brokerage ameritrade holding corp. said tuesday its quarterly profit rose from a year earlier, though trading revenue fell as investors curbed trading activity in recent weeks.
2			baseball	sport	football	miami			'canes confident heading into va. showdown there's a certain swagger that typically accompanies the miami hurricanes, the only team to play in bowl championship series games each of the last four seasons.
1			politics	election	democracy	transparency	parliament	censorship	scandal	corruption	terrorism	torture			probe opens into british parliament intrusion britain launched an inquiry on thursday into the first storming of its parliament since 1647 after a protest stunt revealed shambolic security at the heart of prime minister tony blair's government.
4			electronics	e	technology	marketing	internet	shopping	retail	online			technology briefs don 't call brick and mortar retail stores irrelevant in this age of e commerce: in a survey, 69 percent of us online shoppers admit to browsing in traditional stores before buying over the internet.
4			wired	network	ethernet	technology	broadband	ip	wireless	networking			sbc opens up wi fi roaming wired wireless continues its reign at the top spot among it priorities due to widespread ip telephony and wireless deployment.
2			coaching	baseball	olympic	olympics	volleyball	basketball	sport	athlete	nba			overrated nba athletes losing to better teams for the purist, watching basketball played at the olympic level is a nice break from what 's become of the game in this country.
3			job	contract	privatization	manufacturing	saving	company	finance	corporation	money	industry			unisys plans to cut 1,400 workers unisys corp. plans to cut 1,400 jobs, or nearly 4 percent of its work force, and consolidate some facility space, moves that will help yield annualized savings of about $ 70 million a year by 2005.
4			windows	computer	chip	hardware	technology	performance	memory	linux			amd disappointed by 64 bit delay microsoft's decision to push back a 64 bit windows will not hurt chip sales, company says.
4			product	business	india	software	technology	development	ai	industry			ariba opens development center in india ariba inc. has set up a software development facility in bangalore, india, which will work on product development as well as technical support and services, the company announced friday.
2			coaching	baseball	magic	espn	basketball	sport	boston	football	celtics			playing with poise with the exception of some late game trash talking between the boston bench and some boisterous new york fans at madison square garden, the celtics handled their first win of the season with considerable restraint. there were high fives and hugs, but nothing over the top despite a 34 point rout of the knicks saturday night.
3			politics	success	history	life	business	investing	finance	money			barge deal helped enron stay afloat row, row, row your barge gently up a creek merrill lynch, merrill lynch, merrill lynch, merrill lynch life is but a dream .... especially on wall street, where merrill, the world 's largest securities
1			election	politics	violence	democracy	policing	ireland	power	terrorism	belfast			sinn fein breaks new ground over power sharing sinn fein leader gerry adams and former ira commander martin mcguinness will today talk face to face for the first time with a northern ireland chief constable.
3			business	ceo	company	sec	growth	ft	profit	money	industry			cott q3 earnings slip; company cuts guidance rising costs at its us operations pulled down third quarter earnings at cott corp., the soft drink company reported wednesday.
4			software	technology	marketing	apple	linux			palmone launches smarter treo 650 while palmone has added an mp3 player and bluetooth define support, the goal with this release was to improve upon a good thing, said greg shirai, director of product marketing for the milpitas, calif.
1			scotland	election	politics	democracy	ireland	strategy	referendum			dup studies devolution proposals the democratic unionist party 's executive has given its unanimous approval to leader ian paisley as he enters the final stage of talks aimed at restoring devolution to northern ireland.
4			electronics	computer	chip	intel	technology	apple	semiconductor	silicon	linux			chronology of intel 's delays and cancellations intel, the world 's largest chip maker, scrapped a plan thursday to enter the digital television chip business, marking a major retreat from its push into consumer electronics.
2			baseball	history	statistics	life	sport	race	football	fame			no flash in the plan remember this amazing run of patriots prominence. in decades to come, those who rewrite sports history are bound to tell the story with such poetic license that the record will have to be set straight.
3			business	ceo	data	revenue	sale	technology	company	finance	industry			peoplesoft sees revenue above estimates peoplesoft inc. on monday forecast third quarter revenue would exceed wall street expectations, helped by an increase in customers making larger orders for its business software.
3			share	investment	price	investing	shareholder	stock	finance	competition	money	capital			telstra announces $ 750m share buy back telstra corp has announced a $ 750 million off market share buy back as part of its capital management program. telstra expects to return $ 1.
4			virus	computer	disaster	crash	software	technology	crashing	bug	networking			is firefox 1.0 less stable than firefox pr1.0? an anonymous reader wonders: i had firefox 1.0pr running smoothly on three different machines and it hardly ever crashed. after upgrading to 1.0, i seem to have at least one annoying crash a day.
4			computer	progress	technology	acceleration	time	nasa	speed	computing	physics			new supercomputer claims to be fastest the builders of a new nasa supercomputer claim the 10,240 processor machine is the fastest in the world an exciting prospect for researchers even if the speed title has yet to be officially bestowed.
4			electronics	battery	computer	printer	laser	manufacturing	technology	printing			lexmark, dell, ibm laser printers recalled the us consumer product safety commission said that printers from lexmark, dell and ibm can short circuit, posing possible electric shock hazards to consumers.
2			coaching	baseball	davis	cleveland	retirement	basketball	sport	football			cleveland browns fire their head coach some say your college days are the best years of your life. butch davis isn 't likely to dissent. davis inglorious tenure as coach of the cleveland browns came to an end on monday, one day after his team gave up 58 points to the cincinnati bengals.
4			computer	gate	microsoft	technology	mathematics	networking	ibm	computing	linux			cmu 's computer science school receives $ 20 million gift from gates the bill and melinda gates foundation has given $ 20 million to carnegie mellon university to help fund construction of a new computer science building.
4			battery	electronics	electricity	technology	nokia	phone			nokia makes counterfeiting batteries harder nokia will now be adding a small hologram to all batteries it produces for its mobile phones, in an effort to combat counterfeit batteries.
1			politics	war	mr	sport	strategy	competition	industry			alh battle demands far sighted analysis the battle between john fletcher and roger corbett has nothing to do with their personal egos. as i detail below, coles myer realises that if woolworths gains control of australian leisure hospitality it
1			politics	america	president	history	election	clinton	washington	money			clinton library reflects its subject's volatile era the william j. clinton presidential center, in little rock, ark., which is to be dedicated on thursday, sprawls across eight years of big ambitions and small details.
4			electronics	battery	computer	electricity	sale	technology	amazon	book			amazon's electrifying sales apparently has greater sales in electronics than books for the very first time.
2			coaching	boxing	baseball	syracuse	basketball	athletics	sport	recruiting	football			boeheim waiting to let edelin practice the ncaa has granted the waiver petition of syracuse junior men 's basketball player billy edelin. he is immediately eligible to compete in intercollegiate athletics.
2			baseball	hockey	life	safety	soccer	sport	football			eskimos snap out of it and there 's plenty of joy in mudville now that the edmonton eskimos have snapped a three game losing skid and are playing .500 football again.
4			electronics	computer	device	manufacturing	technology	innovation	semiconductor	silicon	industry			global chip gear sales seen down 5.15 percent in 2005 global sales of equipment used to make and test semiconductors are expected to fall 5.15 percent from a year earlier to $ 33.49 billion in 2005, an industry group said on wednesday.
2			baseball	history	hockey	soccer	basketball	sport	athletics	football			walpole's victory feels like old times certain programs are expected to compete for championships every year in local high school sports, such as catholic memorial in ice hockey and everett in football.
3			job	employee	ceo	business	network	company	greed	competition	hr	money			nortel networks to eliminate 3,500 jobs nortel networks said on thursday it will slash its work force by 3,500, or 10 percent, as it struggles to recover from an accounting scandal that toppled three top executives and led to a criminal investigation and lawsuits.
3			business	ceo	trend	technology	marketing	company	growth	industry			continues strong customer growth company experiences 80 gain in customers in one year, to nearly 200,000.
2			medal	boxing	baseball	olympics	athletics	sport	athlete	swimming	phelps			no gold for phelps as relay team falters mark spitz can rest easy. the best michael phelps can do is win seven gold medals at these olympics...
4			industry	electronics	computer	chip	intel	technology	apple	silicon	linux			intel corp. makes marketing push for centrino chip intel corp. on monday launched a global advertising campaign for its centrino notebook computer chips, aiming to boost sales of a brand that has brought the world's largest chip maker more than 3 billion in revenue since its start last year.
1			election	politics	statistics	democracy	voting	polling	poll	information	fraud			web based tool helps voters find polls with most states reporting massive new voter registrations and many political observers worrying about potential voter confusion and allegations of fraud on nov.2, one organization has created a web based tool to answer questions and provide information.
1			politics	america	diplomacy	war	democracy	terrorism	money	globalization			on one issue, the world really likes bush cowboy diplomacy. unilateralism. foreign governments have sharply criticized president bush 's foreign policy in many ways. but on one issue, international trade, you could almost hear a collective sigh of relief over his reelection.
3			inflation	revenue	trend	sale	marketing	market	stock	growth	retail	earnings			update 4: wal mart 3q earnings rise on higher sales wal mart stores inc., the world 's largest retailer, reported a 12.7 percent rise in its third quarter earnings, meeting wall street expectations.
4			electronics	chip	technology	japan	korea	semiconductor	silicon	intel	industry			samsung sees chip growth slowing korean chipmaker expects global sales will halve next year; sales growth could be in single digit. seoul reuters growth in global semiconductor sales will probably halve next year and memory chip sales
2			coaching	baseball	statistics	basketball	athletics	sport	soccer	football	usc			trojans can almost smell the oranges the result left top ranked u.s.c. one victory from a perfect season and a berth in the b.c.s. title game.
4			industry	ibm	computer	technology	hp	patent	ai	linux			hp drops plans to put compaq technology into hp ux hewlett packard co. said yesterday that it has abandoned plans to integrate a number of advanced technologies it acquired in its 2002 purchase of compaq computer corp.
4			electronics	nano	manufacturing	technology	innovation	semiconductor	research	silicon			amd using strained silicon on 90 nanometer chips advanced micro devices amd will implement the strained silicon manufacturing technique on its upcoming 90 nanometer processors as well as 130 nanometer processors released this quarter, an amd spokesman said friday.
1			politics	election	culture	democracy	china	economics	corruption			power shift in china raises hope of better living standards, but ... chinese president hu jintao 's accession to full power and the final retirement of former president jiang zemin is being hailed as the start of a new era in chinese politics.
2			politics	australia	television	olympics	sport	abc	football	broadcasting	tv			a trio of television technologies australians went into a television buying frenzy the run up to the athens olympics, suggesting that as a nation we could easily have scored a gold medal for tv purchasing.
3			success	failure	business	recovery	litigation	finance	fraud	bankruptcy	competition	money			enron ceo's firm seeks 'success fee' the firm led by enron corp.'s acting chief executive asked a bankruptcy judge for a $ 25 million success fee for its efforts in shepherding the collapsed energy trader through nearly three years under chapter 11 bankruptcy, a court filing shows.
4			electronics	battery	computer	movie	cd	music	car	technology			onkyo's dvd changer spins a new tune here's a hands on look at the moderately priced, multiformat dv cp802.
4			cyber	computer	hacking	hacked	privacy	technology	terrorism	security			cybersecurity chief calls it quits after a year the government 's cybersecurity chief resigned this week after serving a year with the homeland security department. amit yoran, the first director of the national cyber security division, said
2			baseball	statistics	athletics	race	sport	track	technology	football			gatlin ushers in a new era in a shade under ten seconds justin gatlin went from a hyperactive boy who used to jump off his parents tv set dressed in a batman cape to the holder of the most prized title in track and field.
2			match	portugal	porto	club	sport	football	sporting	relegation			porto beats sporting, goes second place in portuguese league fc porto scored three second half goals to beat visiting sporting lisbon 3 0 monday and move into second place in the portuguese league, one point behind leader benfica after nine rounds.
4			mobile	network	mobility	privacy	broadband	technology	wireless	communication	telecommunication			bellsouth's cingular pursuit the nation's leading regional phone company is resting growth hopes on its cingular wireless venture.
4			computer	hacking	hardware	software	privacy	technology	vulnerability	security	linux			ipaqs turn up the security security continues to hold steady over software as the third top it priority, with organizations busy coping with cyber threats, keeping up with software
2			baseball	safety	soccer	sport	football			soccer headgear: does it do any good? thousands of american players are using protective headgear, but some soccer officials question whether it reduces the risk of head injuries.
4			computer	graphic	desktop	software	technology	macintosh	pcs	computing	windows			speed and elegance in a desktop package with the imac g5, apple has pared the desktop computer down to little more than the parts that people look at and touch keyboard, screen and mouse.
4			application	network	collaboration	technology	patent	research	computing	linux			eu pledges $ 63 million for grid computing grants aim to accelerate european research into business applications of shared computing.
4			application	linux	java	hardware	software	development	availability	ios	windows			latest mandrake linux distro screams into action mandrakesoft has introduced mandrakelinux 10.1 official with the promise that its latest distribution provides extended support for mobile devices, better hardware compatibility, and major application upgrades.
2			coaching	baseball	espn	volleyball	basketball	sport	football	washington	maryland			george washington upsets no. 12 maryland george washington's weekend has to rank among the best in school history. the colonials beat two top 25 teams in winning the bb classic and have won five straight since a season opening loss to top ranked wake forest.
4			windows	computer	mac	software	privacy	technology	microsoft	apple	security	linux			do not rule out lower priced apple imac analyst apple computer inc. could decide to sell a lower priced of its macintosh computer to attract consumers already enamored of its ipod music player and annoyed by security problems with windows pcs, piper jaffray analyst gene munster said on thursday.
3			expansion	store	trend	price	sale	marketing	retailer	growth	pricing	retail			wal mart keeps same store sales outlook wal mart stores inc. , the world's largest retailer, said on saturday it still anticipates a 2 percent to 4 percent increase in november sales at its stores open at least a year.
3			employee	ceo	business	sale	management	microsoft	strategy	security			peoplesoft executive gupta departs a peoplesoft executive who oversaw the company 's products and its integration with jd edwards departed from the company this week, a company representative confirmed friday.
4			windows	rival	computer	competitor	technology	microsoft	company	strategy	competition	linux			ballmer strikes big rivals from microsoft shopping list microsoft ceo steve ballmer said the company isn't interested in buying peoplesoft, oracle or sap, but he wouldn't rule out smaller deals.
4			revenue	data	technology	oracle	performance	strategy	finance	analytics	research	industry			oracle quarterly income rises 16 percent oracle corp. on tuesday reported a 16 percent rise in quarterly profit fueled by steady demand for its flagship database software, but executives warned that customers were still cautious about spending on technology.
1			election	america	politics	democracy	kerry	debate	mccain			polls say kerry narrowly won us election debate snap polls taken after the second us presidential election debate said senator john kerry narrowly beat president george w. bush.
4			electronics	computer	chip	intel	technology	memory	silicon	computing	linux			intel crams 500m transistors on a chip a small, fully functional, 70 megabit static random access memory computer chip crammed with more than 500,000,000 transistors has been developed by researchers at intel corp.
4			electronics	nintendo	handheld	game	computer	gaming	console	technology	innovation			handhelds a hit for thanksgiving with the unveiling of the new nintendo ds handheld system, consumers were greeted with what has been touted as the most innovative gaming technology we ve seen this generation.
1			election	politics	democrat	result	democracy	polling	candidate	party			small steps hong kong democrats made only modest gains in elections for the territorys legislative council yesterday, leaving pro beijing parties with an overall majority.
3			reliance	business	investing	company	power	energy	trust	corporation	leadership			reliance asks directors who quit to reconsider the board of reliance energy, a unit of reliance industries, said the six directors, all long time employees of the group, would resume their normal duties and that it continued
3			trade	manufacturing	trend	price	sale	wholesale	retailer	retail	distribution	industry			wholesalers post sixth straight monthly sales increase: statscan wholesale sales grew for the sixth consecutive month in august, statistics canada says. sales were up by 0.7 per cent from july in part because of a surge in sales of machinery and electronic equipment.
4			people	money	technology			three minutes with craig newmark the craig behind craigslist speaks about his web community's popularity and touches on the site's future.
3			trading	company	option	cisco	stock	security	industry			stocks to watch on august 24 u.s. stocks to watch: cisco systems inc. cisco, the world's largest maker of gear for directing internet traffic, on monday distributed 162 million merit based common stock options to employees, including 1.5 million to chief executive john chambers. its shares ended at $ 19.18 on nasdaq.
4			dos	linux	network	hardware	software	technology	microsoft	system	windows			pda news alternative oses, palmone disses cobalt, european treo ... cnet reports that palmone has evaluated versions of microsofts windows mobile as well as linux based operating systems for use in its products.
4			science	biotechnology	technology	tech	energy	innovation	research	physics			news: technology already exists to stabilize global warming existing technologies could stop the escalation of global warming for 50 years and work on implementing them can begin immediately, according to an analysis by princeton university scientists. princeton university press release
3			investing	technology	shareholder	company	market	finance	dow	competition	money	media			dow jones to pay $ 519 million for marketwatch dow jones won out over a list of competing media bidders to gain control of marketwatch with its $ 18 a share offer. if the buy is approved by shareholders, dow jones will gain a valuable foothold in the fast
4			mobility	connectivity	trend	technology	hp	computing	linux			new toshiba notebooks highlight long running trend toshiba corp.'s new desktop replacement multimedia notebooks, introduced on tuesday, are further evidence that u.s. consumers still have yet to embrace the mobility offered by intel corp.'s newer mobile processors.
4			linux	software	privacy	technology	copyright	piracy	patent	security	reliability			putting linux on notice roundup large scale linux users could find themselves in a costly patent pickle, warns steve ballmer.
4			mobile	wireless	technology	smartphone	nokia	phone			verizon starts selling world phone to consumers verizon wireless said on wednesday its stores have begun selling a phone from samsung electronics that was designed to work on mobile networks around the world.
4			industry	computer	technology	machine	ibm	speed	computing	linux			ibm claim to own fastest supercomputer the fact that non us vendor like nec had the fastest computer was seen as a big challenge for us computer industry, said horst simon, director of the supercomputing centre at lawrence berkeley labs in california.
4			business	ceo	software	microsoft	technology	finance	productivity	linux			novell linux desktop launch this week novell is focusing its enterprise desktop efforts on linux deployments where users can gain the most benefit. jack messman, novell 's chairman and ceo.
3			business	acquisition	investor	investing	marketing	company	corporation	merger			the buyout business has changed, and so has frederic malek a seemingly small change was recorded last week at thayer capital partners, one of the washington region's biggest and best known corporate buyout firms. in its marketing brochure, frederic v. malek changed his title to chairman and founder from managing partner, the title he has held since he formed thayer in 1993.
4			laptop	electronics	computer	chip	intel	technology	car	money	silicon	linux			intel whacks mobile chip prices attention, notebook shoppers: intel drops the cost of pentium ms and centrino a sign that cheaper laptops are on the way.
4			mobile	java	software	technology	smartphone	nokia	phone	linux			vodafone and nokia team up on software mobile phone giants vodafone and nokia have teamed up to simplify software for cell phones written with the java computer language that promises to bring cheaper, smarter handsets.
3			trade	business	trend	greed	stock	growth	finance	competition	money			shares unlikely to sustain giddy pace the sharemarket kicked off the december quarter at a new high yesterday, but experts are warning that it will have trouble maintaining the momentum of the past three months.
4			software	technology	licensing	copyright	finance	pricing	patent	license	competition	industry			study: software vendors, users at odds over licensing software publishers and users are at odds about software licensing, according a study released monday.
2			medal	olympic	china	olympics	athletics	sport	football	athlete	cycling			team gb hoping for more olympic success team gb will be hoping for more of the same at the olympics today after finally delivering on the big stage with a four medal haul.
2			baseball	sport	boston	football	money			red sox video debuts during gala party in boston trot nixon couldn 't wait to see the red sox playoff run on the big screen. the boston outfielder already knew the ending would be great.
3			supply	manufacturing	trend	price	demand	company	service	logistics	industry			continued growth in us services sector new york, november 3 the us services sector witnessed a continued upturn for the nineteenth consecutive month in october this year, the institute of supply management ism reported today.
1			politics	abortion	election	democrat	gov	censorship	debate	republican	money			frist urges democrats to stop filibusters senate majority leader bill frist on thursday urged democrats to stop blocking president bush's federal court nominees and hinted that he may try to change senate rules to thwart their delaying tactics.
3			politics	business	ceo	management	race	black	bankruptcy	money			hollinger inc. director rohmer may leave board, post reports richard rohmer, a friend of conrad black and director of black 's holding company, hollinger inc., may resign from the board as early as next week because he 's tired of dealing with complex
3			fresh	buying	trend	sale	marketing	greed	competition	money			fresh del monte 's bad blip shares of motley fool hidden gems selection fresh del monte produce nyse: fdp are down 6 to $ 25 after the company cut its full year 2004 earnings forecast by almost 20.
4			ge	computer	manufacturing	ceo	technology	power	growth	energy			ge earnings up 11 percent in third quarter general electric co. 's third quarter earnings rose 11 percent and revenue jumped 15 percent as orders rose sharply, the company said friday.
2			coaching	baseball	statistics	recovery	sport	nfl	football	win			having the final say the patriots have won 20 games in a row, and yesterday they tied the nfl record for most consecutive regular season wins 17 . those are feats that take all the emotion the players can muster week after week.
3			store	trend	price	sale	marketing	stock	retailer	growth	retail			wal mart's december sales jump 3 percent wal mart stores inc., the world's largest retailer, announced monday that it expects its december sales to have risen 3 percent at stores open at least a year, a figure that is at the top end of the company's sales estimate.
1			politics	election	democracy	voting	croatia	bosnia	electoral	kosovo			voting begins in bosnian local elections bosnians began voting today in the country 's first locally organized local elections since the 1992 95 war. around 2.3 million voters are eligible to elect local councils and mayors in 142 municipalities.
4			computer	business	ceo	technology	company	system	ibm	security			perot systems: peter altabef new ceo perot systems corp. said friday it has named peter altabef president and ceo and ross perot jr., who previously held those titles, as board chairman.
2			medal	boxing	doping	olympics	athletics	sport	athlete	iaaf	cycling			hammer winner still missing the international olympic committee ioc said today it was still trying to find hungarian olympic hammer champion adrian annus, who is suspected of having tampered with his athens games doping sample.
2			politics	coaching	retirement	sport	football	power	talent	leadership			boosters say they understand spurrier 's decision since his name first surfaced as a possible replacement for ron zook, former florida football coach steve spurrier has been the focal point of a gator nation desperately seeking a return to glory.
1			politics	election	war	democracy	peace	religion	africa			un general assembly gives annan what its president calls vote of ... the united nations general assembly today gave secretary general kofi annan a standing ovation and a lengthy round of applause, in what its president called a rare and valuable homage and a vote of confidence a characterization
4			job	computer	business	programming	technology	marketing	company	networking	programmer	money			mainstream companies seek charming programmers are you a charmer with strong programming skills? can you find happiness toiling in the it department of a manufacturer or transportation company?
4			business	technology	evolution	innovation	change	idea			when business innovation leads to disaster this book attempts to demolish the notion that ''new is better. for the most part, it succeeds. sergio zyman and coauthor armin a. brott build a solid foundation for their argument that innovation can be disastrous for the bottom line. innovation is like a sugar high, they say a quick fix that just doesn't work.
3			revenue	data	trend	sale	technology	growth	loss	customer	research	industry			update 2 amd warns of lower sales, citing flash memory semiconductor maker advanced micro devices inc. amd.n: quote, profile, research warned on monday that its quarterly revenue will be lower than forecast, citing softness in
2			baseball	hockey	nhl	sport	football	skating	canada			nhl lockout begins the nhl is locking out its players starting today, threatening to keep the sport off the ice for the entire 2004 05 season and perhaps beyond in an effort by management to effect massive change in the sport 's economic structure.
4			wikipedia	software	technology	licensing	copyright	innovation	patent			novell patents to protect more than open source novell inc has taken its new stance on software patents in order to protect innovation in the industry as a whole, not just the open source community, according to a european regulator.
3			business	privacy	technology	communication	telecommunication	finance	accounting	email	industry			qualcomm to review accounting practices qualcomm plans to study whether to change its accounting practices to reflect the growing size and volatility of the mobile communications market.
2			baseball	computer	game	basketball	sport	football	math	money			game speaks volumes for melamed guy melamed admits that when he first came to boston college, he'd get fidgety during class.
1			politics	election	putin	democracy	political	russia	ukraine			klitschko targets political fight next vitali klitschko said he wants to join the political fight in his native ukraine after an emphatic defense of his world boxing council heavyweight title against danny williams on saturday.
4			job	mobile	business	broadband	technology	wireless	communication	telecommunication	phone			10 of jobs on the block at cingular; office jobs targeted cingular wireless will cut close to 10 of its 68,000 jobs over the next 12 to 18 months as it combines operations with the recently acquired at wireless, the chief executive of the nation 's largest cell phone company said tuesday in an
2			coaching	baseball	florida	espn	basketball	sport	recruiting	football	coach			spurrier spurns gators for gamecocks a report states that steve spurrier would take over at the university of south carolina if coach lou holtz should retire. spurrier decided to turn down the job at university of florida after coach ron zoock
4			privacy	technology	protection	vulnerability	encryption	strategy	risk	security			microsoft: payout of sasser bounty hinges on conviction com september 10, 2004, 1:42 pm pt. most it managers won 't question the importance of security, but this priority has been sliding between the third and fourth most important focus for companies.
3			ceo	company	greed	fraud	finance	profit	corporation	money			nortel to cut 3,500 jobs to boost profits nortel networks corp. earned stock market applause on thursday as it slashed more jobs, released on target profit estimates, and took steps to clean up its accounting mess.
1			politics	election	business	finance	strategy	republican	money	lobbying			business cash for bush campaign, lawyers for kerry with direct private fund raising for the presidential campaigns ended, president bush has maintained the traditional republican edge among business leaders, according to government data.
4			politics	computer	business	privacy	technology	people	money	security			don't make the babies cry the telecom industry has endured some tough times. they haven't seen anything yet.
4			electronics	battery	cat	animal	computer	mouse	technology	robot			modern mice use optical sensors, go wireless buying a new mouse is kind of like buying a new toothbrush: you don 't realize you needed a new one until you actually make the switch and realize how bad the old one really was.
4			computer	intel	technology	performance	hp	silicon	computing	linux			amd desktop chips edge ahead of intel figures from zdnet germany labs show amd's fastest chips outpacing its rival's for mainstream applications.
4			connectivity	privacy	microsoft	technology	ip	cisco	content	networking	analytics			cisco picks up p cube for $ 200 million application and subscriber aware technology solutions like p cube 's provide the ability to differentiate and control new content based data services.
2			baseball	espn	volleyball	athletics	sport	basketball	golf	football	tennis			univ. of d.c. cancels basketball the university of the district of columbia canceled its men's and women's basketball seasons thursday, citing problems with recruitment, academic eligibility and financial aid.
4			windows	computer	itunes	hardware	software	music	microsoft	technology	linux			media center will succeed, just not yet microsoft is promoting its windows media center extender devices as the easiest way to get music, photos and video from a media center pc to a stereo or tv.
4			safety	car	technology	money	performance	finance	competition	cost	industry			vauxhall reveals big losses and cuts 340 uk staff vauxhall lost more than 115 million last year, twice as much as it lost the previous year. the company blamed the competitive car market.
2			baseball	espn	basketball	sport	football	tech	vs	quarterback			imoh, hokies nip wake mike imoh runs for 100 yards and the winning touchdown saturday to lead virginia tech to a 17 10 victory over wake forest on saturday.
4			computer	failure	hacking	technology	problem	innovation	competition	linux			fixing a busted it research system james foley, chairman of the computing research association, says major trouble stalks the nation's technology education pipeline.
3			statistics	revenue	sale	finance	profit	competition	money	earnings	industry			ea reports higher quarterly profits no. 1 video game maker electronic arts inc on tuesday reported higher quarterly profits on strong demand for titles like madden nfl 2005, but its stock price fell after a holiday forecast fell short of wall street expectations.
4			network	mobility	trend	privacy	technology	broadband	internet	telecommunication			study: voip to proliferate in us households the number of us households that use net phone technology is expected to reach 12 million by 2009, a new study has shown. about 17 percent of all broadband homes in the united states will use web telephony
2			baseball	history	life	soccer	basketball	sport	football			football takes on added meaning at navy forty years is a long time. it 's a long time if you re in the desert with moses by biblical reckoning, the first man to fail to ask for directions and it 's a long time
4			electronics	car	technology	weapon	everything	gift	gun	money	security			neiman marcus book features pricey gifts jeff wasson thumbed the steel visor higher on his forehead so he could see out from under his suit of armor. it would be a great gift for the executive who has everything, wasson said of the shiny suit, which weighs 65 pounds.
2			baseball	history	giant	fan	sport	nfl	football	win	jet			jets go into bye week with sense of accomplishment so the new york jets won their first two games. big deal, right? for this franchise, it is huge. the jets are 2 0 for just the eighth time since the team 's inception in 1960.
4			network	connectivity	ethernet	technology	switching	networking	ibm	switch			hp to sell voltaire's infiniband switch signs deal to resell cluster related switches that employ the high speed networking technology.
3			politics	news	america	business	marketing	greed	advertising	money			casting its net doubleclick, the one time darling of dot com advertising, is on the block, the post has learned. doubleclick, which has seen its fortunes steadily decline since the internet
4			business	biotechnology	technology	option	pharmaceuticals	energy	money	security	industry			rayovac nears deal for united industries battery maker rayovac corp. is close to a deal to acquire privately held united industries corp., a maker of lawn and garden products, for about $ 476 million in cash and stock in a bid to diversify its product mix, sources close to the situation said on monday.
3			acquisition	marketing	shareholder	company	market	growth	bankruptcy	competition	consolidation			halliburton mulling fate of kbr halliburton will restructure its kellogg, brown and root subsidiary and may even sell the business should it continue to underperform rivals.
4			privacy	technology	regulation	communication	telecommunication	terrorism	security			fcc cuts public line to phone outage data the federal communications commission, citing concerns about national security, has abandoned a 10 year old policy and will no longer give the public access to information about past telephone network outages.
4			computer	application	linux	technology	ibm	intel	computing	server			ibm throws an opteron party ibm on thursday unveiled its second advanced micro devices opteron based server, which the company hopes is ready for when amd releases its dual core processors.
3			business	sport	marketing	company	growth	profit	corporation	competition	money			russell's a good sport if it can keep integrating buys and grow profits, this looks like a company worth holding.
3			business	ceo	retirement	technology	shareholder	fraud	finance	bankruptcy	money	industry			ex polaroid exec takes top finance job at 3com donald halsted, one target of a class action suit alleging financial improprieties at bankrupt polaroid, officially becomes cfo.
1			election	politics	war	democracy	voting	iran	iraq	afghanistan	terrorism			more u.s. troops to go to iraq for elections iraq's president on wednesday insisted elections should go ahead next month as planned and the united states said it would send thousands more soldiers to provide extra security for the ballot.
4			computer	hacking	software	privacy	technology	encryption	vulnerability	microsoft	security			microsoft ceo: hackers getting smarter microsoft corp.'s chief executive believes it's naive to suggest the software giant can eliminate all security vulnerabilities in its various products even though engineers are trying hard to do so.
4			concept	virus	linux	software	security	idea			concept virus works on amd64 virus writers have created a proof of concept file infector specifically for machines that run advanced micro devices inc. 's amd64 64 bit processors, antivirus companies said yesterday.
2			coaching	baseball	television	espn	basketball	conference	sport	athletics	golf	football			mountain west changes tv networks mountain west conference football and basketball games will move from espn to college sports television in the fall of 2006.
3			travel	business	name	technology	marketing	company	google			icann moves to approve .travel and .post the two new names reflect a bit of a shift in the naming structure, since they are designed for specific business or interest groups.
1			politics	barnes	money			odd man out in u.s. inquiry into fannie mae the 211 page report that was released on wednesday by the fannie mae regulatory agency has put roger l. barnes in the spotlight.
2			baseball	statistics	hockey	espn	sport	football	tennis	competition			reebok 's third quarter earnings jump sports and fitness products company reebok international ltd. on thursday said third quarter sales rose 12 percent, driven by its acquisition of hockey co.
1			politics	election	china	corruption	strategy	rumor	propaganda			china 's annual communist party policy meeting begins amid rumors ... leaders of china 's communist party have opened a four day plenum amid reports of internal jockeying between supporters of president hu jintao and former president jiang zemin.
4			cable	privacy	technology	wireless	ip	internet	bandwidth	broadband	telecommunication	patent			fcc asks supreme court to rule on broadband the federal communications commission fcc has asked the supreme court to hear an appeal that could determine whether cable broadband providers can be forced to open their networks to other internet providers.
3			news	trade	economics	market	stock	finance	competition	money			dj to acquire marketwatch dow jones co., publisher of the wall street journal, says it has agreed to buy online news site marketwatch inc. in a $ 519 million deal that widens its internet audience.
4			electronics	flash	device	usb	technology	storage	samsung	memory	linux			samsung develops tiny memory card samsung electronics has developed an ultra small, fingernail sized digital imaging flash memory card that is less than one third the size of existing memory cards.
4			electronics	network	privacy	wireless	broadband	internet	technology	advertising	networking			broadcom covers more area no one every said wi fi was perfect. it suffers from difficult setup, questionable security, interferences from appliances, and doesn 't always stretch its signal as far as advertised.
4			mobile	india	mobility	technology	smartphone	nokia	phone	industry			global mobile phone sales set new records sales of mobile phones took off in the second quarter, fueled in large part by replacement purchases in some regions of the world and a growing number of new users in developing markets, according to research firm gartner.
4			pc	computer	privacy	technology	protection	encryption	pcs	security	windows			home pcs not as protected as owners think much more so than the average home pc user realizes. that notion, widely held in the tech industry, is borne out
4			network	connectivity	ethernet	technology	nokia	wireless	networking	intel	linux			intel strikes up tri band wireless technology for centrino intel, looking to maintain mind share and market share in the mobile pc space, said thursday it will begin shipping new, tri band wireless functionality in its centrino platform next month and will boost software and security support.
4			electronics	tracking	radar	laser	technology	sensor	robot			logitech launches laser tracking mouse device is the first of its kind and can work on most surfaces, company claims.
2			doping	gaming	basketball	sport	gymnastics	fear			angry fans in gymnastics protest they were expressing their frustration at what turned into the latest of several games gymnastics judging controversies. in a surreal scene unlike anything gymnastics veterans had ever encountered, jeers and
2			mlb	baseball	yankee	espn	bat	sport	football	tv			yankees' closing acts resolve all plot twists it was a surreal and stomach turning night for the yankees against the minnesota twins on thursday, and when it ended, it was also a successful night.
4			electronics	computer	manufacturing	chip	technology	performance	semiconductor	silicon	speed			amd and ibm claim 24 per cent chip speed breakthrough a new faster version 'strained silicon has been developed by ibm and amd. the companies are claiming that the resulting transistors are up to 24 per cent faster than existing processes.
2			coaching	baseball	basketball	athletics	sport	recruiting	football	coach	compensation			new mexico state fires coach tony samuel new mexico state coach tony samuel was fired wednesday after leading the aggies to just two winning seasons in eight years.
4			electronics	arm	manufacturing	technology	semiconductor	innovation	patent	silicon	industry			arm buys us semiconductor group artisan for $ 913 million arm said the deal would better position the combined company to take advantage of growth opportunities across multiple industries as the process of designing semiconductors grows increasingly complex.
4			computer	hacking	software	privacy	technology	networking	ai	computing			yikes! i have to plan an it project after covering technology for two decades, computerworld's sharon machlis gets a taste of life on the it side of the house when she joins a committee designing and selecting software for a content management upgrade.
4			electronics	computer	manufacturing	technology	car	tech	hp	patent	industry			hp rolls out new consumer electronics hewlett packard co., one of the top private employers in greater sacramento, on friday rolled out an array of new products to expand into consumer digital entertainment and digital photography categories, including a home theater computer and its own
1			election	politics	president	democracy	money			four more years of bcs frustration and you thought our nation 's president was a polarizing figure at least he had 59 million supporters chanting four more years on election night.
4			electronics	business	mobility	germany	technology	nokia	siemens	security	industry			siemens to decide fate of mobile phone unit in january german electronics giant siemens could decide on the future of its mobile phone manufacturing division as early as next month, a company spokesman said.
2			coaching	baseball	history	basketball	mr	sport	athletics	football	coach			illini hope to reinvigorate football program with zook illinois confirmed tuesday it is turning to ron zook to reinvigorate its struggling football program. the school scheduled an afternoon news conference to introduce the former florida
2			politics	athens	olympics	olympic	sport	swimming	competition			dynamic duo grab double glory athens: new zealand doubled its olympic medal tally in sensational style yesterday as hamish carter and bevan docherty blitzed the men 's triathlon to plunder gold and silver on the athens waterfront.
1			politics	election	war	democracy	violence	conflict	terrorism	haiti	genocide			martin says violence preventing democracy from taking hold in ... prime minister paul martin 's one day visit to haiti has not produced any new foreign aid commitments, but it did prompt martin to warn his hosts that democracy will never flourish in an atmosphere where people are afraid for their lives
4			mobile	mobility	cellular	technology	telecommunication	spectrum	carrier	sprint			sprinting toward voip telecom network operator sprint quote, chart will provide voip services to cable operator mediacom communications under a multi year deal announced today.
4			electronics	battery	computer	chip	technology	networking	silicon	industry			amd sketches out new high end, low end chips consumer electronics, new chips and name calling were all on tap at friday's amd analyst meeting.
1			politics	election	diplomacy	security	diplomat	china	corruption	scandal	terrorism	ethics			first diplomatic note of un history to annan united nations un personnel will prepare the first motion of non confidence in the organization 's history against un secretary general kofi annan, who has faced a series of scandals.
4			mobile	network	mobility	wireless	technology	telecommunication	carrier			cingular closes $ 41 bln att wireless deal cingular wireless on tuesday closed its $ 41 billion cash purchase of at wireless services inc. awe , creating the biggest us mobile service with more than 46 million customers.
1			politics	america	election	agenda	bush	american	policy			americans still concerned about bush agenda, poll shows americans are optimistic about the next four years, but they have reservations about president bush's agenda.
1			politics	election	democracy	voting	polling	poll	iran	iraq	afghanistan			leaders say all of iraq may not vote iraq 's vice president conceded saturday that voting might not be possible in all parts of the country when elections are held in in january.
3			statistics	business	ceo	investor	investing	financial	finance	money	merger			red hat appoints new cfo red hat has appointed its cfo to replace the sudden departure of kevin thompson two months ago. charlie peters is the new head of finance at the leading linux distributor and takes the title executive vice president and chief financial officer.
4			industry	chip	california	china	intel	technology	mexico	silicon	linux			intel brings n.mexico jobs, pollution a 15 year tax break that secured intel corp.'s ongoing investment in the state of new mexico has rekindled a heated debate over the ability of a poor u.s. state to regulate the world's largest chip maker.
4			technology	marketing	company	blog	innovation	advertising	idea	journalism			madison avenue ponders the potential of web logs advertising agencies and communications professionals are using blogs to create discussion about ideas within their industries.
3			revenue	stock	growth	profit	loss	risk	competition	money	earnings			morgan stanley profit falls 34 percent u.s. investment bank morgan stanley on wednesday said quarterly profit dropped 34 percent amid reduced trading revenue, falling well short of wall street's already lowered expectations and pushing the company's shares down more than 8 percent.
4			computer	aviation	privacy	technology	wireless	broadband	internet	telecommunication	networking			fcc to allow wireless access on planes federal regulators voted wednesday to give airline passengers high speed internet connections while they fly.
1			politics	america	election	revolution	violence	democracy	mexico	washington	terrorism	change			amid protests, fox touts successes mexico leader tries to reassure nation amid a welter of mass demonstrations and political conflicts, president vicente fox used his annual state of the union address yesterday to try to assure mexicans that their raucous, evolving democracy is on the right path.
3			business	acquisition	biotechnology	technology	company	patent	research	industry			cyberonics shares jumps on stock buy advanced neuromodulation systems inc. reported friday that it purchased 3.5 million shares of cyberonics inc., taking a 14.9 percent stake in the houston based medical device maker, and expressed an interest in combining the two companies.
4			science	nano	biotechnology	technology	energy	innovation	research	cancer	industry			nanotech research spending seen reaching $ 8.6 bln worldwide research and development spending in the emerging field of nanotechnology should rise about 10 percent this year to $ 8.6 billion, a research firm said on monday.
2			britain	england	cycling	olympics	athletics	sport	london	football	event			londons chances improve britains middle distance great sebastian coe, chairman of the london 2012 bid committee, insisted that the english capital has closed ground on leading rivals paris and madrid in its bid to host the olympic games.
3			windows	employee	business	microsoft	enterprise	email	industry			microsoft delays sp2 auto update for enterprises although monday was supposed to be the day when microsoft began pushing windows xp service pack 2 sp2 to enterprises, it changed its mind at the last minute and delayed the automatic updating for more than a ...
4			science	engineering	research	technology	engineer	university	education	physics			many engineers lack a four year degree more than one fifth of us science and engineering workers do not have a bachelor 's degree, according to a new report from the national science foundation.
4			electronics	battery	computer	safety	technology	car	power	vehicle			hi, i'm your car. don't let me distract you. automakers are pitching hands free technology as a safe way to rein in the expanding clutter of gadgetry, but these devices are probably not as safe as you think.
4			china	europe	technology	tech	finance	strategy	innovation	industry			tech spending looks up in asia, e.europe spending in eastern europe and asia is expected to lead a recovery in the global technology market over the next three years, according to an industry report released tuesday.
2			coaching	basketball	sport	race	recruiting	football	coach	washington	color			two high profile black coaches for huskies tyrone willingham and lorenzo romar are recognized as accomplished college coaches, the biggest reason washington administrators are glad to have them working the sidelines.
4			application	neon	api	technology	patent	availability	security	windows			in brief: neon systems acquires clientsoft neon systems, a provider of mainframe integration solutions for microsoft .net and java applications, has acquired clientsoft for $ 10.5 million in cash and the rights to purchase 1.1 million shares of neon stock. the privately held clientsoft specializes in secure, high performance integration solutions for mainframe web services. the purchase, which adds 180 customers to neon's base of 300 customers, brings together neon's shadow z services and clientsoft's servicebuilder product lines and should provide customers with a robust set of solutions to support service oriented architectures soas .
4			hardware	storage	technology	quantum	performance	time	patent	security			quantum buys certance for $ 60m tape storage vendor quantum corp. announced this week that it has acquired certance llc, a maker of a competing tape drive technology for $ 60 million in cash.
3			revenue	business	technology	finance	profit	patent	industry			first profit since 2000 for lucent telecommunications equipment maker recorded its first annual profit fueled by rapid growth in its wireless telephone division.
4			computer	mac	hardware	technology	bug	apple	speed	computing	linux			for sgi supercomputer, a record setting day with new rankings due soon, sgi, ibm and others jostle for bragging rights. also: speedy mac system gets speedier.
4			mobile	television	technology	broadband	telecommunication	tv	phone	media			hi tech phones sent tv channels digital television channels are to be transmitted straight to hi tech mobile telephones in a uk first.
4			mobile	device	mobility	technology	smartphone	nokia	siemens	wireless	telecommunication			siemens claims wireless speed record german vendor develops experimental system that transmits data at 1 gbps using a new antenna system and ofdm. by mobile pipeline news.
3			product	price	sale	marketing	target	stock	pricing	targeting	retail			target can aim high target can maintain its discount image while offering pricier services and merchandise.
4			investing	technology	economics	company	tech	finance	innovation	industry			techs lead nikkei 's rally tokyo 's nikkei 225 average is almost 1.4 percent higher in afternoon trade monday as investors take a cue from gains in us technology stocks, snapping up toshiba, hitachi and other lagging high tech issues.
3			manufacturing	production	unemployment	plant	growth	factory	productivity	industry			factories bright spot amid output growth u.s. industrial production growth nearly stalled last month as cool weather led to a drop in electrical output, which obscured a strong performance at factories, a federal reserve report showed on wednesday.
2			baseball	culture	television	music	sport	nfl	football	tv			showtime for abc we like to think tonight's patriots colts nfl opener ch. 5, 9 o'clock is all about football. that concept will be put to the test when a tsunami of pop culture rolls into our living rooms during the pregame nfl opening kickoff show at 8.
4			electronics	battery	computer	chip	intel	technology	money	silicon	linux			intel slashes notebook computer chip prices if you re in the market for a new notebook computer it 's your lucky day, intel has announced a major price cut on its chips for mobile notebooks.
1			politics	america	election	bush	terrorism	money			sen. zell miller to be gop keynote speaker get ready for some more zell zingers from the political convention in new york. but this time, a bush will be the beneficiary, not the target.
4			computer	business	privacy	technology	microsoft	advertising	money	security			microsoft 's open sesame moment when you re a company under the watchful eye of governments around the globe for being the 800 pound gorilla of the computer industry, it helps to play nice.
4			computer	privacy	technology	broadband	internet	money	speed			livewire: beep! beep! ultra fast broadband is here for rainer kinnunen, life has been a bit of a blur since he signed up for a superhigh speed internet service three years ago.
1			politics	election	australia	violence	democracy	terrorism	money	fear			coalition presses the fear button the divisions rending australia in the general election campaign hardened yesterday as prime minister john howard slipped out through a rear entrance to avoid hundreds of chanting protesters picketing brisbane 's city hall.
2			coaching	boxing	injury	baseball	basketball	sport	football	detroit	nba	pistons			artest expresses regret over brawl with detroit fans indiana pacers forward ron artest has admitted that he regrets charging into the stands to fight detroit pistons fans last friday, sparking an ugly brawl that led to his suspension for the rest of the season.
3			job	inflation	trade	company	stock	finance	profit	oil	money	industry			stocks turn higher as oil hits record high stocks enjoyed a late day rally wednesday to finish higher despite a new record price for oil and gloomy third quarter outlooks from several companies. volume was relatively light as investors awaited the government's jobs creation report at the end of the week...
3			job	manager	business	management	marketing	greed	strategy	money			citigroup 's curious exec exchange the giant 's cfo and smith barney 's chief swap jobs a regular rotation for managers on the rise or damage control in advance?
4			product	electronics	amazon	technology	tech	equipment	patent	industry			vonage in deal with cisco in subscriber push internet phone service vonage on tuesday said it has struck a deal with cisco systems inc. csco.o: quote, profile, research to sell vonage ready equipment at hundreds of retail stores in a bid to boost new subscriptions.
4			chip	security	computer	technology			itanium inventor bobs to surface as chip's savior? exclusive secure64 to the rescue
4			transportation	engineering	aviation	biotechnology	technology	mathematics	architecture	engineer	education	physics			harvard plans major engineering expansion harvard university is planning a major expansion of its engineering program, including a 67 percent increase in the size of the faculty and the possible establishment of a separate school.
2			politics	baseball	basketball	sport	football	money			when it comes to the playoffs, the more the merrier is my ... of all the changes in sports, the one that fundamentalists have the hardest time accepting is the addition of the wild card in baseball.
2			coaching	baseball	college	cheating	basketball	sport	recruiting	football	tech			randall rallies no. 22 va. tech virginia tech just couldn 't seem to get going. there were turnovers. there were botched plays. there were missed opportunities.
2			coaching	baseball	bc	espn	soccer	basketball	sport	football			turnaround propels eagles boston college had been given an early quarterfinal boot from the big east tournament by the university of connecticut three weeks ago, but thanks to sophomore back sam brill, whose family lives about a mile and a half from bc's home soccer field, it was the eagles who prevailed by the same score of 1 0 yesterday afternoon in the second ...
4			television	software	privacy	technology	microsoft	internet	telecommunication	tv	windows			report: sbc sets tv deal with microsoft sbc communications, the no. 2 u.s. telecommunications company, has agreed to pay 400 million to microsoft corp. for software that can deliver television via high speed data lines, the new york times reported on wednesday.
3			acquisition	recovery	company	restructuring	growth	finance	profit	bankruptcy	money			update 2: clorox profit declines on restructuring the clorox co., the maker of clorox bleach, brita water filters and other consumer products, tuesday posted a 5 percent drop in profit for its latest quarter as it restructured some operations.
4			linux	chip	hardware	technology	power	performance	speed	silicon	reliability			amd's dual core performance boost though about the same size, the forthcoming dual core opteron will be up to 55 percent faster than today's single core chips, amd says.
4			data	software	technology	transaction	stock	market	finance	analytics	security			sungard spins off data availability unit sungard data systems will spin off its data recovery business as a separate company. the company 's software and services unit handles most trades on the nasdaq stock exchange.
1			election	politics	rating	australia	democracy	speculation	race	corruption	money			howard tipped to win as polls open a relaxed prime minister john howard ignored taunts and jeers of liar, liar as he cast his vote in sydney on saturday in an australian election tipped to see him win a fourth term of government.
2			baseball	history	chicago	sport	nfl	football	rivalry			fast forward: nfl week 7 breakdown it will never be yankees red sox, but this may very well be the best rivalry in the nfl. all the big ones bears packers, redskins cowboys, steelers browns, broncos raiders have lost some of their luster
1			politics	election	governance	beijing	democracy	china	corruption	cpc	leadership			document on cpc governance capability issued the communist party of china cpc sunday published a major policy document on enhancing the party 's governance capability, stressing it is a major strategic subject with a bearing on the success of china 's socialist cause, the future and destiny of the
4			industry	computer	asia	india	china	technology	tech	intel	security	linux			intel drives tech sell off as data looms a sell off in tech stocks following intel corp.'s disappointing outlook pushed asian shares lower on friday, overpowering pockets of strength in some financial, consumer and industrial issues.
4			computer	linux	collaboration	technology	networking	ibm	computing	windows			new orion workstation puts cluster in a box a new company thinks it has the answer for scientists and engineers looking for high performance computing on the desktop.
4			java	collaboration	work	software	project	development	tool	linux			jboss unveils work flow engine the product represents the next stage in the company's strategy to build a full open source middleware stack.
4			network	technology	telecom	telecommunication	future	industry			flexitronics acquires india 's future software singapore based electronics contract maker flexitronics has acquired telecom software solutions firm future software ltd for an undisclosed amount.
2			baseball	history	navy	basketball	athletics	sport	recruiting	defense	football	army			navy pounds army kyle eckel rushed for a career high 179 yards and a touchdown to lead the navy midshipmen to a 42 13 rout of the army black knights in the 105th meeting of the storied rivalry between the service academies from lincoln
4			electronics	computer	manufacturing	hardware	software	technology	patent	intel	industry			intel puts more money in digital home the chipmaker announces new investments in five firms working on digital home related software and hardware.
4			electronics	computer	software	car	technology	apple	security	linux			thinnest imac ever makes paris debut a lot of people are going to ask, where did the computer go? says phil schiller, apple 's senior vice president of worldwide product marketing.
2			statistics	sport	football	baltimore	quarterback			nfl games on tv baltimore 5 3 vs. ny jets 6 2 when, where: sunday, 1 p.m., at east rutherford, n.j. tv: ch. 4. last meeting: ravens won, 34 20, in 2002. comments: jets quarterback chad pennington is out 2 4 weeks with a strained right rotator cuff, leaving quincy carter under center against the man eating ravens fifth in total defense, allowing 281 yards per game . pennington was ...
4			arm	manufacturing	chip	technology	patent	aerospace	silicon	industry			arm offers $ 913 million for chip component firm u.k. semiconductor design company arm holdings plc has agreed to acquire a sunnyvale, california, provider of components for chip manufacturing in a deal valued at around $ 913 million in cash and stock.
4			network	technology	wireless	networking	google			qualcomm to build wireless media network wireless chipmaker qualcomm inc. qcom.o: quote, profile, research on monday said it plans to build a national high speed network to deliver video and audio programming
1			politics	election	democracy	california	power	money	fear			big week ahead for bay area in legislature in an 11th hour twist, the bay area is at the epicenter of political quakes that jolted lawmakers over the weekend and will rock the legislature 's annual frenzied wrap up this week.
4			mobile	electronics	music	wireless	technology	tech	innovation	phone			array of cool innovations showcased at mobile tech show as co stars of an elite, wireless oriented tech show they were improbable indeed: a weed whacker, a blender and a boombox. their decibel assault at this year's 6th annual demomobile show was the perfect foil for its most celebrated product, a noise canceling cell phone headset called jawbone.
4			network	city	privacy	technology	wireless	broadband	internet	networking	google			philly plans to become one big hot spot city will build the world's largest mesh wi fi network to spread internet access.
3			p	share	business	price	shareholder	distribution	merger			m s share buyback set at 332 380p troubled retailer m s is offering 332 380p a share in a 2.3bn buyback scheme less than philip green offered for control of the group.
4			computer	technology	storage	performance	archive	networking	memory	linux			adic combines disk, tape in new storage appliance advanced digital information adic has announced a mid level storage system that combines disk and tape in a single appliance, the pathlight vx 2.0.
2			boxing	doping	olympics	judo	athletics	sport	football	greece	athlete			greece shamed again at their own games the greeks were shamed again at their own olympics on sunday when bronze medal weightlifter leonidas sampanis was kicked out after failing a dope test.
4			science	wikipedia	statistics	computer	privacy	technology	internet	information	networking			eyetrack service lets us look at you looking at us you may not devote a great deal of thought to just how you go about digesting the content of web pages, but it can be of vital interest to the designer of a web site. eyetrack introduces visitors to both the means and results of measuring our most fundamental interaction with the internet.
1			election	politics	australia	polling	race	candidate	strategy	leadership	politician			australian opposition leader to win campaign but lose election: analysts australian labor party leader mark latham may be tipped to lose saturday's election but he is being seen as a winner regardless of the outcome after a strong campaign performance marked him out as one of the leading politicians of his generation.
4			ibm	application	linux	collaboration	technology	microsoft	patent	email	industry			peoplesoft, ibm strike $ 1b deal for middleware san franciscopeoplesoft inc. on tuesday announced an expanded relationship with ibm that will effectively add a middleware infrastructure layer to peoplesoft 's applications.
4			computer	graphic	linux	hardware	technology	performance	color	computing	windows			tul introduces its latest powercolor xpress 200 pci e mainboard on ... as any experienced gamer would know, current pc games demand more and more graphics power to run. the powercolor xpress 200 fulfils the needs of high graphics performance and limited budget for users.
4			data	privacy	storage	technology	information	networking	analytics	email			emc debuts e mail consolidation zdnet 's survey of it professionals in august kept data management as the seventh in rank for the past two months. emc announced on wednesday e mail management and storage targeted at midsized companies.
4			computer	manufacturing	chip	technology	performance	semiconductor	memory	silicon	security	industry			hynix 's 3q profit more than triples south korea 's hynix semiconductor inc. said monday its third quarter net profit more than tripled from same period last year thanks to steady global prices for memory chips.
1			politics	election	democracy	donation	people	religion	ethics	money	education			actblue lets anyone be pac man voters who feel disempowered by political fat cats have a new option: a website that allows individuals to create their own political action committee. now anyone can be a professional democratic fund raiser. by daniel terdiman.
2			overtime	baseball	retaliation	espn	sport	football	revenge			colgate given the brushoff revenge was the theme of the night when the university of massachusetts hosted colgate at mcguirk stadium last night.
4			mobile	music	technology	smartphone	samsung	phone			samsung streams on sprint with mm a700 samsung 's latest phone offers streaming video and audio, including from major old media companies, along with a megapixel camera.
3			business	airline	marketing	company	greed	profit	competition	money	merger			company focus follow the dinosaurs to airline profits as the big carriers sink into the ooze, their smaller cousins are poised to benefit greatly if the big guys trouble doesn 't pull them under, too.
4			computer	electricity	technology	solar	power	energy	sun	computing	linux			sun has its head in the clouds sun has a laudable vision of the future of utility computing, where organisations with extra processing power can sell it back to a computing grid in the same manner that homes with solar panels can sell power back to the electrical power grid.
4			computer	privacy	microsoft	technology	company	tech	innovation			microsoft, intel spread digital joy companies are teaming up to bring their technology to your living room.
4			network	chip	ethernet	connectivity	technology	broadband	wireless	networking			airgo says linksys to use chips for wireless gear airgo networks said on monday the linksys unit of cisco system inc. will use its chips in equipment for high speed wireless networking, bolstering support for the start up chip maker's technology.
3			ceo	company	stock	growth	profit	finance	corporation	competition	money			citigroup profit rises 13 percent citigroup inc. on thursday said third quarter profit rose 13 percent, topping most wall street forecasts, as growth in consumer businesses offset declining stock and bond market revenue.
2			baseball	team	sport	football	money			the short of it, teams are equal no matter what you want to believe, they simply do not take the losses home like you do. certainly, they do not bring them back the next day, not the red sox stats, schedule nor
3			statistics	revenue	trend	profit	finance	money	industry			national semi quarterly profit rises national semiconductor corp. , a maker of chips used to manage power consumption in electronics, on thursday said quarterly profit rose, helped by a one time gain and a tax benefit, and it forecast a smaller than usual sales decline in the current quarter.
1			election	politics	democracy	voting	voter	money			voters see both sides online are right leaning voters spending all their online time on are left leaning voters locked into the like minded talkingpointsmemo.
4			dell	computer	software	technology	hp	networking	silicon	intel	linux			rumors buzz again about dell considering amd rumors that dell may be considering advanced micro devices' server chips are again causing a stir.
4			mobile	technology	smartphone	nokia	ios	phone			nokia launching 6670 business phone nokia unveiled a mobile phone for business users on thursday that incorporates a camera with a megapixel resolution, beefing up a patchy handset portfolio that has cost it market share.
4			computer	pc	china	technology	microsoft	ibm	pcs	computing	linux			report: ibm selling its pc business china's largest maker of pcs is one of the potential buyers, newspaper says.
3			business	newsletter	marketing	greed	money	email			cite reg cite in free cash'n'carrion sign up for newsletter, get virgin plonk voucher
2			coaching	rating	baseball	statistics	basketball	sport	defense	scoring	football	number			nfl: seattle st. louis under 43 with a posted total of 42 or higher a the home team is off of a home win the road team scored 24 or more points their last game and the road team played a close gameeither lost by five or less or won by 10 or less, its gone under 27 5.
2			ecuador	baseball	game	gaming	china	sport	football	chess			photo 8 of 8: global gamers clash for cash $ 2.5 million in prize money is on the line as gamers from uzbekistan to ecuador compete in the world cyber games.
3			politics	family	business	ceo	investor	retirement	bankruptcy	money	privatization			onechicago ceo and chairman rainer announces resignation william rainer, recruited in 2001 to lead the chicago financial markets venture into the trading of single stock futures, said thursday he 's resigning to spend more time on family owned enterprises.
4			industry	electronics	computer	linux	manufacturing	hardware	software	microsoft	technology	sony			sony begins mass production of oled screens com september 14, 2004, 10:45 am pt. with the economy slowly turning up, upgrading hardware has been on businesses radar in the past 12 months as their number two priority.
2			coaching	retirement	sport	nfl	football	player	division	lion			lions' porcher accepting diminished role robert porcher knows his nfl career is heading toward the end.
1			politics	election	pm	government	democracy	crisis	power	terrorism			missile shield talks lose lose case for pm there are times in the life of a minority government when the biggest hurdle on the horizon is not a vote it stands to lose but rather one it can 't avoid winning.
2			baseball	hockey	basketball	sport	boston	football	detroit	money	banking			looking for a sign with bank of america corp. giving up on putting its name on the home of the boston celtics and boston bruins, how would liberty center or cvs forum sound?
4			mobility	connectivity	aviation	connection	technology	switching	switch			concerto buys rockwell unit it 's the end of an era for both outbound and inbound call centers when concerto acquires the venerable firstpoint contact switch making operation from rockwell.
4			computer	chip	intel	technology	apple	semiconductor	silicon	linux			nvidia to create chipset for intel intel corp. has signed a cross licensing agreement with nvidia corp. that would allow the 3 d graphics chipmaker to start selling chipsets for pcs that use intel 's microprocessors, the companies said friday.
4			computer	linux	hardware	unix	software	technology	microsoft	windows			q a: microsoft's linux strategist martin taylor with a year under his belt as microsoft corp.'s chief linux strategist, martin taylor has a lot to say about where he sees linux going and how microsoft plans to compete with the open source operating system.
4			mobile	device	storage	technology	smartphone	samsung	linux			samsung sph v5400 with 1.5 gb hard drive while most mobile phones are lucky to have 4 mb of ram to store user data, samsung 's new sph v5400 phone offers a whopping 1.5 gb of storage courtesy of its integrated mini hard drive.
3			business	investor	shareholder	greed	litigation	fraud	finance	bankruptcy	money	merger			report lehman near deal on enron lawsuits lehman brothers holdings inc. is close to settling a class action lawsuit for $ 220 million stemming from allegations that it colluded with other brokerages to mislead enron corp. shareholders, the wall street journal reported on thursday.
3			america	business	greed	bank	bankruptcy	money	banking			bank says it's gaining customers since merger thousands of new customers across the northeast are flocking to bank of america corp. , chief executive kenneth d. lewis said yesterday, despite a wave of bad publicity over layoffs and other business decisions.
3			business	ceo	speculation	privacy	technology	shareholder	strategy	finance	money	security			report: symantec in talks with veritas symantec corp.'s reported interest in acquiring veritas software corp. for more than 13 billion would represent the computer security giant's biggest step yet beyond its core businesses of defending against viruses and thwarting hackers. investors weren't impressed, though, and symantec's shares plunged 16 percent.
4			product	electronics	nano	technology	semiconductor	silicon	sony			sony, toshiba to launch digital appliances with super chips in ... sony corp. and toshiba corp. said monday they will launch digital consumer appliances with highly advanced semiconductors in 2006.
2			hockey	volleyball	athletics	sport	germany	football	canada	woman			german women grab hockey gold the women 's hockey team secured germany 's tenth gold medal at athens in a sensational surprise victory over the netherlands.
2			coaching	baseball	injury	retirement	basketball	sport	recruiting	football	money			ogunleye remains idled in contract talks idled by a stalemate in contract negotiations, pro bowl defensive end adewale ogunleye can only wonder where he'll be come september.
2			game	disability	olympics	athletics	sport	athlete	paralympics	paralympic	event			athens throws paralympic party for largest games ever more than 3,800 disabled athletes gathered friday for the opening ceremony of the largest paralympics in the games 44 year history.
4			electronics	manufacturing	technology	power	performance	innovation	semiconductor	silicon	intel			intel 65 nanometer chip to use less power intel 's 65 nanometer process technology will not be very different from its 90 nanometer process technology, which should help make for a smoother transition between the two manufacturing techniques in 2005, according to an intel manufacturing executive.
4			ibm	computer	pc	dell	technology	networking	patent	pcs	security	linux			dell expands consumer services to spyware, peripherals a new 24 hour help desk will cover non dell or non pc problems for a charge.
4			mobility	ethernet	aviation	wireless	nokia	technology	apple	speed			apple unveils fastest ibook g4 apple has unveiled, what it calls the fastest, most affordable ibook g4 ever for consumers and education customers. the latest ibook features a built in airport extreme 54 mbps 802.
1			politics	election	democracy	kabul	polling	iran	iraq	afghanistan			karzai coasts to silent victory afghanistan 's vote count slowed as it drew to completion on monday, a day after incumbent leader hamid karzai secured a landslide win in preliminary results.
4			acquisition	business	privacy	technology	strategy	networking	security			frontbridge fills archiving gaps frontbridge technologies put its best foot forward with an acquisition and the launch of a new managed service, the company said monday.
3			business	trend	technology	finance	competition	industry			nextel 3q profit rises, boosts 2004 view wireless communications service provider nextel communications inc. on friday posted 69 percent growth in third quarter earnings based on demand across its business sectors, and raised its outlook for 2004.
4			mobile	network	broadband	nokia	technology	telecommunication	phone			vodafone rolls out 3g mobile phone after a four year wait, billions of pounds spent on licences and numerous delays, vodafone finally rolled out mass market third generation 3g mobile telephone services on wednesday.
2			medal	doping	olympics	basketball	judo	sport	football	competition			this gold tarnished federation rules that judges mistake cost s. korea 's yang a victory, but hamm gets to keep medal. athens, greece paul hamm was erroneously awarded the gold medal in the men 's all around wednesday night because
1			politics	violence	war	greed	strategy	terrorism	money			american account: irwin stelzer: crackdown by spitzer doesnt go ... just when the financial services industry thought it had made peace with new yorks attorney general, eliot spitzer showed that his battle with the investment banks had whetted rather than sated his appetite for combat.
4			electronics	computer	linux	manufacturing	technology	hp	patent	consumer	computing	industry			hp unveils cavalcade of consumer products hewlett packard co. is unveiling a broad new line of consumer electronics products and peripherals, including its first plasma and lcd tvs, new inks that purportedly print long lasting photos, new paper, a clutch of printers and multifunction devices, and a home theater projector with an integrated dvd player.
1			election	politics	president	history	campaign	cheney	romney	candidate	republican			presidential campaign to nov. 2, 2004 the following diary of events leading up to the presidential election on nov. 2.
1			election	politics	democracy	zimbabwe	political	corruption	electoral	afghanistan	africa			zimbabwe 's opposition threatens to boycott elections zimbabwe 's main opposition party movement for democratic change mdc has threatened to boycott all elections in the country until the government implements real electoral
1			politics	ads	election	campaign	advertisement	polling	ad	strategy	advertising	commercial			john kerry's staggered two month ad plan john kerry's campaign has bought or reserved airtime in 20 states to run ads between now and nov. 2. his commercials are slated to start in each state and media market on a staggered basis, and in some states they may not run at all.
3			politics	success	business	ceo	management	marketing	strategy	ethics	leadership			new mcdonald 's chief vows to keep strategy unchanged the new chief executive of the mcdonald 's corporation, james a. skinner, promised yesterday to continue the positive momentum the company has had for the last 18 months and make no significant
4			virus	computer	hacking	hardware	privacy	technology	encryption	security	linux			ibm fits pcs with new hardware based security chip ibm corp. has begun using new security hardware from national semiconductor corp. in its desktop pcs in an effort to fend off viruses and hackers.
3			politics	business	china	money	bank	finance	competition	free	banking			hsbc to bid on korea bank report hsbc holdings plc is in seeking to gain controlling interest in korea first bank, according to a published report. free! sign up here to receive our midday market report e newsletter!
4			mobile	electronics	technology	smartphone	nokia	patent	phone			gizmondo creator touts smart phone scheme it 's only just started shipping its gizmondo handheld games console but tiger telematics has already said it plans to challenge the likes of nokia, sony ericsson, motorola, htc, palmone and research in motion with a smart phone product.
4			electronics	computer	digital	technology	evolution	tech	time	innovation			a digital generation's analog chic yesterday's technology designs are becoming popular among those in their teens and 20's eager to usher back a time they experienced only barely, if at all.
3			store	business	sale	shop	shopping	retail	bankruptcy	money			buyers, even browsers, mourn store's final sale to shop at birke's department store in its heyday was not for the faint of heart.
4			technology	company	tech	stock	energy	oil	money	industry			stocks ascend as oil eases and techs gain us stocks moved higher late on friday morning in a broad based advance, as oil prices dipped, shares of peoplesoft inc. psft boosted the tech heavy nasdaq and
2			baseball	statistics	hockey	sport	football	player	goal	money			game over: nhl, its players have accomplished nothing this nhl season died from neglect ages ago and on tuesday it became obvious. two wrongs make for last rites. the nhl and its players have accomplished nothing through 90 days of this lockout other
1			politics	election	labour	war	democracy	race	poll	candidate	electoral			milburn uses election to galvanise labour labour mps were put on a war footing yesterday for the next general election by alan milburn, the prime minister 's election strategist, to quell unrest in the party 's ranks.
2			coaching	baseball	cheating	sport	football	money			morning after every week, uncut, honest thoughts first thing monday morning, win or lose, before there 's time for the coach inside to begin thinking rationally.
4			network	trend	technology	tech	growth	finance	innovation	industry			update 1: tech giant ericsson reports solid quarter wireless equipment maker lm ericsson posted a third quarter profit that was in line with analysts expectations and said its mobile networks were expected to show signs of slight growth in the coming months.
4			eastman	patented	technology	invention	copyright	innovation	advertising	patent	industry			kodak, sun settle patent case three days after a jury found sun microsystems quote, chart had infringed on eastman kodak patents, the two parties settled their lawsuit out of court.
4			investing	technology	tech	growth	finance	innovation	money	industry			tech investors see sunnier days ahead optimism that the embattled technology sector was ripe for a recovery sent stocks modestly higher yesterday, despite a new revenue warning from semiconductor company broadcom inc.
4			wired	network	ethernet	technology	broadband	ip	wireless	networking	linux			nortel pushes back flextronics deal com october 14, 2004, 12:19 pm pt. wired wireless continues its reign at the top spot among it priorities due to widespread ip telephony and wireless deployment.
1			politics	election	violence	war	mr	bush	terrorism	fear			bush, kerry court voters in new mexico bracing for their final debate, john kerry accused president bush of favoring friends in the oil industry over consumers strapped with rising fuel bills on monday while bush said his challenger so misunderstood the war on terror that he thought it could be reduced to a nuisance akin to prostitution or illegal gambling...
1			election	politics	democracy	arizona	race	woman	racism			'butterfly ballot' creator fights for job the creator of the infamous butterfly ballot used in the 2000 presidential election is fighting for her job as palm beach county's elections chief.
4			privacy	technology	internet	ip	communication	telecommunication	networking	email			voice over ip coming to nmci if plans by officials at the navy and eds work out, the navy marine corps intranet could soon become one of the largest systems using voice over ip technology in the world.
1			politics	election	baseball	history	television	democracy	sport	tv	money			forget politics, lifting curse of the bambino is the series ... ask a democrat in massachusetts whether he would rather see john kerry win the presidency or the boston red sox take their first world series since 1918, and chances are the answer will be easy.
3			business	trend	technology	marketing	growth	innovation	bankruptcy	change			computer associates temp ceo outlines growth plans with its most serious legal troubles apparently behind it, computer associates is once again focusing on growth and new ways of packaging and delivering its products, interim ceo ken cron said in an interview on tuesday.
3			trading	trend	speculation	price	sale	marketing	market	stock			stocks to open subdued ahead of sales data u.s. stocks are seen opening in a subdued mood with the release of august's retail sales report likely to influence overall sentiment...
4			mobile	network	mobility	technology	telecommunication	consumer	competition	carrier	industry			where only the antelope roam smaller cellphone companies are feeling pressures from national carriers entering rural areas now that urban markets are saturated.
4			wikipedia	collaboration	technology	standard	patent	education	industry			rosettanet takes standards push to small firms singapore rosettanet, a consortium pushing to establish a universal e business language, is hoping to broaden its appeal to smaller companies by slashing the costs of standards adoption.
4			politics	history	computer	business	technology	tech	people	time	ibm	money			the man who could have been bill gates the saga of the computing industry is rich with outsize characters and surprising plot turns, but there's one story that has risen over time to mythic proportions. it's the tale of how software pioneer gary kildall missed out on the opportunity to supply ibm with the operating system for its first pc essentially handing the chance of a lifetime, and control of tech's future, to rival bill gates and microsoft corp. in the process, he may have missed out on becoming the world's richest man.
4			processor	linux	chip	hardware	technology	performance	intel	server			intel silent on jayhawk replacement chip maker offers few details about its plans for dual core server processors.
2			racing	baseball	race	sport	car	football	motorsport	competition	cycling			formula one split widens over budgets team owners last night kick started a week of intense activity that will help to determine who wins control of one of the richest sports in the world.
3			gm	america	job	business	ceo	management	growth	money	diversity			office depot ousts chief, citing need for growth by bloomberg news. office depot, which lost its place as the world 's no. 1 office supplies retailer to staples three years ago, ousted its chairman and chief executive, bruce nelson, yesterday.
2			baseball	yankee	sport	doug	football	pitcher			going deep for memories last night, doug mientkiewicz was on call as the red sox' emergency catcher in case calamity befell doug mirabelli , raising the uncomfortable specter of the one time minor league catcher trying to corral tim wakefield's knuckleball. he escaped that duty, serving only as a pinch runner and defensive replacement at first base for kevin millar in last night's ...
1			election	politics	controversy	democracy	china	corruption	referendum	debate	campaigning			tung issues caution over referendum on elections hong kong chief executive tung chee hwa yesterday warned lawmakers against backing a legislative motion calling for a referendum on direct elections, saying it would damage the territory 's harmonious atmosphere.
4			connectivity	privacy	technology	wireless	networking	intel	security	linux			it's final: no wifi in grantsdale chipset intel corp. has decided not to enable the wireless access point functionality in its intel 915 925x grantsdale chipset, a company spokesman confirmed friday afternoon.
4			computer	computing	privacy	technology	economics	innovation	research	security			us losing edge in supercomputing, report warns a panel of leading computer scientists warned in a report issued on monday that unless the federal government significantly increases support for advanced research on supercomputing, the united states will be unable to retain its lead on that
4			electronics	computer	chip	intel	technology	semiconductor	silicon	computing	linux			intel cancels tv chip project in another change of plans, semiconductor giant intel corp. canceled a project thursday to develop a chip for projection tvs and said it planned to focus its resources in other areas.
4			electronics	battery	consumer	privacy	standard	technology	camera	photography	ethics			watch where you point that camera phone consumer electronics association publishes guidelines for responsible use of cell phone cameras
1			election	politics	democrat	tuesday	race	texas	money			top senate democrat fights for political survival senate democratic leader tom daschle, fighting for political survival, walked into shorty's cafe in this farm town and asked for help in tuesday's election.
4			computer	linux	chip	hardware	intel	networking	memory	silicon	windows			windows update harbors amd conflict microsoft says sp2 may not work on computers powered by chipmaker's 64 bit processors.
4			device	drive	usb	technology	storage	dvd	video	linux			drives cut vidcam bulk on the heels of devices such as sanyo 's xacti c1 and panasonic 's d snap, which cut down video camera bulk by writing video to storage cards instead of tape or disc, comes the everio range from jvc.
3			income	revenue	business	trend	company	growth	profit	money	earnings	industry			update 1: honeywell income grows again on orders aerospace and high tech manufacturer honeywell international inc. on wednesday reported an 8 percent increase in third quarter profits behind double digit growth in sales for three of the conglomerate 's four business divisions.
3			business	promotion	tourism	sale	marketing	strategy	advertising	holiday			holiday spirits are highest for stores that banked on weekend ... if sales from the first weekend of the 2004 holiday shopping season taught retailers anything, it 's that there is no such thing as too much promotion.
4			cyber	hacking	threat	privacy	technology	encryption	vulnerability	terrorism	security			at upgrades security tools cyber threats, chiefly viruses like netsky and sasser, make security an ongoing concern as it holds steady over software infrastructure as the third top priority.
1			politics	drug	fighting	violence			vargas valiant in loss the tears rolled down the bruised cheek of devin vargas last night. they were not there because his injured left knee was throbbing, although it was. vargas cried for a dream, and a fight, lost.
4			electronics	computer	television	privacy	technology	tech	tv			boston techies envision tv's on demand future at the end of a boisterous dinner, after several glasses of good red wine, technology entrepreneur john landry pulled out his ipaq hand held and beckoned me over to his side of the table.
1			politics	election	protest	democracy	protester	washington	terrorism	freedom			largest protest of week expected in nyc new york braced sunday for tens of thousands of demonstrators in the largest scheduled protest of the week against the bush administration, as republican delegates descended on a heavily fortified convention city.
1			election	politics	beijing	taiwan	democracy	china	corruption	macau	candidate			macau's leader wins second term macau's edmund ho wins approval from the chinese enclave's elite to rule for a second term.
4			science	nano	biotechnology	technology	dr	health	drug			nano engineers in singapore create drug delivery contact lenses to ... thanks to a group of nano engineers in singapore who have created contact lenses that release controlled doses of drugs, you may be able to treat your glaucoma or other eye diseases simply by wearing their lenses.
4			linux	india	java	software	amazon	technology	company	industry			infosys cashes in on outsourcing indian software group infosys sees its profits jump 50 as more companies hire it to run their technical support services.
3			trading	share	asia	investor	china	investing	shareholder	market	competition	money			philippine shares end higher philippine shares ended marginally higher wednesday on a technical recovery, successfully shrugging off a sluggish performance at the start of the session caused by a sell off in metro pacific shares, traders said.
4			computer	software	unix	technology	utility	computing	linux			party crasher not long ago most corporate computer managers viewed open source programs like mysql as toys fit only for hobbyists. but then linux, an open source operating system, became a smash hit in corporate sites. now the folks who embraced linux are snapping up other bargain programs such as apache, which serves up web pages, the mysql database and scripting languages like php, perl and python, which are used to create web pages. so many companies use the combination of linux, apache, mysql and php or perl or python that they're described with the acronym lamp.
2			cycling	marathon	olympic	olympics	athletics	sport	race	athlete	event			athletics: 21 olympic champions, steeplechase showdown highlight ... with a long olympic campaign behind them, 21 olympic champions and another 52 silver and bronze medallists have converged on the riviera to wind down their
2			coaching	baseball	florida	retirement	basketball	sport	recruiting	football	coach			gators are looking to past for future the search for a new coach at the university of florida should and will be a short one. former gators coach steve spurrier soon will be back in gainesville.
4			electronics	battery	electricity	technology	car	hydrogen	energy			hitachi, toshiba show portable fuel cells devices to power to pdas, cell phones, and laptops could be available next year.
4			eastman	electronics	manufacturing	technology	semiconductor	patent	silicon	imaging	industry			kodak buying national semi 's image sensor business eastman kodak co. says it 's agreed to buy the imaging business of national semiconductor corp., which develops and manufactures complimentary metal oxide semiconductor image sensor devices.
4			industry	computer	acquisition	software	privacy	technology	strategy	finance	security	linux			symantec to acquire veritas computer security giant symantec corp. is buying storage and backup program specialist veritas software corp. to create the world's fourth largest software maker, marking the latest merger in an industry trend that's expected to compress the competition to a few juggernauts.
1			election	politics	shooting	campaign	war	hunting	gun			victorious on gun ban, nra looks toward elections with its battle to kill the decade long u.s. ban on assault weapons won, the national rifle association is now setting its sights on the nov. 2 presidential and congressional elections.
4			computer	hardware	intel	technology	apple	networking	ibm	silicon	linux			ibm strikes out at intel with new opteron box idf fall 04 with the intel developer forum rolling along in full force, ibm made the obvious decision to announce its next generation server based on amd 's opteron processor.
3			expansion	store	trend	sale	marketing	growth	retail			wal mart to add 55 million sf in 2005 com daily report. wal mart stores inc. of bentonville said tuesday that it plans to add 55 million sf of retail space in the new fiscal year beginning feb. 1. in the united
4			computer	network	data	technology	communication	networking			why pccw is laughing all the way to the bank letter tdd mode is not just data delivery
3			business	collaboration	technology	company	enterprise	industry			consumer goods: rfid tops to do list in consumer goods consumer goods companies top tech projects have often served as harbingers of the next wave of must have technologies. enterprise resource planning and customer relationship
1			election	politics	putin	war	democracy	russia	terrorism			kremlin choice appears to win in chechnya the russian government's choice for president of war ravaged chechnya appeared to be the victor sunday in an election tainted by charges of fraud and shadowed by last week's terrorist destruction of two airliners. little more than two hours after polls closed, acting chechen president sergei abramov said preliminary results showed maj...
4			linux	software	privacy	technology	vulnerability	encryption	reliability	security	windows			linux firms join forces on security a consortium including mandrakesoft, the paris based linux seller that recently exited bankruptcy protection, has won a three year contract worth 7m to improve linux security.
2			power	baseball	basketball	football			kc runs over vick, falcons it was the kind of complete game chiefs fans had been dreaming of throughout the course of a nightmare season. this is how people thought we could score points and dominate
1			politics	america	election	democracy	value	religion	republican	money			time for a new dem agenda whoever officially wins this election mdash;at the time of this writing, it rsquo;s technically still a squeaker that could conceivably go either way, though it rsquo;s looking like bush rsquo;s first election to office mdash;what is clear is that the republicans owned the political agenda. i rsquo;m not talking about iraq or terrorism, though those were significant issues. what i rsquo;m talking about is what got so many people to turn out and vote republican on tuesday: values.
4			product	manufacturing	biotechnology	technology	option	pharmaceuticals	pricing	rs	industry			rayovac to buy united industries battery maker rayovac corp. on tuesday said it would buy united industries corp., a maker of lawn and garden products, for about $ 476 million in cash and stock in a bid to diversify its product mix.
4			virus	radiation	computer	aids	biotechnology	technology	drug	cancer			hospitals use technology to aid patients lucille lamarca could feel her heart begin to beat at a worrisome pace as she lay there alone in the intensive care unit at buffalo general hospital with a heart condition. then from a speaker came a reassuring voice.
2			coaching	turner	basketball	sport	football	time	money			with illini 's season over, attention turns to turner 's future illinois coach ron turner said repeatedly he hopes to stay. his players all want him to come back. now it 's illinois athletic director ron guenther 's turn to have his say.
1			election	politics	history	democracy	kabul	sport	iran	afghanistan	event			major events in afghanistan since december 2001 election of karzai afghanistan holds its first ever presidential election saturday. following is a list of major events since the current president hamid karzai took office in 2001.
3			business	technology	company	people	growth	innovation	google	money			that's rich: gates tops forbes list once again microsoft's leader brings home the gold medal for the 11th year running. google's founders aren't doing too badly, either.
4			electronics	computer	privacy	technology	internet	tech	telecommunication	phone			technology is seen as revolutionary step in telecommunications tom scheffler gets the same reaction whenever he takes consumers to an internet cafe to show them a different kind of phone service.
2			politics	baseball	hockey	sport	football	canada			goodenow has nhl players trust if this is hockey 's armageddon nd it 's hard to find anyone in the nhl who doesn 't view the current 61 day owners lockout in cataclysmic terms n bob goodenow is the beast who will bear much of the
3			computer	business	privacy	technology	growth	profit	finance	money	security			microstrategy profit lights fire under stock microstrategy inc.'s share price soared 31 percent yesterday, the day after the mclean software company posted better than expected third quarter earnings.
4			network	connectivity	ethernet	technology	ip	cisco	telecommunication	networking	switch			fujitsu and cisco team up for ip networks fujitsu limited and cisco systems, inc. today announced that they have reached a fundamental agreement to enter into a strategic alliance focusing on routers and switches that will enable service providers
4			device	mobility	trend	progress	technology	growth	innovation	patent	industry			ctia features new wireless devices, initiatives san francisco wireless industry leaders today told 2,000 attendees at the ctia wireless it and entertainment 2004 event here that they have plenty of optimism about future growth, as two companies announced advances
4			electronics	battery	computer	car	technology	appliance	design			cedia 2004: picks and pans here's what was good looking, butt ugly, and just plain annoying at the recent consumer electronics and home theater show.
4			ibm	computer	fingerprint	privacy	biotechnology	technology	patent	security			ibm adds fingerprint sensor to thinkpads ibm has added biometric security to its thinkpad notebook line, claiming that the technology is now ready for prime time. ibm has added a fingerprint scanner to its t42 thinkpad notebook chassis and will offer
4			network	connectivity	ethernet	technology	networking	switch	availability	industry			lan switch sales looking good for 2004 despite a decline of two per cent in the second quarter of 2004, the global market for local area network lan switches remains up 23 per cent year over year, the latest market research from idc has found.
3			revenue	company	stock	loss	profit	finance	bankruptcy	accounting	money			bear stearns profit falls brokerage bear stearns companies on wednesday said quarterly profit fell 10 percent hurt by lower investment banking revenue and higher expenses.
4			security	algorithms	statistics	tracking	network	technology	analytics	surveillance			mpaa expected to target bittorrent trackers in order to thwart the growth of this network, the mpaa will be pursuing bittorrent indexing servers known as trackers. while trackers function somewhat differently than traditional indexing servers found
2			baseball	brady	sport	football	corey			in case you were worried in a game only a mudder could love, leave it to corey dillon to be the workhorse the patriots needed on a down and dirty type of afternoon in rainy new england.
4			ibm	computer	software	technology	patent	email	security	linux			qrs jilts jda, teams with inovis with little more than a month left for jda software group inc. to close on its $ 100 million acquisition of qrs corp., qrs pulled the plug on the deal in favor of a $ 116 million acquisition by inovis international inc.
4			electronics	computer	itunes	ipod	music	technology	apple			will the ipod become the next pet rock? lately, i ve written extensively about apple computer 's moves in the connected home, and certainly some of the company 's well designed productsespecially its best selling ipodare hits with users.
4			electronics	computer	chip	technology	silicon	intel	security	linux			amd: chip sales rebound after u.s. election computer chip sales have recovered from a hiccup caused by anxiety surrounding the nov. 2 u.s. presidential election, an advanced micro devices inc. executive said on tuesday.
4			processor	computer	chip	hardware	technology	networking	intel	computing			parallel processing: coming to a pc near you intel exec offers few details about dual core chips as he talks up new technologies.
4			privacy	technology	broadband	internet	telecommunication	networking	email	telephone			internet telephone service planned by sbc in early 2005 sbc communications announced tuesday that it would offer residential internet based calling, joining what could be the future of home phone service.
4			sprint	cable	wireless	technology	broadband	communication	telecommunication	networking	carrier	money			sprint 's planned nextel deal builds on wireless strength when gary d. forsee took over as chief executive of sprint corp. 20 months ago, the phone company was reeling from the telecom bust, burdened by debt and grappling with bigger
4			chip	hardware	intel	technology	power	performance	reliability	silicon	linux			sun looks to chip performance to bring brighter days beleaguered server firm is working on a series of higher performance processors it hopes will get profits back on track.
4			science	electronics	computer	privacy	technology	evolution	tech	innovation	research			it takes time to judge the true impact of new technology about this time last year, i wrote a column following up on some pieces i'd written earlier to see what if anything new had happened to those topics. the reaction i heard afterwards convinced me that revisiting old news was a worthwhile exercise in general, it's too easy for tech reporters to lose sight of how a product works over time in the real world, as opposed to a brief trial in a reviewer's hands.
1			politics	football	scandal	revenge	corruption	money			magnier silence condemns board the manchester united board have known for some days that malcolm glazer would vote to remove three of the club 's directors. after the board learned of his intentions, contact
1			politics	unity	violence	democracy	war	chaos	peace	religion	conflict	terrorism			violence turns to hope as sistani 's arrival in najaf heralds peace ... iraq 's leading shia cleric, grand ayatollah ali husseini al sistani, reached an apparent agreement with the radical cleric muqtada sadr yesterday to end a three week uprising by sadr 's army of mehdi militiamen in najaf.
4			science	electronics	battery	electricity	biotechnology	technology	solar	energy	silicon			now, show off your solar panels it sounds crazy, but its true! scientists have developed wearable solar panels that can be sewed into clothing, helping charge music players, mobile phones, light batteries this innovative product is likely to hit the market in three years time.
2			coaching	soccer	mr	sport	defense	football			framingham down, not out the framingham boys' soccer team was without two of its best defensive players yesterday, but not without a commitment to playing strong team defense.
4			technology	broadband	tech	telecommunication	strategy	education			gop platform: broadband and r d tax credits widely available broadband, electronic health records and increased government spending on research and development r d are among the technology related goals in the u.s. republican party's 2004 platform, released this week.
3			sp	business	bank	finance	banking			sp2 plays havoc with online banking st.george bank may be forced to make changes to its online banking interface as adoption of windows xp service pack 2 becomes widespread among consumers.
4			science	electronics	computer	china	biotechnology	technology	innovation	research	phone			researchers develop 3 d phone technology it 's an idea that was popularized by princess leia 's plea for help in star wars: sending a 3 d hologram. now, two japanese scientists have developed technology they hope will one day turn the humble
2			mlb	baseball	radio	television	espn	sport	technology	football	broadcasting	tv			xm buys baseball 's satellite radio rights major league baseball announced yesterday that it would receive up to $ 650 million over the next 11 years from xm satellite radio to beam locally produced games, like the mets wfan broadcasts, to a national audience.
4			history	life	progress	technology	time	architecture	money			amid suburban glut, project rises it may not look monumental. but the fact that it's happening is significant.
3			business	ceo	technology	litigation	pharmaceuticals	health	drug	money	healthcare			j j in talks to buy guidant sources health care and consumer products maker johnson johnson is in negotiations to acquire medical device maker guidant corp., sources familiar with the situation said on tuesday.
4			product	technology	vs	intel	linux			voq professional phone now available from tigerdirect and tech ... sierra wireless nasdaq:swir tsx:sw announced today that the voq professional phone tm is now available in north america through members of intel 's product dealer ipd program.
4			electronics	computer	network	privacy	technology	internet	communication	networking	security			cisco, mit look from lab to market new communications technology could spawn futuristic products. could your purse tell you to bring an umbrella? br photos: networks of tomorrow
2			baseball	hockey	soccer	athletics	sport	basketball	football	canada			canada losing swagger in 1904 at the st. louis olympic games, canada won gold in soccer. in 1936 in berlin, our nation won silver in basketball. that 's it for traditional team sports.
4			network	privacy	technology	communication	telecommunication	networking	competition	security			three picks for a communications rebound deutsche bank securities said the communications equipment sector is likely to report weak third quarter results, though given the extent of negative sentiment among investors, we do not believe this will represent much of a surprise.
2			baseball	statistics	espn	ranking	basketball	sport	football	nba	tennis	stats			no. 8 n.c. tops loyola of chicago, 109 60 jawad williams scored 17 points and was one of six north carolina players in double figures sunday as the eighth ranked tar heels beat loyola of chicago 109 60.
2			coaching	indiana	baseball	basketball	sport	recruiting	football	coach	quarterback			indiana fires coach indiana university fires head football coach gerry dinardo on wednesday after three season. dinardo leaves with two years left on his contract and an 8 27 career record.
4			electronics	chip	technology	performance	semiconductor	silicon	intel	linux			amd, ibm speed up chips with strained wafers researchers at ibm and amd have improved a chip making technology called strained silicon. their announcement, of a new and unique strained silicon transistor technology, is aimed at improving processor performance and power efficiency.
4			acquisition	network	technology	company	telecommunication	patent	industry			alcatel expands us presence with two acquisitions worth $ 277mn new york, september 17 alcatel has expanded its operations and presence in the core north american telecommunication market with two separate acquisitions for about $ 277 million.
4			security	computer	linux	software	technology	microsoft	ai	computing	windows			gates touts software magic microsoft chief software architect bill gates took the stage of the it forum in copenhagen tuesday to introduce a handful of tools and a hatful of promises designed to offer relief from managing complex, distributed systems.
4			intel	storage	technology	networking	semiconductor	memory	silicon	security	linux			amd spansion shoves intel into 2nd place according to market watchers, isuppli, in q1 q2 2004 spansion amd fujitsu remained number one mobile phone flash memory supplier, a position it first stole from intel in 2003.
4			computer	hacking	privacy	technology	networking	leaks	surprise	security	linux			palmone announces the treo 650 in a completely expected announcement, palmone has formally announced the treo 650. there are few, if any surprises, considering they ve done an amazingly bad job of protecting against leaks.
4			company	market	technology	industry			d.telekom sees dsl, us growing higher in q4 europe 's biggest phone carrier deutsche telekom quote, profile, research expects customer growth in its high speed internet business and at its us mobile business to accelerate in the fourth quarter compared with the
2			coaching	overtime	baseball	basketball	saint	sport	football	gambling	money			saints' gleason apologizes for low blow saints special teams captain steve gleason expects to be fined by the league after being ejected from sunday's game against the carolina panthers for throwing a punch.
3			industry	business	revenue	software	technology	growth	finance	patent	linux			posts 82 percent rise in revenue subscription software maker reports jump in third quarter sales, but sees growth slowing next year.
4			politics	ceo	microsoft	economics	technology	tech	innovation	corporation	intel			intel ceo: candidates ignore tech debate intel corp.'s chief executive on tuesday decried the lack of attention by the presidential nominees to how the united states is losing its competitive edge over other nations on education, technological infrastructure and research and development.
4			mobile	network	broadband	smartphone	technology	nokia	wireless	telecommunication	networking	phone			nokia's preminet aims to chill qualcomm's brew the one stop shop lets wireless operators sell ring tones, games, picture messaging and other cell phone paraphernalia.
4			motorola	device	mobility	technology	nokia	smartphone	nfc	patent			motorola pilots digital wallet phone trials motorola has teamed up with mastercard to conduct us trials of technology that allows mobile phones to act as digital wallets .
1			politics	election	history	democracy	voting	race	tie	party			tied presidential election could be mother of all messes a freak tie result in the presidential election could mean the house of representatives would choose the next president, a scenario that would favor republican incumbent george w. bush.
4			mobile	technology	nokia	smartphone	phone	industry			nokia says handset market to slow, share to rise helsinki the world 's largest mobile phone maker, nokia, expects slowing mobile phone growth in 2005 but plans to launch more handsets next year and take market share, the firm said on thursday.
2			baseball	basketball	music	kicking	football	play			doghouse into penthouse there are plays in a football game. and then there are plays in a football game. bethel johnson made one of the latter in the new england patriots 30 20 victory over the seattle seahawks sunday afternoon at gillette stadium.
4			mobile	mobility	broadband	nokia	internet	technology	telecommunication			mmo2 to launch speedy 3g the mobile operator explained it will be the first in europe to offer hsdpa high speed downlink packet access and ims internet protocol multimedia services with download speeds of 3.6mbps when it launches the service in the isle of man next summer.
2			racing	doping	race	sport	football	motorsport	cycling			caborn urges motor sports to seize f1 opportunity the survival of the british grand prix at silverstone represents a major incentive for the british motor sports industry to secure its international reputation, sports minister richard caborn this morning claimed.
2			coaching	vince	espn	football	coach	quarterback			college football on tv tonight florida st. 7 2 vs. n.c. state 4 5 when, where: tonight, 7:30, at raleigh, n.c. tv, radio: espn, wesx 1230 . last season: florida state won, 50 44. comments: last week, the no. 11 seminoles beat duke, 29 7, but north carolina state is reeling after three consecutive losses. quarterback wyatt sexton will get the start for the seminoles; he replaced chris rix last ...
1			politics	government	protest	violence	democracy	war	unemployment	corruption	terrorism	money			mixed response to truckers strike the indefinite nationwide strike by truck operators against imposition of service tax evoked a mixed response on the first day of the stir today even as government appeared unwilling
3			job	trade	business	unemployment	company	hr	employment			jobs, retail on stock market menu when wall street gets back to work this week after the thanksgiving holiday, the focus will be on jobs and retail sales.
3			business	trend	sale	marketing	growth	profit	competition	money	earnings			earnings not so sweet for krispy kreme krispy kreme doughnuts inc. kkd.n on thursday said its quarterly profit tumbled by more than half and slashed its sales growth outlook for the rest of the year, wiping 17 percent off the value of its stock.
2			baseball	television	movie	espn	sport	technology	football	entertainment	tv			three minutes with mark cuban the outspoken owner of the dallas mavericks talks about the future of high definition tv.
1			election	politics	controversy	democracy	immigration	corruption	terrorism	malaysia	politician			malaysia 's anwar appeals conviction, seeks political re entry malaysia 's former deputy premier anwar ibrahim asked the nation 's highest court to set aside a corruption conviction for which he has already served jail time, seeking to clear his name and pave the way for a return to politics.
3			business	revenue	growth	profit	finance	competition	money			ebay reports sharply higher profit ebay inc., the world's largest online marketplace, on wednesday posted a quarterly profit that rose 77 percent from a year ago, fueled by strong back to school shopping and growth in its international and paypal businesses.
2			athletics	sport	race	swimming	competition	woman			wily devers snares spot in semifinals the us women 's trio of 100 meter sprinters, including five time olympian gail devers, all raced into the semifinals with strong, controlled performances yesterday in the debut of the track and ...
2			game	magic	sport	football	money			half life 2 is gold we ll give you a moment to sit down, take a breath, or catch a breath, or whatever you need to do. but yes, it 's as true as it can be, as we received official word from vivendi universal games just moments ago.
4			wikipedia	technology	speech			speech code from i.b.m. to become open source i.b.m. plans to announce that it will contribute some of its speech recognition software to two open source software groups.
4			organization	computer	business	technology	ibm	computing			ibm community to address social issues new york: the us based software major ibm, along with representatives of the world 's leading science, education and philanthropic outfits, has launched a global effort aimed at harnessing the vast computing power of individuals and business computers and
4			software	web	standard	technology	networking	security	windows			new spec uses web services to manage remote data center ... microsoft, sun and a trio of other leading hardware vendors today published the ws management specification, which spells out how data centers can use web services
3			science	business	china	biotechnology	technology	company	merger			biogen, elan merger rumors persist biogen idec in cambridge is rumored to be in talks to buy or merge with elan corp. in ireland, though the later company denies any such conversation is taking place, bloomberg news is reporting.
4			battery	electronics	computer	electricity	technology	edison	power	energy	reliability			millions of dell power adapters recalled the taiwan made ac adapters sold with dell notebooks can overheat, posing risk of fire and electrical shock.
4			pc	computer	linux	usb	technology	storage	pcs	computing	windows			seagate ships world first 400gb pc hdds hard drive maker seagate has begun shipping what it claims is the world 's highest capacity pc hard drive: a 400gb beast that 's also the first drive of its class to hold up to 133gb on a single platter.
2			baseball	retirement	basketball	sport	retire	retiring	stats			pippen: if i had anything to give, id leave it here... following the official announcement of his retirement, scottie pippen and bulls gm john paxson met the media at the berto center after the teams first official training camp practice this season.
3			business	technology	marketing	company	strategy	advertising	innovation	ai	industry			briefly: rice lab makes nano parts less toxic roundup plus: tv chip company gets $ 19 million...oracle extends deadline on peoplesoft sells game clips for 99 hires marketing chief.
1			politics	election	putin	democracy	corruption	russia	candidate	ukraine	governor			russian parliament oks election bill president vladimir putin's plan to end the election of governors by popular vote passed its final hurdle wednesday, when the russian parliament's upper chamber approved the bill.
2			coaching	baseball	utah	statistics	espn	basketball	sport	recruiting	football	byu			utah slips in bcs poll despite walloping colorado state, 63 31, to extend their record to a school best 9 0, the utes watch their ranking in the bowl championships series standings drop a spot to seventh.
4			network	gaming	technology	internet	ip	telecommunication	networking	patent			cisco to buy p cube for about $ 200 m the company 's sixth buy this year is meant to aid service providers in controlling and managing internet based networks, such as voip and interactive gaming.
1			election	politics	controversy	democracy	voting	suicide	cancer			butterfly ballot designer loses election the county election supervisor whose confusing ballot design contributed to the turmoil of the 2000 presidential election became the butt of late night talk show jokes and the target of death threats...
4			science	technology	evolution	fire	energy	innovation	ethics			21st century firefighting technology on a 19th century budget when bill clayton, one of four san diego county division chiefs of the california department of forestry and fire protection, was asked last week about the use of innovative technologies to fight forest fires, he described his profession 's evolution this
4			electronics	radio	radiation	computer	technology	communication	telecommunication	antenna	email			sorry, e.t., but parcel post may beat phoning home a physicist and an electrical engineer claim it is more efficient to send a long message as a physical package, a cosmic fedex, than as radio wave or laser pulse.
2			shooting	baseball	basketball	sport	defense	football	tennis			shot put: birthplace of games becomes field of play again back when he was a shot putter at dartmouth, he showed up for practice one day just as a freshman girl learning a new rotation let loose with an errant toss that caught nelson right in the forehead.
1			election	politics	clinton	poll	kerry	bush	washington			polls: bush trails kerry in new york president bush got a convention bounce even in heavily democratic new york but still trailed rival john kerry, two statewide presidential polls said wednesday.
4			computer	hacking	hardware	software	microsoft	technology	memory	security	linux			toshiba is taking back bad memory zdnet 's survey of it professionals in october kept upgrading hardware at number two on the businesses radar throughout the year.
4			cable	technology	wireless	internet	bandwidth	broadband	speed			state bill could kill city wi fi backers of a philadelphia wi fi project are worried that a bill going through the state legislature would spike a plan to blanket the city with free or inexpensive wireless access. broadband blog
4			algorithms	hacking	privacy	hacker	encryption	technology	vulnerability	bug	security			google patches one security hole, but another surfaces search engine darling google inc. has patched a hole in its search engine the could have allowed malicious hackers to modify the content of the google search results page or silently modify search results, but a new hole may have already appeared.
4			computer	pc	microsoft	technology	networking	ibm	pcs	computing	linux			analysts: ibm selling pc business makes sense ibm is considering pulling out of the personal computer business it founded a sign of a big change in the way companies buy computers and a shift of power in the pc industry.
2			coaching	baseball	hockey	basketball	sport	boston	football	acton	education			acton boxboro makes it 39 straight stop us when this sounds familiar. top ranked acton boxboro continued its winning streak last night thanks in large part to the abare brothers, who had a hand in all three colonial touchdowns in the 21 7 victory at chelmsford.
4			e	school	learning	technology	innovation	bullying	money	education			schools 'failing to tap e cash' millions of pounds set aside by the uk government for e learning is not being spent, say experts.
4			electronics	computer	linux	hardware	software	technology	defense	security	industry			amd enters the 90 nanometer zone with the economy slowly turning up, upgrading hardware has been on businesses radar in the past 12 months as their number two priority.
4			electronics	device	technology	wireless	ios	phone			at wireless unveils ogo messenger device targeted for the teen and young adult consumer markets, the ogo will retail for $ 99 following a $ 30 mail in rebate. its clamshell design includes a 4k color screen and full qwerty keypad with
4			java	software	technology	storage	networking	patent	linux			jboss set to shine with jems middleware stack jboss on monday plans to flesh out details of its open source middleware stack consisting largely of existing software technologies, with the company intending to fill out the stack over time.
4			electronics	computer	game	gaming	hardware	console	technology	car	strategy			how it works giving gamers another window on their world the newest piece of hardware in the video game wars, the nintendo ds hand held console, arrived in stores last month, out to prove that two is better than one, in more ways than one.
2			coaching	baseball	florida	espn	basketball	sport	football	coach	win			gators try to break drought at fsu florida coach ron zook has one final chance to do something even steve spurrier couldn't do as top gator win at florida state. when the gators play no. 10 florida state on saturday, they will try to break an 18 year winless streak at doak campbell stadium in zook's final regular season game.
1			election	politics	president	history	death	succession	thailand	monarch			cambodia pm urges swift succession if king retires cambodian prime minister hun sen, concerned for his country's political stability, said on sunday that a new monarch should be chosen next week if king norodom sihanouk was determined to retire.
1			election	abortion	politics	government	corruption	finance	uncertainty	fraud	money			judge strikes down campaign finance rules a judge has struck down several government rules on campaign fund raising, ordering tougher restrictions on big political money in the long term while creating uncertainty about
4			job	computer	technology	tech	growth	strategy	innovation	money	industry			job cuts in tech sector soar, report finds the u.s. technology sector suffered another round of widespread layoffs during the third quarter, with computer firms slashing jobs most aggressively, a report said on monday.
3			investing	company	stock	growth	profit	loss	corporation	money	earnings			morgan stanley, bear stearns profits fall morgan stanley and bear stearns companies posted a drop in quarterly profits on wednesday, surprising some investors one day after two other big investment banks reported a rise in earnings.
3			revenue	ceo	loss	profit	finance	bankruptcy	competition	industry			peoplesoft posts third quarter profit peoplesoft inc. on thursday reported a quarterly net profit, after a year earlier loss, as the company saw stronger sales of its business software than what it had forecast earlier despite its continued fight to block a takeover from rival oracle corp.
2			coaching	baseball	statistics	espn	basketball	sport	football	player	coach			after two weeks, it 's still anyone 's game editor 's note: hall of fame coach marv levy, one of the smartest and greatest coaches in nfl history, provides his thoughts about the players, the coaches and the games each week throughout the season.
1			election	politics	war	democracy	violence	corruption	iraq	afghanistan	terrorism			warloads will hijack afghan vote, group says elections heralded as the dawn of democracy in war ravaged afghanistan will be hijacked by warlords able to intimidate voters and candidates to entrench their own power, a leading rights group warned today.
2			cuba	baseball	soccer	athletics	sport	volleyball	basketball	football	greece			greek baseball team, made in the usa success at the games could boost the popularity of a sport unfamiliar to greeks.
1			politics	election	violent	war	democracy	violence	rape	conflict	terrorism	genocide			violence will lead haiti 's pro aristide party nowhere: premier haitian prime minister gerard latortue warned members of exiled president jean bertrand aristide 's lavalas party that violence would lead them nowhere, and invited them to join the electoral process which would be scrupulously
3			money	football	business	griffin			griffin could get company as only heisman repeat winner two heismans, one man. maybe he 's been alone long enough, in the club that claims only him as a member. time for archie griffin to get company?
4			surveillance	network	connectivity	ethernet	communication	telecommunication	monitoring	networking	security			cisco steps up to network monitoring plate cisco systems decision to acquire netsolve means that its channel partners will be able to offer real time monitoring of networks.
4			device	network	mobility	ethernet	wireless	siemens	technology	telecommunication	networking			skype internet telephony goes cordless; siemens and skype combine ... the adapter works with the recently launched gigaset c340 345 and gigaset cx340 345isdn, gigaset s440 445 and gigaset sx440 445isdn, gigaset s645 and gigaset sl440.
4			electronics	computer	manufacturing	chip	technology	performance	semiconductor	silicon	industry			chip sales rise 1.5 pct in october from september worldwide semiconductor sales rose a scant 1.5 percent in october, to $ 18.8 billion from $ 18.5 billion in september, as many chip users pared bloated inventories, the semiconductor industry association said on friday.
4			computer	hacking	terrorist	technology	internet	terrorism	email	security			terrorism and the net us cybersecurity chief 's sudden resignation comes as terrorists increasingly use the internet as a tool. while al qaeda and its affiliates have always used e mail and the internet, these electronic tools have
4			computing	technology	storage	cloud	networking	ibm	security	linux			big blue takes on emc with storage virtualization the new storage virtualization software is designed with expanded support to virtualize and manage the complete line of currently available emc disk storage systems.
2			success	baseball	sport	music	football	fashion	hollywood			success breeds success in the final hour before each acton boxboro high school football game, someone allows eminem into the locker room. he speaks his high pitched piece, and his pulsating beats make heads bob throughout the room. then the cd player advances to the next track, and hip hop makes way for a sing along from ac dc, followed by tunes from rocky soundtracks. every ...
2			coaching	baseball	college	volleyball	basketball	sport	football			holy cross can't stop fordham, losing streak close . . but not quite. holy cross, in search of its first win in more than a year, suffered its second straight last minute home loss yesterday, dropping a 42 35 decision to patriot league foe fordham at fitton field.
4			ibm	computer	biotechnology	technology	economics	innovation	patent	corporation	money			outsourcing megadeals lose momentum the move by jpmorgan chase to cancel a $ 5 billion technology services contract with ibm may show megadeals are going the way of the dinosaur.
4			mobility	technology	telecommunication	finance	networking	patent	carrier	competition	sprint			sprint will 700 stellen im verkauf und support streichen sprint corporation announced it will record in its third quarter financial results a pre tax non cash impairment charge reducing the value of its long distance network assets.
2			game	television	nbc	olympics	espn	sport	broadcasting	entertainment	tv	media			athens olympics draw record tv audiences the athens olympics broke global tv viewing records, with nearly 4 billion people tuning in, ioc president jacques rogge said tuesday. rogge said 3.9 billion people watched an olympic broadcast at least once during the aug...
3			statistics	revenue	trend	company	money	earnings	industry			update 1 yellow roadway raises 3rd qtr profit outlook yellow roadway corp. yell.o: quote, profile, research on tuesday raised its third quarter earnings outlook, citing higher prices for its services and better cost controls.
4			mobile	mobility	technology	telecom	smartphone	nfc	telecommunication			credit cards go mobile mobile phone giant motorola is experimenting with putting credit cards and payment functions on their line of mobiles. under the bonnet of the cunning plan is near field communication nfc technology which is a short range wireless system.
4			processor	computer	dell	hardware	intel	technology	hp	semiconductor	silicon	linux			dell closer to using amd chips dell president and chief executive officer kevin rollins indicated that the company is considering including advanced micro devices processors in its server roster in the foreseeable future.
3			business	marketing	religion	god	money	ethics			where bottom line meets greater good matthew's gospel teaches that you cannot serve god and mammon. but you can serve god while earning a little mammon, fortune writer marc gunther argues in this enjoyably enlightening survey of socially responsible businesses.
4			ibm	application	technology	semiconductor	performance	patent	silicon			ibm, amd develop new use of strained silicon ibm and advanced micro devices inc. announced today that they have jointly developed a new method for implementing strained silicon technology on both positive and negative transistors.
4			electronics	india	ethernet	technology	broadband	ip	internet	industry			amd announces strategy to hook up world to internet semiconductor supplier amd announced thursday oct. 28 it has launched an initiative to give 50 percent of the world 's population internet connectivity and computing capabilities
3			waste	recycling	manufacturing	growth	corporation	money	cost	industry			colgate palmolive cuts back colgate palmolive, the consumer products company, said yesterday that it would close about a third of its factories and cut more than 4,400 jobs over the next four years as part
4			network	technology	internet	communication	telecommunication	networking	carrier	sprint	merger			technology challenges sprint nextel merger the proposed merger of sprint corp. and nextel communications inc. could face a rocky start as the companies work to run and eventually merge two wireless technologies without breaking the bank or losing customers.
2			politics	baseball	boxing	sport	football	boxer			boxing comebacks a mixed bag; 82 of media say trinidad mayorga ... whether its money, the roar of the crowd or just to improve ones place in history, there are more boxers who later regret the decision to return to the ring rather than those who stay home.
4			mobile	application	device	business	technology	analytics	ios	apps			sybase links back office to mobile devices company debuts new products that let businesspeople shuttle data from databases to mobile gadgets.
4			network	connectivity	ethernet	mobility	broadband	technology	internet	wireless			global wi fi access deal makes world wireless agreement creates instant access to 20,000 wireless hotspots in 11 countries.
4			processor	computer	chip	intel	technology	apple	memory	silicon	linux			amd debuts athlon fx 55, 4000 chip on tuesday, advanced micro devices introduced its two fastest processors yet, a quiet slap at intel 's latest roadmap revision.
2			coaching	baseball	basketball	athletics	sport	soccer	football	maryland			terps falter again maryland men's soccer team loses in the semifinals of the ncaa tournament for the third straight year, this time 3 2 to indiana in overtime.
4			computer	gaming	privacy	technology	microsoft	strategy	competition	money	security	windows			microsoft settles two big fights microsoft agreed yesterday to pay more than $ 500 million to settle a potential antitrust lawsuit by rival software maker novell but will likely have to fight another part of novell 's claim in court.
1			politics	america	job	unemployment	economics	finance	strategy	money	politician			economists: bush, kerry job plans lacking president bush says his economic policies, including billions of dollars in tax cuts, are helping to create new jobs. but not the millions he promised. democratic challenger john kerry says 10 million new jobs would be added in his first term. don't bet on that either.
3			revenue	investing	growth	profit	finance	risk	competition	money	earnings			p g profit climbs, outlook maintained procter gamble co. on wednesday said quarterly profit jumped 14 percent, boosted by strong sales and a gain from the recent divestiture of its juice business.
3			insurance	shareholder	company	finance	bankruptcy	corporation	money	merger			sungard to spin off disaster recovery biz sungard quote, chart said its board of directors has unanimously decided to spin off its disaster recovery business and take it public through a tax free distribution of shares.
3			employee	ceo	hiring	sale	management	marketing	profit	hr	money			sales chief ousted just over a year after being hired following a wave of declining quarterly sales, manugistics group has fired its top sales and marketing executive a little more than a year after he was hired, the company disclosed in a regulatory filing monday.
3			computer	business	sale	software	technology	marketing	advertising	money	security	industry			peoplesoft's prevarication stock options and a sales gimmick go unnoticed as the software maker reports impressive results.
4			science	cyber	computer	hacking	biotechnology	technology	company	cancer			cyberkinetics gets public stock listing cyberkinetics inc. of foxborough, a pioneering company developing a medical device that could one day enable paralyzed people to control computers and even their own limbs just using thoughts, went public yesterday by merging into the shell of an unsuccessful canadian mining company.
4			computer	linux	network	hardware	storage	technology	networking	ibm	computing	server			intel devising chip line for consumer electronics com november 3, 2004, 12:14 pm pt. organizations are replacing aging servers with newer more powerful boxes, often linux based, and theyre also investing in storage.
3			share	investing	shareholder	company	stock	growth	finance	corporation	capital			us stock index futures decline; citigroup, ge slip in europe us stock index futures declined. dow jones industrial average shares including general electric co. slipped in europe. citigroup inc.
4			politics	computer	privacy	technology	microsoft	security	windows			i am ccia of borg! the computer and communications industry association has long been among tech 's most spirited microsoft bashers. so it 's somewhat ironic to see the association agreeing to put its differences with the company aside.
2			coaching	baseball	pittsburgh	statistics	espn	volleyball	basketball	sport	football	tennis			college basketball: bucknell upsets no. 10 pitt kevin bettencourt scored five of his 13 points in the final two minutes to lead bucknell to a 69 66 upset over 10th ranked and previously unbeaten pittsburgh.
4			dell	manufacturing	technology	storage	hp	networking	linux			dell hopes support hubs will improve service delivery dell inc. is pushing ahead with plans to open it support hubs worldwide to improve its service delivery to buyers of its servers, storage devices and workstations. although the hubs are aimed primarily at enterprise customers, they will also cover consumers and small and midsize businesses.
4			mobile	device	mobility	technology	smartphone	nokia	ios	linux			palmone debuts treo 650 smartphone the treo 650, which builds on the design of the treo 600, features a 320 x 320 display, non volatile memory, and a removable battery together with integrated bluetooth.
2			baseball	cable	television	network	espn	movie	sport	tv	distribution			college sports tv gets cable deals college sports television announced distribution deals with cable operators cox and charter communications on monday that could make the channel available in more than 65 million households.
2			baseball	espn	soccer	basketball	sport	recruiting	football	coach	usc			the week in college football description: npr 's michele norris talks with wall street journal sports reporter stefan fatsis about the latest news from the college gridiron.
4			business	software	technology	evolution	oracle	innovation	bankruptcy	email	security			oracle faces daunting challenges integrating peoplesoft as oracle embarks on one of the software industry's largest acquisitions in history with its $ 10.3 billion purchase of peoplesoft, it needs to show it can chew what it has bitten off.
4			job	incentive	biotechnology	technology	tech	innovation	education			incentives attract jobs to northern virginia more than two thirds of 11,000 new technology jobs to be created in virginia will be in the washington suburbs, mostly in fairfax county, gov. mark r. warner d said yesterday.
4			electronics	computer	hacking	privacy	technology	tech	drug	money	security			does your tech stuff need extra protection? every day, consumers plunk down millions of dollars for cell phones, computers and high end electronics that are supposed to make their lives better. and every night, they lie awake worrying that their new pcs or plasma tvs will spontaneously combust the day their warranty expires.
1			politics	election	democrat	intelligence	war	iraq	strategy	terrorism	republican			house gop to reject 9 11 recommendation house republicans plan to follow president bush's lead and reject the sept. 11 commission's recommendation to strip the pentagon of control over its spy shops in favor of a new national intelligence director with hiring, firing and spending control.
4			electronics	collaboration	intel	technology	nokia	innovation	silicon	phone	linux			nokia, intel join forces to develop symbian phones intel and nokia will jointly develop smart phones that run on the symbian operating system, the two tech giants said on tuesday, unveiling their first major cooperative effort in cell phones.
3			contract	statistics	business	biotechnology	marketing	strategy	research	cancer	money	industry			update 4 mylan says committed to king deal despite icahn mylan laboratories inc. myl.n: quote, profile, research , a maker of generic drugs, and king pharmaceutical kg.n: quote, profile, research on wednesday reaffirmed their commitment
1			election	politics	controversy	nevada	violence	immigration	fraud	republican	security			pre election tensions mount in florida pre election tensions mounted thursday in florida amid claims of voter intimidation, promises that absentee ballots will reach the broward county citizens who are missing them, and concerns that republicans will question the authenticity of thousands of votes on election day.
3			buying	sale	research	marketing	market	strategy	pricing	consumer	competition			connecting with customers through search market research want to learn to improve your customers' experience, pinpoint buyers' exact interests and reach prospects at every phase of the buying cycle? look to your search logs to mine this crucial market research data.
4			electronics	computer	linux	mac	hardware	technology	apple	macintosh	computing	windows			apple releases new machines, cuts prices the holiday season is bringing a smaller price tag for the lowest end ibook, among other treats from the computer maker.
2			baseball	hockey	australia	sport	football	cricket	tennis	canada			australia win first men 's hockey gold australia won the olympic men 's hockey tournament for the first time in history on friday, beating the netherlands 2 1 with a golden goal.
4			electronics	computer	television	movie	privacy	technology	tv			hi def tv may be pcs' killer app it's been possible for years to watch television on a personal computer, but not many people do. the reasons are simple: mediocre picture and sound quality and the ergonomics of it all. tvs don't need to boot up.
2			overtime	baseball	sport	football	quarterback			ravens put 'prime time' on inactive list prime time won't be playing in prime time this time. deion sanders was on the inactive list and missed a chance to strut his stuff on monday night football.
2			baseball	espn	basketball	soccer	sport	golf	football	softball	tennis			parlow hat trick keeps us tour perfect nomar garciaparra, the cubs shortstop, had his choice in sports viewing wednesday night. he could watch the baseball playoffs on television in a soldier field skybox or focus on his wife playing soccer on the beat up turf below.
4			electronics	computer	business	technology	company	tech	stock	innovation	money	industry			stocks fall on worrisome news new york an unexpected jump in unemployment claims and rising oil prices have stocks losing ground. also, tech stocks are tumbling on poor sales forecasts from a pair of semiconductor makers.
4			computer	linux	privacy	technology	innovation	apple	design	windows			commentary: apple's missed opportunity forrester research says the new imac's minimalist design means that apple computer misses tricks that windows media center pcs can do.
2			overtime	controversy	baseball	arbitration	basketball	sport	football	player	nba			union appeals, pacers protest and 2 fans sue the n.b.a. players association filed an appeal to commissioner david stern over the suspensions of the pacers' ron artest, stephen jackson and jermaine o'neal.
4			network	connectivity	ethernet	mobility	standard	technology	wireless	networking			bluetooth 2.0 offers much faster data transmissions the bluetooth special interest group sig has adopted bluetooth 2.0 edr. the latest version of this short range wireless networking standard offers faster data transfer speeds while using less power.
4			computer	hacking	safety	privacy	technology	encryption	protection	vulnerability	security			ibm introducing fingerprint reader into laptop today we raised the bar on security for the entire pc industry, ibm personal computing division general manager fran o sullivan said.
2			kobe	baseball	controversy	violence	espn	basketball	sport	football			plenty of brawl blame to spread around, say nba rivals rival national basketball association players and coaches have found plenty of blame to spread around regarding friday's brawl between detroit spectators and indiana pacers players.
4			computer	mac	hardware	technology	apple	networking	intel	computing	linux			virginia tech beefs up mac supercomputer the fastest mac supercomputer has gotten faster, thanks to an xserve makeover.
2			cycling	running	race	sport	football	competition	money	speed	racing			fastest man rises from obscurity justin gatlin shoveled the snow off his track in north carolina, braving the cold to keep practicing, keep working, keep chasing olympic gold.
4			product	samsung	technology	color			paper: second samsung 7g line to process larger substrates than ... samsung electronics may process 2,0002,300mm glass substrates at a second seventh generation 7g line in the beginning of 2006, according to the south korea based electronic times, seoul.
1			politics	israel	violence	democracy	terrorism			arafat 's familiar words must lead to unfamiliar actions if there are any democratic t 's to be crossed and i 's to be dotted, palestinian president yasser arafat did not leave one undone during his keynote speech to mps at his west bank headquarters in ramallah. arafat looked rejuvenated and emphatic as he ...
4			electronics	philip	manufacturing	technology	nokia	semiconductor	patent	security	industry			philips shares fall on news of ceo 's departure currently ceo of philips consumer electronics business groups will succeed the unit 's ceo scott mcgregor. the company is scheduled to hold a semiconductors and technology analysts day in holland on friday.
4			computer	network	ethernet	intel	privacy	technology	networking	silicon	linux			intel's rosedale chip brings wimax closer intel corp. has begun shipping samples of its first wimax chip, called rosedale, and the first network trials based on the technology will start next year, a senior company executive said tuesday.
3			taxation	business	tax	corporate	profit	bankruptcy	finance	corporation	money			corporate tax perks await final senate ok a corporate tax bill that would dole out nearly $ 140 billion in business breaks over the next decade is scheduled for a senate vote today after an unexpected delay sunday over its failure to include a tax credit for employers who keep active
3			buying	investing	company	stock	market	finance	competition	money			stocks gain on siebel, oil below $ 50 u.s. stocks rose on monday as software company siebel systems inc. boosted technology shares with a better than expected sales outlook and friday's start of quarter buying spree ran into the new week.
3			acquisition	technology	sears	company	stock	patent	corporation	retail	merger			us stocks rise as sears, kmart gain; technology shares climb us stocks rose as kmart holding corp. 's $ 11 billion offer for sears, roebuck co. lifted retailers and hewlett packard co.
1			politics	election	democracy	religion	terrorism	money			it was just enough. for now tony blair 's conference speech ... his 10th as leader of the labour party, demonstrated why he is still the political conjuror of the day.
4			desktop	linux	software	technology	microsoft	distribution	security	windows			novell releases linux desktop after months of denials, novell has quite suddenly released its own hybrid linux desktop for its suse linux distribution. novell linux desktop 9 is aimed squarely at the corporate market, where novell has
3			business	greed	energy	finance	oil	profit	risk	competition	money			energy, material prices hurt u.s. profits 3m co. and american standard cos. inc. cast a shadow of disappointment on monday as the busiest week yet of the corporate earnings period got under way, and analysts cautioned not to expect the profit picture to brighten soon.
2			coaching	baseball	basketball	sport	football	washington	maryland	baltimore			maryland upset at bb classic washington tj thompson scored 27 points as george washington defeated no. 12 maryland 101 92 in the championship game of the bb classic, the colonials fifth consecutive victory.
4			computer	cheating	privacy	technology	solution	fraud	money	security			technical problems subside at paypal most members of the online payment service paypal should be able to log on to the web site after five days of intermittent service outages and furious repair efforts, the company said...
3			business	sale	marketing	package	logistics	profit	finance	money	distribution			ups third quarter profit grows united parcel service inc., the world's largest package carrier, said on thursday its quarterly profit rose, driven in part by strength in its international and non package businesses.
4			hacking	privacy	microsoft	technology	internet	telecommunication	networking	email	security			at t chief refuses to 'miss' voip david dorman, at&t's chief executive, is determined to turn voice over internet protocol into an hbo like service that it can sell.
4			mobile	network	mobility	privacy	technology	wireless	broadband	fcc	telecommunication			fcc: 8m wireless users keep cell numbers nearly 8 million mobile phone users have switched carriers and kept their cell numbers since a new rule allowing that flexibility went into effect one year ago, according to the federal communications commission.
1			politics	election	controversy	bribery	transparency	corruption	scandal	surprise			no confidence vote passes against un top leadership already embattled with his ties to the iraqi oil for food scandal, and what some term as the 'food for sex' scandal, kofi annan has dodged the latest bullet. well, dodged only in the sense that specific allegations against him was removed at the last minute before passing. the un staff union passed a resolution sharply critical of the world body's senior management but expressed support for beleaguered secretary general kofi annan. an earlier draft of the resolution had strongly worded language about no confidence in senior staff of the united nations, which has been buffeted by scandals over the past few months.
4			wikipedia	hacking	software	technology	tool	ethics			the tools to be a cybercriminal? some websites are now offering surfers the chance to download free phishing kits containing all the graphics, web code and text required to construct the kind of bogus sites used in internet phishing scams.
1			election	politics	democracy	voting	poll	corruption	russia	ukraine			new ukraine poll looks likely way out of crisis a new ukrainian poll of some sort looks increasingly likely once again on thursday as parliament and the supreme court press ahead with efforts to resolve a national crisis over a disputed presidential election.
4			virus	computer	hacking	software	privacy	technology	encryption	internet	security	windows			a digital doctor treats computer contamination unfortunately for users, computer equipment manufacturers and resellers don't adequately inform windows users of the risks involved in accessing the internet without proper security measures.
2			coaching	hockey	doping	sport	athlete	swimming	coach	diving	canada			swimming canada fires coach swimming canada has fired head coach dave johnson, who came under fire for canada 's poor performance in the olympic pool in athens.
4			arm	graphic	mobility	ethernet	hardware	technology	multimedia	linux			arm to add multimedia booster to next gen chips arm this week added a simd engine to its armv7 isa in a bid to improve the platform 's ability to process multimedia and network datastreams.
4			technology	marketing	communication	innovation	networking	email			sbc to combine e mail, voicemail, faxes it's what executives of sbc communications inc. call their vision for the future: combining voicemail, e mail and incoming fax messages in one system that can be accessed on the web or on the phone.
2			baseball	hockey	india	athletics	sport	football	cricket	tennis	cricketer			olympics shooting loving rathore promotes olympic sports rajyavardhan singh rathore loves cricket as much as any indian, even if the national obsession with ball and bat can make it hard for the country 's olympic athletes to get a look in.
4			electronics	manufacturing	technology	korea	innovation	semiconductor	samsung	silicon	industry			samsung to make $ 24b chip investment by 2010 samsung electronics plans to invest 25 trillion won $ 24 billion in building new semiconductor production lines by 2010, the company said monday.
4			symbol	technology	trademark	spectrum	telecommunication	patent			symbol, proxim settle wlan patent case symbol technologies and proxim corporation said tuesday sept. 14 that they have settled a patent infringement case focusing on wireless lan wlan technology.
3			insurance	share	investor	investing	shareholder	stock	greed	profit	money			don't pass on ipass investors should weigh shareholder unfriendliness against a stock's cheap price.
4			ibm	computer	networking	technology	hp	patent	speed	computing			ibm fuels the need for speed at the sc2004 conference last week, ibm unveiled plans to build a commercial version of its blue gene supercomputer intended for businesses and for a number of scientific and research markets.
2			coaching	pittsburgh	baseball	statistics	basketball	sport	football	washington	detroit			penn state heading in right direction after a spring in which joe paterno went from bad cop to really bad cop, the nittany lions responded with their finest season opening performance in five years.
2			politics	baseball	violence	basketball	sport	boston	football			fighting to save plan mayor anthony williams, pushing for baseball on the anacostia, has canceled a meeting monday with the d.c. council he must sway.
2			politics	america	game	nbc	olympic	olympics	sport	athlete			a picture perfect olympics those who watched nbc 's coverage of the athens games and that 's 200 million viewers, representing 85 percent of us households have their personal olympic moments.
2			baseball	yankee	retirement	sport	money			sox hope they won't need schilling again the boston red sox will try to get curt schilling ready for another world series start. they certainly hope they don't need to use him.
3			trading	trend	company	stock	growth	finance	dow	industry			dow ends lower as wal mart sales drag blue chips ended lower on monday, under pressure from disappointing thanksgiving sales from no. 1 retailer wal mart stores inc. , while tech stocks drew support from apple computer inc. and drove the nasdaq to its highest close in 10 months.
3			buying	acquisition	company	stock	carrier	competition	consolidation	merger			stocks rise; sprint, nextel deal helps u.s. stocks rose on wednesday as wireless carrier sprint corp.'s acquisition of nextel communications inc. boosted investor hopes for more mergers.
4			convergence	technology	telecom	broadband	telecommunication	competition	consolidation	merger			the logic behind a sprint nextel deal anyone who has followed the telecom market in recent years knows that this hypercompetitive industry is badly in need of consolidation.
4			job	application	software	recruiting	immigration	microsoft	marketing	technology	migration			microsoft rolls out netware migration package microsoft is campaigning for novell netware users, again. this time microsoft is wooing netware users with a migration package that contains several incentives ranging from tools, prescriptive
2			baseball	espn	basketball	sport	football	performance	competition	color			eagles apply some more polish far from being a finished product after its first preseason scrimmage last monday, boston college's football team continued to polish its game in its second scrimmage last night at alumni stadium, despite a 45 minute delay because of lightning and torrential rain.
4			plasma	material	technology	quantum	energy	physics			particle collider edges forward physicists take a key decision on the technology to be used in the international linear collider, one of the grand scientific projects of the 21st century.
4			computer	network	data	ethernet	storage	networking	computing	linux			data ontap 7g abolishes preallocation tyranny network appliance has brought out the latest version of its data ontap software, which imposes a grid storage architecture on netapp devices by creating an abstraction layer between application servers, storage controllers and disc arrays.
2			baseball	nintendo	game	gaming	espn	sport	playstation			nintendo unveils titles for ds portable gaming system super mario, madden football and tiger woods golf highlight the opening array of games for the nintendo ds portable gaming system, scheduled for launch on nov. 21.
1			election	politics	australia	conservative	liberal	value	religion	holiday			conservatives celebrate after historic election win in australia australia 's conservative prime minister, john howard, is celebrating a decisive victory over the labor party in general elections.
2			baseball	hockey	asia	india	athletics	sport	football	cricket	canada			india and pakistan notch up first hockey wins former hockey powerhouses pakistan and india notched up their first wins of the athens olympics on tuesday, charming crowds with their trademark running games.
2			coaching	usa	shooting	baseball	volleyball	basketball	sport	football	hoop			hoops team rebounds the americans survive a poor shooting night to beat greece 77 71 at the men's olympic basketball tournament on tuesday.
4			computer	technology	machine	robot	ibm	computing			computer sets world speed record an ibm machine has reclaimed the title of world 's fastest supercomputer, overtaking a japanese model which caused shock waves within united states government agencies when it set a computing speed record in 2002.
4			mobile	network	mobility	trend	technology	nokia	telecommunication	industry			mobile phone sales surge at record pace in second quarter: gartner global sales of mobile telephones surged a record 35 percent to 156 million units in the second quarter from the same period in 2003, a study published by the us research group gartner showed.
1			election	abortion	politics	democracy	voting	ukraine	referendum	debate	turkey			a no vote on referendums paris prime minister recep tayyip erdogan of turkey, touring europe to drum up support for membership in the european union, on thursday criticized plans by several countries to let domestic referendums eventually decide his country 's future.
4			computer	linux	technology	microsoft	email	windows			copernic desktop search targeting multi lingual european markets copernic desktop search targeting multi lingual european markets copernic and its international business development partner contraco initiated a european market penetration strategy by announcing german, french, and dutch versions of the award winning copernic desktop search cds product, with an italian version soon to follow. copernic continues to outmaneuver both microsoft and ...
2			safety	sport	football	hope	pride			he 's glad to stand, cheer for old sc indians pitcher kyle denney will never complain about having to dress like a cheerleader again. the white go go boots that went with the outfit might have prevented a bullet from seriously injuring his leg.
2			boxing	doping	china	athletics	sport	weightlifting	athlete	drug	cycling			india 's pratima, four others suspended for doping : five weightlifters, including india 's pratima kumari, were thursday suspended by the international weightlifting federation iwf for failing drug tests conducted at the olympic games thursday, reports xinhua.
2			television	college	sport	music	football	tv	pop			college player, 39, does 'late show' sounds like david letterman is as big a pops fan as most everyone else.
4			electronics	wired	network	trend	sale	technology	wireless			wireless sales drive up radioshack profit radioshack corp. , the no. 3 u.s. electronics retailer, on tuesday posted a 22 percent rise in third quarter profit due to strong wireless sales and cost controls, but its shares slipped as it kept its 2004 earnings outlook unchanged.
4			product	network	privacy	technology	solution	networking	security			nortel, symantec partner on network security nortel networks yesterday announced several products as well as a partnership with symantec in moves designed to expand the company's offerings in the network security space.
4			electronics	failure	safety	technology	switching	switch	accident	reliability			switch problem on genesis craft faulty switches are identified as the most likely cause of the genesis sample return capsule's crash landing last month.
4			trend	price	privacy	technology	innovation	pricing	productivity	competition	earnings	industry			best buy 2q earnings rise on cost controls consumer electronics retailer best buy co. said wednesday that second quarter earnings rose on cost controls and improved margins to beat wall street expectations.
4			product	privacy	biotechnology	technology	company	stock	pharmaceuticals	patent	drug			update 1: medical device approvals keep stocks up medical device and drug company stocks closed up wednesday after being in the spotlight after two device companies reported food and drug administration approvals for products, but shares of cyberonics inc.
3			business	ceo	privacy	oracle	bankruptcy	corporation	accounting	email			brief: oracle reshuffles executives at peoplesoft oracle corp., now in the process of digesting its rival peoplesoft inc., did a top executive reshuffle in time for the new year, according to documents filed with the sec.
4			computer	technology	automation	machine	robot	innovation	robotic			un predicts boom in robot labor the use of robots around the home to mow lawns, vacuum floors and manage other chores is set to surge sevenfold by 2007 as more consumers snap up smart machines, the united nations said.
4			network	trend	technology	broadband	growth	networking	patent	industry			wi fi surpasses $ 1b in quarterly revenues researchers at in stat mdr reported this week that the wi fi market has experienced five years of healthy growth since 802.11b emerged as the dominant wireless standard.
4			algorithms	computer	technology	math	mathematics	ai	computing	compute			computing falls short the computing problems to be solved in the next two decades will be more exciting than those that already have been solved, according to microsoft 's bill gates.
4			software	privacy	microsoft	technology	storage	patent	email	linux			veritas to buy maker of e mail storage tools veritas software announced tuesday that it plans to acquire kvault software in a move designed to expand its e mail storage and archiving offerings.
3			itunes	buying	business	technology	shopping	retail	online			virtual storefronts are rent free on livedeal the locally focused web marketplace made its official debut last week, offering free for life storefronts to sellers and the ability to list anything for sale at no cost.
4			computer	linux	programming	software	technology	microsoft	networking	competition	computing	windows			tinker with your computer, and reap the rewards while microsoft and google dominate many computer activities like search and internet browsing, programs and utilities from smaller companies offer worthy alternatives.
4			electronics	gaming	privacy	technology	tech	innovation	education	industry			cnet gets makeover to broaden its appeal a go to web site for tech product reviews is expanding from geekville to soccer moms and dads. the shift is aimed at showing tired, wired consumers how to make high tech gadgets work together.
3			product	sale	marketing	growth	profit	innovation	staple	earnings	industry			staples posts 39 jump in second quarter profit riding strong sales across its office products portfolio, staples inc. yesterday reported a 39 per cent jump in second quarter profit that topped wall street forecasts.
1			election	indonesia	president	politics	democracy	race	candidate	malaysia	victory			new indonesia chief marks victory indonesia 's president elect has finally given his victory speech, almost three weeks after the country 's first direct presidential poll.
2			coaching	baseball	sport	football	quarterback			orton stubblefield connection lifts purdue purdue offensive coordinator jim chaney doesn 't care to coach football as an 11 on 11 sport. he wants the game boiled down to his guy against the other guy.
4			device	india	privacy	technology	tech	linux			techbrief: this way to the web advanced micro devices on thursday unveiled a low cost internet access device aimed at first time users in india, mexico and the caribbean.
3			brand	branding	business	challenge	strategy	innovation	competition			euro's kemp sees 'challenge' at bbdo marcus kemp said his new job as vice chairman and chief creative officer at bbdo in atlanta has all the challenges in our industry including building a brand with the shop's largest account cingular following a major acquisition at t wireless .
4			industry	computer	chip	intel	technology	performance	silicon	security	linux			nasdaq chipped by intel technology stocks sank friday after intel corp., the world 's largest chipmaker, disappointed investors by slashing its revenue forecast.
4			computer	pc	chip	hardware	technology	pcs	intel	computing	linux			amd trumps intel chipmaker advanced micro devices made its latest claim to the title of fastest pc microprocessor today, when it announced a pair of new chips aimed at the high end of the pc market.
4			hardware	technology	quantum	performance	time	patent	security			quantum snags lto rival certance after preaching the superiority of its dlt tape format for years, quantum has up and bought certance, a key maker of the rival lto format.
3			inflation	trading	trend	price	company	stock	market	security	industry			stocks slip after colgate warns stocks fell on monday as warnings of lower earnings from consumer goods giants colgate palmolive and unilever weighed on markets.
1			politics	election	putin	democracy	corruption	reform	russia	privatization			russia's putin defends political reforms russian president vladimir putin said thursday he had no plans to grab more power or change the constitution when reforming russia's government structure, dismissing fears in the west he is watering down democracy.
1			election	politics	protest	violence	democracy	censorship	russia	ukraine			more protests as ukraine talks end without agreement opposition supporters in ukraine continue to block key government buildings, after the first meeting between two presidential rivals ended without agreement and amid opposition threats of action if the election dispute is not resolved within days.
1			politics	government	business	economics	finance	money	policy	recession			brown to drive home economic message chancellor gordon brown was today preparing for this weeks vital pre budget report against a backdrop of dire warnings from business groups and economists
4			statistics	revenue	technology	microsoft	performance	strategy	productivity	industry			microsoft tops its earnings expectations september quarter was a good one, but software maker's revenue forecast for current period falls short of analysts' expectations.
2			boxing	statistics	australia	sport	golf	football	tennis			snooker: eddie charlton dies australian snooker star eddie charlton dies in new zealand following an operation.
4			industry	electronics	christmas	pc	computer	television	technology	apple	consumer	linux			pc makers eye consumer electronics all over again dell, gateway and hp are making another run at consumer electronics for the 2004 holiday season.
2			coaching	australia	rugby	retirement	sport	race	rowing	cycling			olympic rowing champion pinsent bows out a few months after winning his fourth olympic gold medal matthew pinsent, one of britain 's premier rowers in recent years has announced his retirement.
2			baseball	sport	boston	football	cancer	money			why a red sox fan shouldn 't really want his team to end the world ou have a friend who is a boston red sox fan. a good, loyal friend. a confidant you can pity. boy, you say to him, the sox are strong this year.
3			business	manufacturing	trend	marketing	halloween	fashion	bankruptcy	retail			off 5th in 100 oaks to close in january saks fifth avenue enterprises plans to close its off 5th store in the 100 oaks mall in nashville. the closure is one of three off 5th locations the company is shuttering, along with eight of its saks fifth avenue stores.
4			windows	detail	hardware	software	technology	microsoft	change	security	linux			microsoft overhauls longhorn plans to get next version of windows out on time, company to delay some planned features, sources say.
3			job	employee	business	company	ft	bank	bankruptcy	office			office depot says it will cut 900 jobs office depot plans to cut 900 jobs as it consolidates operations at eight call centers and offices in six states. in a filing with the securities and exchange commission, office
2			sport	music	race	football	money			football team hoping to score with big boi the football team is 2 4 and attendance is down, but middle tennessee state is hoping outkast 's big boi can save the day. no, the rapper isn 't suiting up.
3			business	manufacturing	aviation	car	technology	growth	finance	transportation	industry			navistar up 2.7 percent in pre trade shares of navistar international corp. rose 2.7 percent before the bell on monday after the commercial truck maker said it expects higher fourth quarter earnings and revenue.
1			politics	election	voting	gov	poll	censorship	ballot	immigration			schwarzenegger oks ban on paperless voting gov. arnold schwarzenegger signed a law requiring that all electronic voting machines produce paper records of every ballot cast, beginning in 2006.
4			device	network	ethernet	wireless	technology	networking	intel	linux			intel eyes remote wireless device management intel is working on a device management technology that could allow it departments to use existing management software to bring a slew of wireless devices under the it department umbrella.
4			chip	technology	finance	silicon	intel	security	industry			texas instruments narrows forecast texas instruments inc. , the world's largest maker of chips for cell phones, on tuesday said it expects fourth quarter revenue and earnings per share at the mid range of its previous estimates, as order trends remain soft.
3			job	business	ceo	unemployment	technology	growth	risk	money	industry			eds chief sees possibility of 15,000 20,000 job cuts dallas electronic data systems, the beleaguered technology company, may cut as many as 20,000 jobs in coming years, its chief executive, michael jordan, has told investors.
2			politics	boxing	baseball	basketball	sport	football	drug	wrestling	money			fans can throw financial punches just when you start to think pro athletes have nothing in common anymore with the customers, along comes the brawl in auburn hills, mich.
4			industry	ibm	manufacturing	technology	company	innovation	patent	linux			ibm unveils latest on demand tech center ibm on monday unveiled a technology lab for customers looking to test the company 's products for managing computer resources based on business demands.
4			itunes	music	privacy	technology	wireless	internet	broadband	speed			welcome to the broadband world this is a great time to have broadband. also: dual connect mobile phones, life beyond ipod, multiple music sources, and cheap backup. 149;welcome to the broadband world 149;wi fi phones: a natural duo 149;more choices in music players... 149; in music services 149;time to back up
4			processor	computer	chip	hardware	technology	memory	intel	computing	linux			intel demonstrates new chips intel corp. president paul s. otellini yesterday demonstrated new chips scheduled for release next year that simultaneously run tasks such as burning cds and playing video games
4			network	mobility	ethernet	wireless	broadband	internet	communication	fiber	networking			sbc details fiber plans sbc communications inc. on thursday announced plans to reach 18 million homes with an ip network by the end of 2007 at a cost of $ 4 billion.
2			boxing	basketball	athletics	sport	golf	football	athlete	tennis	cycling			heartbreak for deakes sloping off: nathan deakes walks with one foot off the ground after his disqualification from the men 's 50km walk. photo: ap picture:mark baker.
1			politics	election	china	voting	oracle	candidate	email			oracle to nominate four peoplesoft directors software company oracle orcl said wednesday it plans to nominate four candidates for election in 2005 to the board of its rival and takeover target peoplesoft psft .
3			politics	business	jarvis	technology	company	growth	finance	asbestos	money	industry			jarvis warns on refinancing deal troubled engineering and construction group jarvis says it faces a bleak future unless it completes a financial restructuring soon.
4			electronics	computer	technology	telecommunication	ibm	email	industry			ibm invests $ 250m in rfid ibm announced monday a $ 250 million investment in rfid radio frequency identification , an emerging technology that is being mandated by the likes of wal mart stores inc.
1			politics	america	controversy	election	television	kerry	debate	mccain			bush and kerry begin debate preparation their first debate less than a week away, president bush and democrat john kerry kept their public schedules clear on saturday and began to focus on their prime time showdown.
4			mobile	radio	mobility	cellular	wireless	broadband	technology	phone			'push to talk' meets wi fi fcc says cellular carriers are working on extending the walkie talkie feature to wi fi networks which could mean to voip phones.
4			linux	data	software	privacy	technology	storage	reliability	security	industry			storage software revenue stays aloft companies' desire to squeeze more out of storage gear pushes storage software revenue to a 17 percent rise over last year, idc says.
4			connectivity	privacy	technology	storage	migration	networking	gateway	email	security	windows			gateway: hang onto your hard drive new service plan lets customers keep old drives after replacement to protect data.
2			controversy	espn	basketball	sport	football	vs	rivalry			bryant, o neal rivalry focus of new nba season the headline grabbing rivalry between shaquille o neal and kobe bryant is likely to dominate the opening weeks of the nba season that begins on tuesday.
4			computer	pc	linux	privacy	technology	apple	pcs	silicon	windows			intel shelves plan to turn desktop into wi fi hub an ambitious plan to turn millions of desktop computers into hubs of wireless internet access has been shelved after pc makers balked at the price of the feature, intel corp. said on monday.
4			science	safety	chemicals	biotechnology	technology	research	chemistry			closures 'could benefit chemistry' the uk might be better off with fewer but larger and better funded chemistry departments, a leading academic says.
3			gm	industry	manufacturing	company	shareholder	bankruptcy	corporation	consolidation	mill			general mills buying back 16.5m shares general mills inc. said monday it plans to buy back about 16.5 million shares of its common stock from beverage company diageo plc.
4			virus	business	technology	fraud	email	security	industry			top ten viruses and hoaxes reported to sophos in october 2004 sophos, a world leader in protecting businesses against spam and viruses, has published a report revealing the top ten viruses and hoaxes causing problems for businesses around the world.
4			ibm	ethernet	privacy	technology	microsoft	company	patent	industry			ibm jumps into liberty alliance com october 21, 2004, 7:42 am pt. this priority retains its ranking at number five as more and more companies deploy web services to share business logic, data and processes with each other and with clients.
2			boxing	baseball	kobe	basketball	sport	tennis	competition			mirage takes early action on shaq kobe a bitter feud between former teammates kobe bryant and shaquille o neal continues to escalate, and it 's not too soon to bet on the winner of their first duel.
2			baseball	hockey	volleyball	basketball	sport	soccer	golf	football	tennis			long winded matchup goes federer 's way layers shirts beat against their bodies like waves against a rock. the tennis ball often did a strange jig as it crossed the net.
4			electronics	statistics	computer	hardware	inventory	technology	storage	efficiency	security	linux			report: los alamos lab needs better hardware inventory in a report this week, the u.s. department of energy said inventory controls at the los alamos national laboratory were not robust enough, and some computers were never entered into the lab's inventory database.
3			company	industry	marketing	business			business search engine adds content providers business search engine adds content providers , a search engine for business professionals, today announced that it has signed pricewaterhousecoopers llc, ibisworld, ioma, datamonitor, and mintel as new premium content providers for the business search engine. was founded in june 2004 to provide a solution for business professionals in ...
1			election	politics	protest	putin	democracy	corruption	russia	ukraine			ukraine president eyes new vote facing a relentless tide of opposition protests, embattled president leonid kuchma said yesterday that a new election might be the only way out of a spiraling crisis that threatens to break up this former soviet republic between the pro russia east and the western leaning rest of ukraine.
4			industry	application	software	technology	nokia	siemens	sap	linux			sap, infineon unveil rfid management system german business software vendor sap ag and chip maker infineon technologies ag have launched a new software management system for connecting rfid radio frequency identification hardware and software from multiple vendors, the companies announced tuesday.
3			inflation	company	stock	profit	oil	corporation	money	earnings	industry			stocks fall sharply on oil, fannie mae stocks fell sharply on wednesday after oil prices climbed above $ 48 a barrel and investment bank morgan stanley reported a decline in quarterly profit, stirring concern about corporate earnings.
3			business	technology	marketing	company	finance	corporation	money			sbc, bellsouth let their fingers do the walking companies are buying and will expand it into a nationwide online business directory.
1			politics	democrat	voting	race	black	racism			black vote firmly behind kerry: jesse jackson civil rights leader jesse jackson insisted that polls suggesting lukewarm african american support for democratic presidential candidate john kerry will be proved wrong on election day.
3			business	revenue	acquisition	company	restructuring	debt	finance	loss	bankruptcy	accounting			delphi report quarterly loss delphi corp. today reported third quarter revenues of $ 6.65 billion, and a net loss of $ 114 million or a loss of $ 0.20 per share. excluding the impact of previously announced restructuring charges, delphi
3			business	investor	investing	greed	fraud	strategy	finance	wealth	money			soros gives bigger role to sons billionaire philanthropist and speculator george soros has given his sons greater responsibility in his firm as it spins off real estate and credit card operations in a move to return to its roots as a hedge fund, a company memo said.
1			election	politics	democracy	syria	corruption	iran	iraq	poll	terrorism			17 iraqi parties pressing for delay in elections groups fear that a vote amid persistent violence and a boycott by sunnis would deprive the results of legitimacy.
4			electronics	radio	privacy	technology	tv	money	phone			panero: xm ceo sees cell phones as next satellite radio frontier magic can happen. sirius satellite radio nasdaq: siri news people may have signed howard stern and the men 's ncaa basketball tournaments, but xm satellite radio nasdaq: xmsr news people has its sights on your cell phone.
4			electronics	computer	chip	hardware	intel	technology	networking	silicon	linux			it 's amd inside amd has been the perennial underdog to behemoth intel. noe amd is challenging intel with a new class of microprocessors. this time, it 's intel is having to play catch up.
4			computer	linux	hardware	technology	hp	networking	intel	security	windows			intel releases new leader of pentium m pack zdnet 's survey of it professionals in october kept upgrading hardware at number two on the businesses radar throughout the year.
2			baseball	hockey	nhl	fan	sport	football	canada			camby locks onto puck fans marcus camby is a hockey fan. he wasn 't happy when his hometown hartford whalers bolted to north carolina in 1997. but the denver nuggets center realizes the nhl lockout can benefit his team.
3			business	ceo	microsoft	technology	company	marketing	ibm	email	industry			ibm beefs up isv programs hoping to both bolster resources available to its network of business partners as well as expand its number of partners, ibm on tuesday introduced services and support programs that boost financial support for co marketing campaigns and grant deeper access to ibm 's sales network to close deals faster.
4			hacking	privacy	technology	tech	copyright	patent	security			sharman witness: tech can control illegal swapping sharman networks has called former napster expert witness justin tygar to give his testimony during the ongoing trial against the parent company of kazaa for alleged copyright infringement.
3			business	stock	loss	profit	finance	risk	competition	money			costco disappoints on profit, stock falls costco wholesale corp. , the largest u.s. warehouse club, on thursday posted a 21 percent rise in quarterly profit but its shares fell after it failed to beat expectations.
4			processor	electronics	computer	chip	hardware	technology	silicon	intel			intel devising chip line for consumer electronics a new group of processors could put the chipmaker inside your set top box.
4			mobile	network	mobility	technology	nokia	communication	telecommunication	carrier	phone			vodafone launches new 3g phones vodafone has ushered in a new era in mobile communications with the launch of 3g third generation services in 13 countries, including the uk.
2			baseball	statistics	television	espn	replay	sport	nfl	football	tv	highlights			7 days monday br nfl on demand br extended highlights br with the addition of the nfl network to comcast and starpower cable, digital subscribers can now access free highlights of every nfl game. minus broadcast network mumbo jumbo commentary, the highlights last eight to 20 minutes...
2			politics	baseball	history	television	espn	sport	football	texas			texas rises to no. 7 in latest bcs rankings and not only on the political spectrum. another november another bcs college football quagmire looming. with the release
4			politics	cyber	computer	hacking	privacy	technology	terrorism	security			us gets new cyber security chief the us has a new head of cyber security, a week after his predecessor suddenly resigned.
4			technology	internet	google	advertising	analytics	competition			google profit up in 1st reported quarter web search leader google inc. , in its first earnings report as a publicly held company, on thursday posted a profit of $ 52.0 million in the third quarter on strong web search advertising.
1			politics	britain	election	war	democracy	violence	peace	power	terrorism	blair			blair in northern ireland bargaining tony blair is preparing to urge unionists and republicans to agree to a deal that would transform northern ireland 's deadlocked peace process.
1			politics	power	people	emotion	god			supporters say truscott has been an inspiration of calm, quiet strength ottawa cp it's the apparent absence of any bitterness or anger that makes steven truscott remarkable, his supporters say.
4			computer	programming	microsoft	technology	ibm	computing	linux			computing pioneers get historical nod spreadsheet pioneer dan bricklin is among the computing innovators honored by the computer history museum.
1			election	politics	democracy	talk	parliament	ireland	strategy	wales	belfast			key ni talks continue northern ireland 's politicians are preparing for a second day of intensive talks aimed at restoring devolved government. the talks, continuing on friday at leeds castle in kent, are seen as the most important
4			ibm	computer	hardware	technology	power	machine	patent	computing	linux			this week in supercomputers a new list of the top machines is about to be released and sgi, ibm and others are jostling for bragging rights.
4			mobile	network	mobility	city	technology	broadband	wireless	networking			verizon wireless expands high speed data network erizon wireless said on wednesday that it would expand its wireless high speed data network into 14 additional cities, including new york and los angeles, starting on monday.
3			business	ceo	economics	greed	finance	profit	money			mcdonald 's raises dividend, shares climb mcdonald 's corp. mcd.n: quote, profile, research on tuesday raised its annual dividend 38 percent, a move the world 's largest restaurant chain said is another sign of its revitalization.
4			security	network	privacy	technology	vulnerability	internet	encryption	networking	surveillance			report: enterprises go outside for security help it is no secret that enterprise networks are increasingly under attack from a variety of sources that are difficult to thwart. to address the problem, many are turning to outside security providers, which is driving the rapid evolution of new safeguarding technologies, according to research conducted by the yankee group.
3			bribery	ceo	economics	shareholder	company	bonus	finance	corporation	accounting	money			ca execs can keep bonuses for now computer associates international shareholders vote down a proposal to recoup money paid to top execs during an accounting scandal.
1			politics	america	news	election	democracy	information	american			us voters 'going online for news' more than 40 of wired americans have used the net for information about the us election, a study finds.
1			politics	election	result	democracy	voting	kabul	iran	candidate	afghanistan			crisis over, afghanistan heads for vote count afghanistan was preparing on tuesday to count votes after rivals of president hamid karzai said they had withdrawn their rejection of the weekend presidential poll.
4			technology	company	finance	patent	google	money			corrected: google sells 19.6 million shares at $ 85 each google inc., the world's largest search engine, said on wednesday it sold 19.6 million shares at $ 85 apiece in its long awaited initial public offering, raising $ 1.67 billion for the company.
4			collaborative	collaboration	progress	construction	technology	project	development			autodesk tackles project collaboration autodesk this week unwrapped an updated version of its hosted project collaboration service targeted at the construction and manufacturing industries. autodesk buzzsaw lets multiple, dispersed project participants including building owners, developers, architects, construction teams, and facility managers share and manage data throughout the life of a project, according to autodesk officials.
3			product	business	sale	marketing	growth	innovation	competition	food	industry			hardee 's september sales up 5 on new products new products helped push hardee 's food systems inc. 's sales up 5.1 percent in the four weeks ended oct. 4, its parent company said wednesday.
4			safety	network	wireless	technology	telecommunication	networking	security			fedex ground steps to bluetooth and gprs wireless fedex's ground division already uses wireless rfid for asset tracking, but officials are taking a wait and see approach to other rfid possibilities.
4			electronics	computer	device	car	technology	tech	gear	toy			digital gear: internet keys and cool cigars recent gadgets hitting the market include a portable hard drive, a multimedia player, a bluetooth device and more.
4			electronics	radio	computer	itunes	device	music	technology	listening	audio			review: device lets you record radio shows call it tivo for the radio. a new 70 device called radioshark lets you record your favorite am and fm radio shows to your home computer and enjoy them later either from the desktop or a portable device.
4			computer	java	hardware	technology	power	hp	computing	linux			a renaissance for the workstation? santa clara, calif. based orion multisystems has come up with a new type of workstation that can hold several processors clustered together for greater power.
4			electronics	taiwan	manufacturing	chip	technology	semiconductor	patent	intel	industry			taiwan semiconductor reports record profit taiwan semiconductor manufacturing co., the world 's biggest producer of made to order chips, on tuesday reported record net profits in the third quarter amid increased demand for chips for cameras, mobile phones, notebook computers and other devices.
4			application	linux	java	storage	technology	nec	ibm	computing	server			nec four way server supports high availability apps nec solutions america 's new four processor express5800 340hb is designed for data center applications, server consolidation, and server virtualization.
1			politics	election	spending	washington	strategy	finance	convention	money			convention timing gives bush money edge john kerry cut his campaign spending sharply last month in an effort to stretch 75 million in government funding, but he still started september with several million less than president bush.
4			computer	computing	aids	biotechnology	technology	ibm	cancer	ai	industry			ibm builds world community grid finding a cure for a major disease like cancer or aids is among the lofty objectives of an initiative launched by ibm nyse: ibm . the tech giant is constructing a world community grid wcg and enlisting the help of the world's computer users.
4			chip	hardware	intel	technology	nokia	hp	semiconductor	silicon	linux			intel joins nokia, symbian to make smart phone chips in an effort to get inside the growing number of advanced mobile phones throughout the world, the company has joined with cell phone maker nokia and u.k. software company symbian to develop processor chips for such high end smart phones.
2			mobile	baseball	espn	sport	football	carrier	sprint			espn to launch mobile phone service in sprint deal walt disney co. 's espn sports television network is launching its own brand of mobile phone service in a deal with sprint corp.
4			computer	dell	biotechnology	technology	plant	ibm	silicon	linux			dell's dirty words: outsourcing, proprietary speaking at a conference in boston, ceo kevin rollins expounds on his philosophies about all things it. br photos: inside dell's plant
1			election	politics	democracy	colorado	california	voting	rule	voter	electoral			judge rules in electoral college lawsuit a federal judge tuesday left it up to the voters to decide on election day whether to change the way colorado distributes its electoral votes for president.
4			music	technology	patent	blackberry	google			rim patent suit partly upheld a us appeals court upheld a patent infringement finding against blackberry e mail device maker research in motion ltd. quote, profile
2			politics	baseball	soccer	sport	football	stadium	washington	softball			cropp lacks votes d.c. council chairman linda w. cropp said sunday that she appears short on votes to support her alternative proposal to construct a major league ballpark adjacent to rfk stadium.
2			basketball	sport	football	denver	money			nuggets too quick for heat denver this was western conference basketball, running, soaring and scoring, and the denver nuggets were the latest team from the west to remind the heat it really isn 't suited for that kind of game.
3			business	investor	investment	investing	growth	finance	money			not as much ventured, but more to gain? when members of the early stage venture capital alliance gathered here last month for its annual golf outing, the conversation turned as it invariably does when venture capitalists congregate
4			windows	computer	xp	hardware	software	technology	microsoft	strategy	linux			microsoft preps xp push, mulls longhorn 'priorities' software giant readies slew of new products for the holidays and revisits options for major windows revision, has learned.
1			election	politics	campaign	voting	rule	censorship	fraud	money	ethics			us judge orders election agency to tighten rules a federal judge has ordered the federal election commission to enact tougher restrictions on how millions of dollars are spent on campaigns, saying that its rules have
1			election	politics	history	democracy	iran	iraq	candidate	terrorism	afghanistan			karzai all but certain of afghan election majority interim leader hamid karzai has clinched a majority of the votes in afghanistan 's first presidential election under near complete results monday, leaving him all but certain of becoming this war wrecked nation 's first democratically
1			election	politics	democrat	poll	kerry	bush	mccain	republican			bush's lead gets smaller in poll president bush leads sen. john kerry by 8 percentage points among likely voters, the latest usa today cnn gallup poll shows. that is a smaller advantage than the president held in mid september but shows him maintaining a durable edge in a race that was essentially tied for months.
4			computer	business	code	software	privacy	technology	law	copyright	ethics			software doesn't break laws... what do file sharing companies and the national rifle association have in common? a common legal argument, that's what.
4			computer	linux	china	airbus	technology	networking	ibm	computing	server			ibm aims for top 10 with new spanish supercomputer the new supercomputer employs a cluster of 2,520 eserver bladecenter js20 systems running the linux operating system and could be the first supercomputer to get a top 10 ranking using blade server technology.
2			coaching	baseball	expectation	fan	basketball	sport	football	coach	quarterback			eagles clinch nfc east, aim higher there was no champagne celebration by the players, no gatorade bath for the coach. maybe another team would be impressed with itself after clinching
2			computer	game	television	sport	technology	football	broadcasting	tv			football broadcasters make real thing look more like video games that ufo you might see whizzing over thursday night 's florida state north carolina state football game is not just a camera it 's the link between televised football and the video games they seek to mimic.
1			election	politics	putin	democracy	corruption	russia	ukraine	terrorism			ukraine president bows to pressure, backs new vote outgoing ukrainian president leonid kuchma, bowing to mass street protests and international pressure, on monday backed a new presidential election to end a crisis that is tearing the nation apart.
3			safety	business	ceo	airbus	mr	management	strategy	money			eads co ceo hertrich to step down in 2005 rainer hertrich, a co chief executive of the european aeronautic defence and space co., will leave his position in 2005 when his contract expires, a company spokesman said sunday.
2			boxing	baseball	statistics	england	soccer	sport	football	cricket	liverpool			memory of clough defies the rain football celebrities and fans have gathered to pay their respects to legendary former manager brian clough. around 14,000 braved rain and wind to attend the memorial service at derby county 's pride park stadium.
3			insurance	business	flying	flight	greed	bankruptcy	competition	money			mr. watchdog plan ahead to protect interests here 's what consumers ought to know about flying on the dominant airline for much of the carolinas. q. will us airways keep flying if the airline files again for bankruptcy?
4			science	statistics	computer	computing	data	privacy	technology	research	security			researchers cruise in purdue data cave high performance computing and artificial intelligence software may blast through barriers in data management to create a so called data cave, like the one tom cruise uses to catch crooks in the movie minority report .
4			mobility	manufacturing	hardware	technology	performance	design	industry			ibm and intel go public with design specs of the bladecenter ... ibm and intel have announced that they are to open up the design specifications of their bladecenter platform. the partners say that the publishing of the specs is intended to enable third parties to design and build compatible kit and grow the market.
2			baseball	espn	basketball	fan	sport	football	vs			shaq is hot stuff basketball star shaquille o neal could not have made a better home debut for his new club the miami heat. the american airlines arena felt the full force of the shaq attack as a record crowd of more than
4			electronics	device	mobility	wireless	technology	nokia	siemens	patent	phone			siemens sf65 to turn heads the german handset maker joins the ranks of swivel inducing manufacturers with its new sf65, a megapixel toting mobile phone with a clamshell design.
3			acquisition	trade	business	detail	company	finance			cendant corporation acquires gullivers travel associates and ... new york and london, dec. 16 prnewswire firstcall cendant corporation nyse:cd today announced that it has agreed to acquire privately held, uk based gullivers travel associates, the trading name of donvand ltd.
4			trading	chip	europe	technology	finance	competition	money	intel	industry			chipmakers pump up european stocks european stock markets hit their highest levels in nearly 2 1 2 years on friday, pumped up by chipmakers infineon and asml after industry bellwether intel boosted its quarterly revenue outlook.
1			politics	computer	violence	gaming	democracy	terrorism	education			outrage over jfk slay video game a british firm seeking to capitalize on the anniversary of president john f. kennedy 's murder today is issuing jfk reloaded, a purportedly educational docu game that lets players
2			baseball	team	clemson	espn	basketball	sport	golf	football	usc			no. 21 boston college 36, no. 13 west virginia 17 paul peterson threw two first half touchdown passes and no. 21 boston college returned two punts for scores to beat no. 13 west virginia 36 17 saturday.
4			electronics	lcd	television	mobility	technology	wireless	color			qualcomm pays $ 170 million for display start up the wireless company buys a majority stake in iridigm, developer of a brighter, low cost alternative to lcd screens.
2			coaching	baseball	history	sport	nfl	football	quarterback	leadership			chiefs rush for nfl record 8 tds neither 12 years in the league nor nine trips to the pro bowl could prepare left tackle willie roaf for what he did, saw and felt on this history making day.
1			politics	election	edward	cheney	kerry	candidate	strategy	washington	debate			edwards, cheney gear up for sole vp debate both presidential campaigns are looking for a boost at the other's expense tuesday when vice president dick cheney and democratic rival john edwards square off for the only vice presidential debate of the 2004 election.
4			computer	graphic	linux	hardware	technology	performance	memory	computing	color			nvidia turbocaches geforce 6200 nvidia corporation, a leader in graphics and digital media processors has introduced the nvidia geforce 6200 graphics processing unit gpu with turbocache technology.
4			television	ethernet	technology	wireless	networking	tv	video	linux			belkin designs pc less video extender belkin on tuesday announced a wireless remote technology that would beam live video to a remote monitor.
4			technology	siemens	telecom	telecommunication	patent	industry			siemens a1.86bn deal with bbc german industrial giant siemens has signed aa1.86 billion contract to deliver technology services around the world to the bbc, a deal that will see it acquire the broadcaster 's technology subsidiary.
3			revenue	investing	performance	loss	finance	profit	risk	money	earnings			infineon posts 10 percent profit drop infineon 's net profit fell to $ 54.6 million in the fourth quarter from $ 63 million in the third quarter of last year. the net result came up short of analyst forecasts of $ 169 million.
4			windows	computer	hardware	technology	microsoft	networking	intel	security	linux			microsoft rolls out fresh windows xp 64 beta while microsoft and amd are suggesting it will be well into next year before the final version of winxp 64 is released, yesterday it started offering a fresh preview edition of its up and coming software which now supports both intel and amd 64 bit ...
1			politics	election	putin	democracy	corruption	russia	ukraine			russia 's upper house passes bill tightening putin 's grip on ... russia 's upper house of parliament has approved president vladimir putin 's controversial plan to end direct elections to choose regional governors, and allow the kremlin to appoint them instead.
1			politics	news	democracy	france	greed	terrorism	money			rothschild buys stake in liberation paper when the leading left wing tabloid sells a sizable stake to a rothschild heir, you know things are getting desperate for france 's newspaper industry.
3			thursday	business	trend	tax	company	stock	profit	money			stocks to watch thursday the world's no. 2 soft drink company said on thursday quarterly profit rose due to tax benefits.
4			computer	privacy	technology	broadband	internet	communication	telecommunication	networking	email			earthlink 's calling earthlink nasdaq: elnk is the latest company to bridge the internet and the telephone. it 's offering voice over internet protocol or voip service for free to its customers, as it announced in a press release today.
3			business	ceo	india	management	technology	company	ibm	industry			ibm to manage customer relations for d b deal has big blue handling data acquisition and delivery, customer service, financial processes for business information provider.
4			electronics	computer	technology	economics	company	tech	energy	finance	industry			tech stocks tumble after chip makers warn us stocks fell on thursday, hit by a sharp drop in technology shares following a slew of sales warnings from semiconductor makers, and as oil prices rose nearly $ 1 a barrel.
4			mobile	application	java	technology	evolution	apps			smarter mobile java framework on tap for 2005 a new push is on for a smarter, less finicky java mobile architecture with the goal of making it easier for java j2me architects and devs to design, deploy, develop and manage mobile apps.
4			computer	picture	privacy	technology	image	camera	photography	imaging			microsoft wants to improve your image new imaging software is making eyes at those squinty camera phone pictures.
2			cycling	track	race	sport	bicycle	cyclist	racing			cyclist gets gold plus the record athens capping a perfect year, sarah ulmer of new zealand set a stunning world record and won olympic gold to add to her world title in the three kilometer pursuit on sunday.
2			politics	england	rugby	sport	football	arsenal			arsenal football club and manchester united football club hold ... the top brass at arsenal football club and manchester united football club have met in the wake of sundays game at old trafford.
1			politics	controversy	corruption	football	criticism	racism			last chance saloon for diouf el hadji diouf has always enjoyed courting controversy. be it spitting, diving or being a general nuisance to all and sundry the senegal international has a penchant for getting involved in the more unsavoury side of the game.
2			coaching	college	espn	basketball	bc	sport	football	coach	quarterback			eagles not striking but can go bowling tom o'brien just couldn't figure it out. the boston college coach seemed momentarily stumped when asked to take stock of how the eagles had reached this point of the season. with three games left, bc has a 6 2 record 2 1 big east , is ranked no. 24 in the associated press top 25 no. 25 in the espn usa today coaches poll , ...
1			politics	citizenship	election	voting	immigration	migration	voter	immigrant			fairfax e voting video speaks immigrants' languages fairfax county is putting its technology prowess to work for its new immigrants on election day.
4			dell	computer	chip	software	technology	hp	networking	silicon	intel	linux			study: hp is world's top chip buyer hewlett packard will shell out $ 16.1 billion for chips in 2005, but dell's wallet is wide open too.
4			electronics	dell	computer	manufacturing	software	technology	silicon	linux			top computer makers: dell dell is both profitable and well regarded, thanks to its habit of delivering serviceable but unexciting products at good prices and supporting them well enough to keep buyers coming back.
3			industry	coal	trade	manufacturing	stock	growth	steel	corporation	merger			industry merger drives steel stocks stock in pittsburgh based us steel corp. and other publicly traded domestic steel companies posted large gains monday on news of a three way merger that will create the world 's largest steelmaker.
2			baseball	hockey	game	nhl	gaming	sport	football	canada			endangered nhl season to hit ice via video games cable channel g4techtv promises to make the 2004 2005 season happen one way or another by staging reproductions of key games.
4			collaboration	learning	technology	expert	expertise	innovation	talent	ethics			in search of open source experts as companies ramp up open source deployments, expertise is in high demand and short supply. the costs of developing talent can add up.
4			computer	itunes	software	music	storage	technology	memory	linux			smaller, cuter isn 't always better now that digital music players have evolved beyond the ability to store 20 gigabytes worth of music, storage capacity memory is no longer the only factor to consider before buying.
1			politics	election	democracy	cheating	voting	privacy	technology	fraud	ethics			state to slam diebold with suit california attorney general bill lockyer will move forward with a false claims lawsuit against the electronic voting machine maker. the golden state accuses diebold of installing electronic voting systems that were not tested or approved.
4			business	technology	startup	blog	innovation	seo	google			start up looks to help firms hang out their e shingles demandware service designed to help midsize firms open shop online as fast as with a hosted service, but with more customization.
1			politics	election	beijing	result	democracy	china	poll	corruption	candidate			hk vote count late, few democrat gains in exit polls hong kong pro democracy candidates, stung by a sex scandal, made limited gains against the beijing camp in legislative polls as voters wary of irking their communist rulers chose stability, results showed on monday.
3			business	ceo	sale	software	technology	marketing	company	microsoft	seo			enhances its software as service approach ceo benioff co. are more of a disruptive force in the software industry than ever before. by tony kontzer. salesforce.
3			trend	sale	technology	company	growth	ft	earnings	industry			radioshack sees '05 earnings up radioshack corp. , the no. 3 u.s consumer electronics chain, said on wednesday it expects 2005 earnings per share growth of as much as 21 percent as it improves customer service and expands implements new growth initiatives.
2			politics	baseball	history	controversy	sport	phelps			phelps will finish olympics as a spectator michael phelps doesn't mind making history while sitting in the stands. the man who dominated the attention at the olympic pool gave up a coveted spot on the 400 meter medley relay team to ian crocker...
4			authentication	product	application	network	privacy	technology	system	security			caymas introduces company and products caymas systems made its formal debut monday, releasing three identity driven access gateways designed for control of internal and external access to enterprise data and applications.
2			coaching	baseball	survival	basketball	sport	football			staying alive the bears believe they need to win out in order to have a chance at playing in the postseason. although five straight wins dont guarantee the bears anything, if chad hutchinson plays the way he
2			baseball	basketball	sport	golf	football	connecticut			no. 8 connecticut tops holy cross, 75 36 ann strother had 16 points and charde houston added 14 to lead no. 8 connecticut to a 75 36 victory over holy cross on sunday.
4			chip	price	intel	technology	value	performance	pricing	silicon	linux			intel and amd keep value battle alive with their 64 bit chip war running at full tilt, rivals intel and amd quote, chart are bolstering efforts on their value priced lineups.
2			coaching	baseball	statistics	manager	sport	management	player	coach	chess			showalter, cox are tops bobby cox and buck showalter were given little chance of success after payroll purges pushed out key players. proving the predictions wrong, their teams won, anyway, and so did the managers.
4			computer	mouse	privacy	technology	robot	color			laser mouse conquers new surfaces logitech's new mouse is as comfortable on opaque glass as it is four wheeling over rough desk surfaces.
4			statistics	computer	graphic	manufacturing	technology	performance	copyright	patent	industry			ati technologies 4th qtr profit doubles as sales rise ati technologies inc., the world 's second biggest maker of computer graphics chips, said fourth quarter profit more than doubled, helped by sales of graphics enhanced cell phones and high definition televisions.
4			electronics	device	chip	hardware	usb	technology	apple	intel			amd unveils chip for portable video players advanced micro devices amd has developed a low power chip that it thinks will make portable video players more compelling by reducing the time needed to transfer content to the devices. the company is expected to announce the chip at the international consumer electronics show ces monday.
3			product	store	trend	sale	marketing	stock	retailer	growth	retail	earnings			with earnings up 12.7, wal mart shares drop wal mart stores inc., the world 's largest retailer, reported a 12.7 percent increase in its third quarter earnings.
3			business	investor	management	investing	shareholder	company	finance	competition	money			beckoned by the balkans london for a company that had just reported a 26 percent increase in its quarterly earnings, sharply beating market expectations, telekom austria found itself with an awful lot of explaining to do as its top executives met with analysts and investors in
3			income	statistics	trend	economics	company	stock	growth	finance	money	industry			update 3 allied waste again cuts forecast, shares drop allied waste industries inc. aw.n: quote, profile, research on tuesday cut its 2004 earnings forecast for the second time in three months as investment costs rose, sending its stock down more than 9 percent.
4			privacy	technology	patent	research	google			sci tech ; google search via mobiles sci tech news, san francisco: google inc. announced a new test service that allows people to use mobile phones or handheld devices to tap google 's web search via text messages, or short message service.
2			coaching	baseball	sport	nfl	football	washington	vs			redskins swing, miss on orchestrating complete game the problems that plagued the washington redskins at the beginning of the season are the same ones that dog the washington redskins at the end of october.
2			baseball	hockey	chicago	espn	soccer	sport	rule	football	turf			irish out to protect home turf against bc notre dame is out to protect its turf against boston college on saturday.
4			science	electronics	computer	safety	technology	iran	nuclear	terrorism	weapon	security			nuclear body seeks new technology outdated computer systems are hampering the work of inspectors, says the un nuclear agency.
4			computer	hardware	intel	technology	power	networking	speed	computing	linux			intel expands centrino line with new pentium m chip intel corp. gave its centrino laptop package a speed boost wednesday with the release of a new, faster pentium m processor. the centrino package includes a pentium m processor, a pc chipset and a wlan wireless lan chipset.
4			computer	linux	technology	apple	hp	google	industry			apple enhances ibook, cuts prices before holidays apple computer inc. aapl.o: quote, profile, research on tuesday announced a faster version of its popular ibook notebook personal computer and a less expensive model of its powermac
2			nintendo	game	gaming	sport	child	kid	entertainment	education			nintendo's newest product aims for adults the nintendo ds, which is geared for adults and older teenage video game players, has wireless capability for the internet and two display screens.
4			mobile	application	app	device	mobility	technology	wireless	apps			mobile apps rising the demomobile 2004 spotlight shone on tools and services designed to mobilize business and application processes, as earlier concerns regarding wireless infrastructure build out and coverage have faded.
4			computer	linux	manufacturing	technology	performance	system	networking	ibm	security	server			ibm upgrades blade servers ibm corp. will soon begin shipping upgraded models of its hs20 and js20 blade servers, including a new scsi small computer system interface option for the hs20 that will double the number of scsi blades that users can fit into a single chassis, the company announced friday. the armonk, new york, computer maker also announced new management software for the servers designed to make them cooler and easier to manage.
4			battery	computer	mobility	technology	power	performance	energy	hp	linux			amd adds power saving at the high end future opteron processors will have power management technology from amd 's laptop and desktop systems, the company has announced.
2			coaching	baseball	television	nbc	espn	basketball	wisconsin	sport	football	tv			college football games on tv northwestern 3 3 vs. wisconsin 7 0 when, where: tomorrow, noon, at madison, wis. tv: espn.
4			device	technology	nokia	ios	phone	linux			palmone intros tungsten t5 pda palmone inc. on monday introduced the tungsten t5, the company 's latest high end pda. the new t5 sports flash memory that will retain data even if the device 's battery discharges, a 320 x 480 pixel color screen, bluetooth standard and more.
4			security	linux	software	privacy	technology	copyright	ethics	patent	education	industry			briefly: korean software maker joins asian linux group roundup plus: macromedia announces training tool...yahoo launches local search engine...sybase links back office to mobile devices...legal expert joins open source screening firm.
2			medal	boxing	baseball	game	olympic	olympics	judo	sport	football	gold			can us salvage a bronze? the game was concocted by a physical education instructor in massachusetts and dominated by the united states at the olympics for most of the 20th century.
1			election	abortion	politics	violence	censorship	ireland	terrorism			sf accused of giving dup veto over nationalist ministers the sdlp has accused sinn fin of giving the democratic unionist party a veto over the decisions of nationalist ministers as part of the deal to restore power sharing.
2			politics	baseball	navy	war	basketball	sport	defense	football			navy 's main foe is army, but beating notre dame may be more ... you can 't blame navy fullback kyle eckel for saying the midshipmen 's game saturday with notre dame is more important to the players than the annual intraservice bloodletting with army.
2			boxing	baseball	basketball	sport	athlete	training	wrestling	boxer			up and down night in the ring throughout these olympic games, united states boxing coach basheer abdullah has lamented that his young fighters weren 't listening to him.
2			athens	game	olympics	olympic	athletics	sport	greece	athlete	olympia			games go eons back in time today athens, greece the slogan for these olympics is, welcome home. but the games really go home today, when the men 's and women 's shot put are held in the excavated stadium of ancient olympia, which started all this madness in 776 bc ...
2			baseball	espn	sport	football	cancer	money			transcript of andy geiger 's statement at the november 9th ohio ... geiger: i guess i m part two. greetings, everybody. obviously many of you have seen and probably have in your possession the story that broke this morning on espn.
2			game	gaming	sport	combat	car	entertainment	action	racing			grand theft auto: san andreas has few faults grand theft auto: san andreas, $ 49.99, format: playstation 2. players: 1 2. category: action.
4			science	electronics	experiment	animal	biotechnology	technology	vaccine	testing	research			mini lab offers on the spot tests the research arm of the mod has come up with a portable lab that can used by vets, doctors and the food industry.
3			trading	share	business	trend	investor	investing	company	stock			stocks to watch among the companies whose shares are likely to see active trading in wednesday 's session is orbitz orbz: news, chart, profile .
3			politics	job	employee	ceo	executive	option	strategy	money			2 airlines new cuts target executives us airways intends to slash its executive payroll by 20 percent, reducing the pay and benefits for its 3,000 managers and eliminating some positions, sources familiar with the plan said yesterday.
4			politics	job	computer	work	technology	tech	money	education			fewer teen techies find jobs waiting in the field caleb sima still marvels at how angry the people around him got when he fled high school for a computer job during the high tech boom, thumbing his nose at the traditional career path.
4			security	computer	linux	europe	software	unix	technology	computing	windows			red hat sees half of sales outside u.s. within a year demand for the linux os is gathering steam as it becomes more popular outside its core market of computer enthusiasts, helped in part by interest in open source software from european governments.
2			boxing	baseball	violence	basketball	sport	football	detroit	nba			nba players suspended for big brawl national basketball association commissioner david stern issued indefinite suspensions saturday to four of the main protagonists in friday night 's brawl among the indiana pacers, the detroit
2			medal	doping	olympic	olympics	judo	sport	athlete	gold	cycling			hamm 's case to keep gold goes to arbitrators as he headed by car to jfk airport saturday evening to fly to lausanne, switzerland, to defend his olympic all around championship before the court of arbitration for sport, gymnast paul hamm was calm and collected.
3			agriculture	business	marketing	advertising	research	competition	money	food			wild oats, pathmark warn on results natural and organic foods retailer wild oats markets inc. oats.o: quote, profile, research and pathmark stores inc. ptmk.o: quote, profile, research both warned on monday that their
4			india	china	connectivity	technology	internet	industry			briefly: vonage users dial 311 for city info roundup plus: mozilla makes japanese push...macromedia offers flash video tool...utstarcom wins indian ip gear contract.
4			technology	evolution	invention	innovation	apple	patent	r	industry			the seed of apple 's innovation in an era when most technology outfits have tightened their belts to adapt to a slower growing market, one company stands out for forging ahead on innovation: apple computer aapl . others have slashed r
3			product	store	trend	sale	marketing	retailer	shopping	advertising	fashion	retail			macromedia contributes to ebay stores macromedia has announced a special version of its contribute website editing application designed to simplify the creation and customisation of ebay stores.
1			politics	election	history	corruption	strategy	washington	ethics	morale	leadership			ridge leaves mixed legacy the first head of the department of homeland security forges a single organization, but spearheaded some questionable initiatives.
4			politics	business	technology	telecom	communication	telecommunication	growth	competition			why sprint and nextel got hitched in the world of big time telecom, the baby bells have been hogging the spotlight as they bulk up to compete against an onslaught of new technology and their arch rivals, the cable companies. for competitors hovering outside the bells' territory, that sends a stark message: team up or get smashed. sprint corp. and nextel communications inc. chose the former, announcing on dec. 15 a 35 billion deal to merge into the third largest wireless powerhouse. with a market capitalization of 70 billion, the new reston va...
3			contract	war	business	acquisition	technology	defense	strategy	security	industry			defense work gives caci boost in earnings lucrative defense department contracts, gained partly through acquisitions, helped boost caci international inc.'s first quarter revenue and profit.
1			election	politics	war	democracy	baghdad	iraq			race against time for iraqi elections the americans are saying it, the british government is saying it and so too is iyad allawi. iraqis will go to the polls by the end of january, come what may.
3			politics	business	merger	technology	strategy	bankruptcy	money	industry			peoplesoft customers, employees weigh deal oracle may be celebrating its long awaited union with peoplesoft, but a day after the landmark deal not everyone is happy. among the people likely to be looking at the $ 10.3 billion merger with some trepidation
4			electronics	material	technology	semiconductor	carbon	silicon			amd uses strained silicon on 90 nanometer chips amd will implement the strained silicon manufacturing technique on its upcoming 90 nanometer processors as well as 130 nanometer processors.
3			inflation	agriculture	trade	business	economics	market	growth	energy	finance	industry			growth continues despite oil price hike the survey of business activity around the country, compiled from reports submitted by the fed 's 12 regional banks, depicted an economy that was moving ahead with even the hard hit manufacturing sector beginning to regain its footing after a prolonged
3			politics	insurance	money	business			michael cherkasky: now in public hotseat, has quieter repute in ... may have been surprised to learn that he had stepped in as head of the beleaguered insurance company, marsh mclennan, on monday, october 25, and has been in the national media spotlight ever since.
2			hockey	doping	basketball	sport	death	football	aging	cancer			czech hockey coach hlinka dies after car crash ivan hlinka, a former pittsburgh penguins coach who led the czech republic to a gold medal at the 1998 nagano olympics, died yesterday after being injured in a car crash. he was 54.
2			baseball	earthquake	espn	soccer	sport	football	playoff	mls			earthquakes tie burn to clinch playoffs the san jose earthquakes clinched the final playoff spot in the western conference by tying the dallas burn 2 2 on saturday night in the season finale for both teams.
3			safety	revenue	sale	competitor	performance	profit	bankruptcy	competition	money			easyjet caution despite profits rise budget airline easyjet today reported a 21 improvement in annual profits but warned that it expected competition to remain intense this winter.
4			manufacturing	chip	intel	technology	testing	semiconductor	silicon			amd turns to chartered for help the intel rival known for its athlon pc and opteron server processors announced on tuesday plans to tap chartered semiconductor manufacturing, a contract manufacturer, for extra chip production capacity.
1			election	politics	alaska	democracy	voting	voter	fraud			alaska judge orders ballots reprinted a superior court judge on wednesday ordered the state to rewrite, reprint and redistribute all its ballots for the nov. 2 election, saying the wording of a ballot initiative was inaccurate and biased...
1			election	politics	war	democracy	iran	iraq	terrorism	afghanistan	security			afghans prepare to vote, security fears loom afghans have one day left to make up their minds about who to vote for as their country's first elected president even though threats of violent reprisals by taliban militants may deter some from casting their ballots.
2			baseball	history	rugby	volleyball	athletics	sport	football	cricket	rebel			cuqua drives rebels walpole ended its regular season with a 35 12 victory over weymouth yesterday, but for the 10 1 rebels, it was just the first stage.
4			electronics	computer	laser	mouse	technology	robot			new computer mouse to use sensor based on laser forget about a better mousetrap...
4			network	privacy	technology	broadband	internet	telecommunication	google	speed			high speed users move into majority web users with fast broadband connections have finally muscled aside dial up users to form a majority of the american internet population, according to nielsen net ratings.
4			science	electronics	computer	technology	tech	book	education	innovation	computing	physics			back to school shopping now includes electronics for back to school shoppers, a new alphabet reigns, and it starts with e for electronics. with camera cell phones and the apple ipod music player topping student wish lists, some of the hottest gadgets have little to do with pen or paper, much less studying.
4			electronics	battery	flash	device	usb	storage	technology	performance	memory	silicon			spansion enters serial flash memory market spansion and fujitsu today announced an entirely new flash memory family designed to reduce costs and dramatically simplify system design of flash enabled consumer electronics, pc peripherals, and in cabin automotive electronics.
2			baseball	history	hockey	basketball	athletics	sport	boston	football			bringing bu together boston university will raise the curtain on a new $ 225 million athletic complex at a gala next week, and its much anticipated agganis arena will host its inaugural hockey game jan. 3.
2			coaching	baseball	hockey	soccer	sport	football	brazil	coach	canada			canada fires coach of national team jay triano was fired as coach of the canadian national team tuesday, a move triano said was due to his inability to give enough time to the job.
4			product	software	management	inventory	technology	storage	system	information	availability	security			storage decisions show parades new products it managers may need more storage to handle all the storage announcements that occurred at this week's storage decisions show in chicago as well as several other independent announcements.
2			coaching	baseball	basketball	athletics	sport	recruiting	football	bulldogs	georgia			bulldogs get punished the ncaa places mississippi state on probation for four years because of recruiting violations and bans them from postseason play this year.
4			trading	chip	intel	technology	stock	japan	silicon	industry			tokyo stocks climb to a two week high tokyo stocks climbed to a two week high on friday after tokyo electron ltd. and other chip related stocks were boosted by a bullish revenue outlook from industry leader intel corp.
2			coaching	boxing	sport	wrestler	wrestling	coach	competition			sanderson takes coaching job at iowa sta olympic gold medalist cael sanderson was hired as an assistant wrestling coach at iowa state, where he went 159 0 while winning four ncaa championships.
3			business	tourism	investing	marketing	mall	greed	growth	obesity	money			rocky mountain heads toward highs high powered profit growth has investors dipping into this mall based confectioner.
4			electronics	battery	dell	computer	hardware	technology	car	toy	consumer			dell hears consumer electronics call possibly launching a rival to apple's ipod mini, dell is expected to unleash a number of consumer gadgets.
2			coaching	baseball	mike	retirement	basketball	espn	sport	recruiting	football			imoh returns versatile mike imoh returns to virginia tech for saturday's pivotal game against n.c. state after serving a three game suspension.
1			politics	election	controversy	history	war	race	religion	genocide			tutu and mbeki in war of words the row between south african president thabo mbeki and archbishop desmond tutu worsens.
4			electronics	battery	computer	car	technology	power	speed	design			first thoughts palmone tungstent5 i ve had my review unit of the palmone tungstent5 for about 8 hours now, and i m ready to make a first pass at palmone 's newest high end model.
4			security	computer	hacking	technology	microsoft	ibm	email	computing			peoplesoft's knightly quest oracle may be breathing fire down its neck with an ongoing hostile takeover effort, but peoplesoft is trying to withstand the siege by striking a deal with ibm.
4			mobile	handheld	electronics	computer	device	hardware	privacy	technology	innovation	design			editorial: different strokes for different handhelds mobile computing editor larry garfield looks at the different design strategies of the leading handheld companies, and muses on what it says about the way they think.
3			thursday	trading	business	investing	technology	company	market	finance	pricing	industry			planetout soars in public trading debut planetout inc. showed a small gain in morning activity before shooting up more than 15 percent in recent trading, marking a successful initial public offering for the web site operator while thursday 's second deal fell flat in its debut.
3			share	acquisition	ceo	investor	investing	stock	profit	competition	money	earnings			arnings dip at archipelago new york chicago based stock exchange operator archipelago holdings incorporated says earnings per share fell, though revenue rose slightly.
4			computer	privacy	wireless	technology	internet	broadband	networking	email			pluggedin: ultrawideband heralds zippier wireless connections think of it as wi fi on steroids.
4			mobile	asia	network	india	technology	telecom	telecommunication	industry			asian telecom firms come together seven asian telecommunications firms are coming together to invest between $ 30m and $ 40m 16.3m and 22m in new mobile phone services and technology.
4			industry	linux	business	software	microsoft	technology	networking	windows			briefly: smartdisk expands hard drive line roundup plus: target to sell tivo dvrs...unisys signs up linux allies...looksmart names new ceo...akamai boosts web application services.
1			election	abortion	politics	democrat	democracy	voting	race	voter	republican			groups seek to address voting troubles despite president bush's clear margin of victory in the 2004 presidential race, voting and civil rights advocates say the election did not go as smoothly as americans might think.
3			share	shareholder	company	growth	finance	profit	competition	money			moving on from that old line why are telstra shares yielding about 9 per cent on a gross dividend basis, even though revenue and profits are rising at an annual rate of about 4 per cent?
4			network	connectivity	ethernet	technology	broadband	cisco	telecommunication	networking	security			bellsouth uses new cisco routers to reach smbs, branches bellsouth today announced it will use the routers that cisco launched today to allow small and medium businesses and enterprise branches to receive cost effective access to voip, call and content management, security and other applications previously
3			business	technology	company	stock	growth	innovation	google	industry			the importance of being private google's 1.7 billion initial public offering in august gave entrepreneurs reason to rub the sleepy dust out of their eyes. all year the new issues market had been slowly awakening. through the end of october u.s. companies raised 29 billion in initial stock sales, almost twice the total raised in all of 2003.
4			electronics	privacy	technology	copyright	advertising	patent	color			honeywell sues 34 companies over lcd patent the lawsuit claims the companies use a patented honeywell technology for brightening images and reducing interference on displays.
4			mobile	computer	linux	mobility	technology	car	intel	windows			new mobile athlon 64 guns for centrino thin and light is the order of the day in enterprise mobile computing, and road warriors have had the benefit of intel 's centrino platform, which has allowed for some featherweight notebook offerings of late.
4			mobile	sale	technology	smartphone	nokia	retail	phone			mobile phones boost retail sales retail sales picked up strongly in september, official figures show, helped by strong demand for mobile phones.
4			chemicals	discovery	technology	marketing	biotechnology	pharmaceuticals	patent	drug	research			a glimpse of bristol myers' portfolio late stage drugs are crucial for a company beset with patent losses.
2			baseball	soccer	sport	football	sheffield			sheffield should be able to play on the yankees gary sheffield has a pulled muscle and bursitis in his troublesome left shoulder, but can continue to play, according to a diagnosis provided on tuesday by dr. frank jobe, the noted orthopedic surgeon who ...
4			electronics	computer	chip	hardware	technology	semiconductor	silicon	intel			after delays, intel points to chip making advance intel corp is on track to introduce the worlds most advanced chip production technology in its products next year, the largest semiconductor maker said on sunday.
3			insurance	business	investor	investing	technology	growth	finance	money	capital			united online gets class united online nasdaq: untd may have reported a perfectly respectable increase in quarterly profit today, but it 's the future that has investors worried.
4			computer	hacking	software	technology	microsoft	email	security	linux			unscheduled upgrade caused government it death an unscheduled software upgrade what was caused some 40,000 computers at the uk government 's department for work and pensions dwp to crash, the it supplier eds has announced.
2			baseball	injury	safety	basketball	sport	veteran	nfl	football	player			broncos dt elliss to miss sunday's game denver broncos veteran defensive tackle luther elliss is listed as out for sunday's game at new orleans with a calf injury.
3			business	revenue	stock	profit	finance	research	competition	money			update 3 open text profit weakens, stock down after hours software maker open text corp. quote, profile, research reported a weaker fourth quarter profit on tuesday and warned its current quarter will come
2			cricket	football			disbelieving hauritz bowled over by bombay turn off spinner nathan hauritz could hardly believe his eyes at the wankhede stadium on thursday. nor could he believe his luck. i ve never seen a wicket on which the
4			computer	business	software	privacy	technology	email	security	linux			a 'plan b' for peoplesoft customers with an oracle buyout looking likely, software maintenance start up tomorrownow's phone is ringing off the hook.
4			ibm	application	manufacturing	technology	manufacturer	patent	research	industry			ibm expands rfid services for manufacturers ibm is set to begin offering a range of new services designed to bring the benefits of radio frequency identification rfid systems to industrial firms and mid size businesses.
1			politics	election	democracy	voting	kabul	iran	iraq	candidate	afghanistan			afghan vote: karzai clear winner with the counting effectively over and done, incumbent hamid karzai is the clear winner in afghanistan 's presidential election, a senior official has said.
4			nhs	technology	innovation	risk	money	cost	education			warning of major nhs it overspend the final cost of modernising nhs it systems could reach 31bn five times the declared figure, a report says.
2			politics	baseball	game	olympics	espn	sport	race	football	athlete			trip to olympics or feel good talk? the answer was a surprise to many michael weisman, producer of some of the biggest games in sports, has become the executive producer of the jane pauley show.
1			politics	money	david	football			sou might just be the man so here i am at sky news, waiting to go on air to talk about graeme souness getting the newcastle job. on saturday i was reliably informed by a very good contact that david o leary was on the
3			product	application	business	sale	technology	marketing	advertising	seo			adds customer support product hoping to find the same success in the contact center as it found with the sales force, today added to its application arsenal.
4			cable	network	privacy	technology	bandwidth	broadband	internet	telecommunication	networking			high court petitioned on cable net access rule the bush administration has asked the supreme court to overturn a decision that requires cable companies to open their high speed internet networks to rival online providers.
1			election	politics	poll	kerry	bush	washington	mccain	republican			ap poll: bush holds lead over kerry president bush opens the fall campaign with a slight lead over democratic sen. john kerry, an associated press poll shows, as voters express growing confidence in the direction of the country and the performance of the incumbent...
4			computer	spy	business	surveillance	work	privacy	technology	espionage	security			mind those ims your cubicle's walls have eyes as more firms install software to keep tabs on workers, start ups and heavy hitters alike spy an opportunity in surveillance products.
4			security	computer	application	technology	power	networking	computing	linux			sybase upgrades powerbuilder, plots rfid move at its annual user conference in orlando, sybase inc. released a new version of its application development tool, outlined plans for an upgrade to its database software and planned to preview a system for tracking rfid data.
3			business	cash	sale	marketing	greed	shopping	drug	money	retail			kmart: rich in cash and real estate but not in sales kmart looks like a true retail oddity: simultaneously losing ground with the american shopper and generating cash like a slot machine.
2			boxing	doping	olympics	sport	sex	athlete	swimming	drug	cycling			greek drugs embarrassment overshadows phelps greece was rocked by the threat of being stripped of an athens games medal and the host nation's team manager offered to quit on friday, as doping overshadowed michael phelps' drive to be olympic swimming's top medal winner.
4			battery	electronics	computer	technology	power	money	silicon	security			nothing too discreet about diodes' plans for continued success a few years ago, a cell phone could go three days without a battery recharge. today, it's up to a week and climbing, says c.h. chen, chief executive of chipmaker diodes.
4			computer	hacking	privacy	technology	networking	email	phone			the pitfalls of voip 11 22 2004. using your computer and internet connection to make local and long distance calls has been getting a lot of attention lately.
1			election	politics	israel	democracy	iran	corruption	iraq			jordanian king says iraqi elections impossible now jordanian king abdullah ii said in an interview today that elections in iraq are impossible amid the continuing insecurity.
2			politics	baseball	yankee	business	sport	boston	football	money			yankees give boston more of the same it was about the yankees taking care of business, or maybe it was about the boston red sox not taking care of business gain. one red sox fan outside the yankees clubhouse was
2			baseball	soccer	sport	football	fifa	money	mls			man utd warns of lower tv revenues manchester united has warned that lower tv revenues will hit earnings this year, after posting a dip in annual profits. the world 's richest soccer club and the subject of
4			virus	computer	safety	privacy	technology	encryption	trust	security			your pc may be less secure than you think most users think their computer is safe from adware and spyware but they're wrong.
4			recovery	solution	technology	competition	email			messageone acquires evergreen assurance e mail disaster recovery vendor messageone today said it is buying competitor evergreen assurance inc., a deal that brings together two different approaches to restoring e mail service after a disaster.
2			coaching	politics	baseball	florida	basketball	sport	golf	football	drug			locals take spurrier decision in stride upon hearing the news that steve spurrier turned down the chance to return to the university of florida, southwest florida gator club president elect corbyn hightower exchanged a few calls and e mails with fellow gators.
4			processor	computer	manufacturing	intel	technology	power	performance	silicon	linux			amd further details dual core opterons advanced micro devices inc.'s amd's dual core opteron processor will fit into the same area occupied by its single core product, helping to hold down manufacturing costs, amd said tuesday at the fall processor forum.
2			athens	doping	olympic	olympics	sport	greece	football	athlete	cycling			athens waves goodbye after 'dream' games hundreds of thousands of athletes, officials and visitors waved goodbye to athens in a post olympics exodus monday, leaving city officials to probe a doping scandal that tarnished an otherwise dream games.
4			electronics	dell	computer	software	biotechnology	technology	hp	linux			dell rides the wave to consumer gadgets dell dell will set out thursday to conquer markets dominated by apple appl , hewlett packard hpq and others with products that include its first small digital music player, photo printer and plasma tv.
4			processor	mobile	device	mobility	technology	memory	silicon			amd debuts athlon 64 3000 according to amd, the mobile amd athlon 64 processor 3000 is the first processor manufactured with amd 's 90 nanometer technique, a semiconductor process designed to enable higher performance without increased power consumption.
4			india	technology	smartphone	growth	analytics	blackberry	industry			; gt; eye on stocks research in motion nadsaq: rimm news people will announce second quarter results. the maker of blackberry handheld devices is expected to report quarterly earnings of 43 cents per share on revenue of
4			hardware	car	technology	evolution	performance	availability	eclipse	linux			radeon x850 xt platinum edition a little over 6 months have passed since ati first announced their new high end radeon x800 series. despite apparent availability issues, ati are forging ahead and announcing their refresh variants for the series.
4			science	genetics	privacy	technology	biotechnology	dna	research	cancer			use of dna databases questioned the scientist who discovered genetic fingerprinting 20 years ago said yesterday that he has some worries about the use of the technology.
1			election	news	politics	television	democracy	voting	cnn	technology	poll			networks to test new exit polling system determined to avoid a repeat of high profile failures in 2000 and 2002, television networks will rely on new systems on nov. 2 to help project election winners and analyze why voters made their choices. and they have turned to the associated press to count the vote for them.
1			election	politics	australia	voting	polling	poll	iraq	candidate	voter			john howard 1st iraq invader to face vote canberra, australia aug. 29, 2004 prime minister john howard will become the first of three allied leaders who launched the us led invasion of iraq to face voters, having announced sunday that australians will go to the polls on oct. 9.
3			diabetes	safety	business	marketing	competition	health	research	cancer			forest labs new hypertension drug disappoints in efficacy study new york, november 2 forest laboratories inc witnessed a decline in its share price this morning, following the news of disappointing efficacy study results for the company 's new hypertension drug.
1			politics	science	controversy	history	america	election	debate	topic			topics during the presidential debate president bush and sen. john kerry on the issues at wednesday's debate:
4			industry	computer	dell	manufacturing	trend	technology	hp	linux			q3 worldwide computer sales up 9.7 us giant dell was the sector leader with 16.8 of the market, the gartner research institute said today. unit sales came to 46.9 million in the july september period against 42.
3			news	share	business	trade	speculation	china	reuters	investor	shareholder			reuters up on report instinet up for sale shares in global news and information provider reuters group plc rose to their highest level since april after a report thursday that the firm may sell its u.s. electronic trading subsidiary, dealers said.
4			engineering	manufacturing	technology	company	performance	bankruptcy	competition	industry			halliburton may separate kbr unit halliburton plans to shed its kbr engineering and construction unit if the company's share performance does not match its peers, it said today.
2			coaching	hockey	espn	basketball	sport	coach	detroit	nba	toronto	pistons			raptors host defending champs on tsn the detroit pistons will not have coach larry brown on the sideline when they visit the toronto raptors friday.
4			mobile	network	mobility	technology	nokia	telecommunication	carrier	industry			handset big five work together to drive mobile broadcast services mobile handset manufacturers motorola, nec, nokia, siemens and sony ericsson have announced their co operation in the mobile broadcast services work, launched under the auspices of the sector trade association, the open mobile alliance.
4			processor	linux	chip	hardware	technology	performance	intel	server			intel silent on jayhawk replacement chip maker offers few details about its plans for dual core server processors.
3			politics	job	contract	trade	democracy	business	corruption	money	security			alitalia, flight attendants agree on crucial accord: report rome : alitalia management and flight attendants reached agreement on a crucial deal early saturday on job cuts that would allow the struggling airline to keep flying, union sources quoted by ansa news agency said.
4			electronics	computer	technology	energy	semiconductor	memory	silicon	intel			intel proves 65 nanometers will work continuing down the path of moore 's law, which says that the number of transistors on a chip will double every two years, intel corp.
3			business	mr	sale	shareholder	option	bankruptcy	competition	money			pulitzer inc. for sale? st. louis the newspaper publisher pulitzer inc. has said that company officials are considering a possible sale of the firm to improve shareholder value.
3			job	employee	ceo	technology	company	profit	corporation	money	security			nortel will cut workforce by 10 percent nortel networks corp. said thursday it will slash its workforce by 3,500, or 10 percent, as it struggles to recover from an accounting scandal that toppled three top executives and led to a criminal investigation and lawsuits.
3			revenue	trend	marketing	company	growth	profit	money			pepsico profit up, cuts jobs; shares rise pepsico inc. pep.n: quote, profile, research , the world 's no. 2 soft drink company, on thursday said quarterly profit rose due to tax benefits and strong performances
4			cable	network	privacy	technology	broadband	telecom	communication	telecommunication	networking	telephone			comcast ceo calls for telecom truce brian roberts, ceo of cable giant comcast, told executives at the united states telecom association 's annual convention that cable providers and traditional telephone companies should work together
3			business	trend	sale	technology	company	growth	profit	competition	industry			get a whiff of inter parfums despite reporting record quarterly sales, growth rates still spell trouble.
1			election	abortion	politics	violence	democracy	corruption	chavez	opposition	venezuela			chavez urges opposition to recognize results of referendum president of venezuela hugo chavez has called on the opposition to recognize the results of a referendum on confidence in the president held on august 15.
4			application	app	privacy	technology	analytics	apps	seo	windows			compuware looks to cut risks in apps deployment compuware this week is upgrading its vantage application service management software to highlight predictive analysis and performance assessment.
3			statistics	business	ceo	revenue	microsoft	company	performance	finance	accounting			microsoft quarterly revenue hits $ 9.1 billion microsoft posted its first quarter 2005 financial results last week, reporting revenue of us $ 9.19 billion and net income of $ 2.9 billion.
4			electricity	network	ethernet	broadband	technology	internet	communication	telecommunication	networking			earthlink to share con ed 's lines earthlink will begin providing internet connections over consolidated edison 's power lines in manhattan in the next several months, following an fcc vote last week to establish new ground rules for commercial deployment of the service.
4			mobile	application	device	storage	technology	nokia	memory	linux			sandisk increases phone memory capacities sandisk this week announced the addition of new, higher capacity memory cards for mobile phones. the minisd and rs mmc card formats will now be offered in capacities as large as 512mb starting in november.
4			electronics	television	million	privacy	technology	tv	money			fcc sends wrong signal on digital tv yes, our government is now in the business of pushing expensive tv sets on consumers who are wisely keeping their wallets closed.
2			mlb	baseball	yankee	espn	basketball	athletics	sport	boston	football	sox			sports on tv national league division series game 4 atlanta braves at houston astros. from minute maid park in houston. 1 pm espn. american league division series game 5 boston red sox at anaheim angels.
2			coaching	baseball	statistics	patriot	espn	sport	nfl	football	playoff	quarterback			key moments in patriots 27 24 victory the new england patriots played the indianapolis colts in the first nfl regular season game of the year. the patriots were able to hold off a late colts rally and preserve their victory 27 to 24, sending the colts record in foxboro to 0 6.
3			manufacturing	saving	company	ft	growth	money	cost	industry			colgate to cut jobs and use savings to spur sales colgate palmolive said that it would close about a third of its factories and cut more than 4,400 jobs over the next four years.
3			income	business	stock	growth	finance	profit	risk	money	earnings			amazon posts profit, outlook disappoints inc. on thursday posted quarterly earnings that more than tripled on strong international sales but offered an outlook for the current quarter and next year that was below the more bullish analyst forecasts, sending its stock down 8 percent.
4			electronics	television	philip	privacy	technology	monitor	surveillance	industry			philips to sell monitor, part of flat tv ops to tpv singapore dutch electronics giant philips said on thursday it will sell its oem monitor business and part of its flat screen tv operations to taiwan 's tpv technology for us $ 350
3			business	speculation	china	investment	takeover	shareholder	fraud	strategy	finance	money			report: honeywell poised to bid for novar honeywell international of the united states is to make a us $ 1.5 billion euro1.14 billion takeover bid for novar plc, the financial times reported sunday.
2			politics	cycling	doping	race	sport	football	cyclist	racing			cycling: even after firing hamilton, phonak 's attitude derails ... paris despite its revelation that it has fired tyler hamilton, its leader and the winner of a disputed gold medal at the olympic games in athens, the phonak team lost its appeal to be included in bicycle racing 's reorganized structure, officials announced
3			employee	ceo	business	gupta	management	executive	money			peoplesoft product exec follows ceo out the door just two weeks after peoplesoft inc. ousted former ceo craig conway, the business applications vendor said that another top executive ram gupta, who had been executive
3			inflation	trend	investing	company	stock	market	growth	finance	money	earnings			goldman sachs robust earnings growth for 4q new york, december 16 goldman sachs group reported sequential earnings growth of 36 for 4q today. the renowned brokerage firm reported earnings of $ 1.19 billion or $ 2.36 per share
4			laptop	computer	mac	device	technology	nokia	apple	computing	linux			apple debuts fastest ever ibook g4 the new ibook g4 laptop targets consumers and education customers with its 54mbps 802.11g wireless networking and an optional internal bluetooth module for wirelessly connecting peripherals.
4			mobile	network	mobility	wireless	nokia	telecom	broadband	technology	telecommunication	networking			mobile firms sign 'super 3g' deal ntt docomo, vodafone and 24 other mobile phone firms and manufacturers join forces to develop the next generation of high speed networks.
2			boxing	controversy	doping	olympics	athletics	sport	athlete	iaaf	cycling			olympics wrap: another doping controversy surfaces olympic chiefs ordered hungarian hammer gold medallist adrian annus friday to submit another doping sample or risk losing his medal, while another of his compatriots was stripped of a medal for failing a test.
1			election	politics	israel	democracy	palestinian			powell calls on israel to enable palestinian elections fm shalom, who met us secretary in washington, said israel would do all that it can to enable elections, as long as it would not harm our security.
1			election	faith	controversy	politics	religion	god	prayer	leadership			bush benefits from efforts to build a coalition of the faithful president bush has built relationships over the last four years with a range of religious leaders. the payoff came on election day.
2			baseball	swim	sport	swimmer	swimming	phelps			phelps has front row seat for record swim michael phelps had a front row seat at the pool, and made olympic history without ever getting wet. decked out in a white shirt, khaki shorts and flip flops, phelps led cheers and waved an american flag while his teammates did all the work in the 400 meter individual medley saturday night...
4			email	technology			gmail fighting spam with oomph! gmail fighting spam with oomph! gmail is already the seventh largest 1 month back email service with roughly a million users. as and when it goes public, signups will increase exponentially. it will probably relegate yahoo! mail to the third spot and occupy the second spot by november next year with ...
3			business	sale	marketing	market	stock	bank	fleet	banking	merger			adopting a new model yields gains at old fleet within months of acquiring fleetboston financial corp. , bank of america corp. handed out its sales playbook to fleet employees in the branches to teach them how to sell.
1			election	politics	democracy	candidate	voter	money			voters dislike nasty campaigns near the end of a long presidential campaign, the question in this hard fought state is becoming more familiar: which candidate do you like? and the reply of 62 year old independent voter joy handyside is perhaps all too common.
2			racing	baseball	athletics	race	sport	golf	football	athlete	tennis	cycling			athletics: holmes loses with smile as cruise control misfires kelly holmes lost a race and broke into a radiant smile. but then you can do that kind of thing when you are a double olympic champion.
4			statistics	array	data	technology	storage	networking	analytics	security	linux			hitachi debuts new high end storage line new tagmastore plays well with rivals' arrays to keep watch over 32 petabytes of data.
4			technology	smartphone	blackberry	ios	windows			rim blackberry 7100v goes to vodafone rim 's new 7100 design is now coming to vodafone, complete with their new suretype keyboard for more space efficient typing. research in motion 's latest blackberry
1			election	politics	negotiation	democracy	strategy	party	money			parties huddle in final push to strike deal a final decision on whether the rev. ian paisley 's dup and sinn fein can reach a deal this year to restore devolution and implement the good friday agreement should be known next week.
2			baseball	hockey	espn	basketball	athletics	sport	golf	football	tennis			today's schedule pro baseball: new york yankees vs. red sox at fenway park, 7 p.m. college field hockey: fairfield at sacred heart, 4 p.m.; castleton st. at becker, 4 p.m.; umbc at maine, 5 p.m.; providence at unh, 7 p.m.
4			america	pc	computer	china	technology	microsoft	ibm	pcs	computing			big blue sells its pc division to china ibm has quit the personal computer market 23 years after legitimising the pc revolution that changed everything from the way we work to the fortunes of microsoft 's bill gates.
4			computer	graphic	printer	manufacturing	biotechnology	technology	patent	computing	printing			inkjets shrink, and hewlett sees many new uses hewlett packard plans to use inkjet printing to enter a range of new markets, such as television and computer displays, printed electronic circuits, and automotive fuel injection systems.
2			baseball	injury	statistics	history	basketball	sport	football	player	stats			gugliotta forced to take an injury timeout to say forward tom gugliotta walked gingerly around the court during shootaround yesterday morning would be an overstatement. dealing with lower back pain, he could barely shuffle across the paint. so, it was a no brainer when coach doc rivers decided to place gugliotta on the injured list. the tougher decision was who would take gugliotta's place.
4			processor	computer	hardware	intel	technology	power	performance	silicon	linux			amd shows off dual core processor amd took the wraps off its first ever x86 64 bit dual core processor during demonstrations held at the company 's austin facilities tuesday.
4			electronics	battery	computer	manufacturing	chip	technology	semiconductor	silicon	industry			sia: chip sales to hit record, flatten semiconductor sales will reach $ 214 billion this year, a new record high. but next year will be about the same.
2			coaching	baseball	espn	california	basketball	sport	recruiting	football	money			new contract guarantees tedford $ 1.5m the bad news of sunday at california will turn into good news monday when the university announces that golden bear coach jeff tedford has agreed to a new five year contract, a pacific 10 conference source said.
2			coaching	baseball	pittsburgh	retirement	espn	speculation	sport	football			false alarm triggers response from psu a false alarm on a pittsburgh sports talk show thursday morning ignited a nationwide firestorm of speculation about the job status of penn state coach joe paterno.
3			money	finance	financial	fund			two mfs funds to be terminated the board overseeing mfs institutional emerging equities fund and mfs institutional mid cap growth fund has voted to terminate the funds about oct. 28, according to a securities and exchange commission filing. it did not say why. mid cap growth had about $ 17.8 million in net assets june 30; emerging equities had $ 56 million. massachusetts financial services co. is the ...
4			statistics	revenue	network	trend	technology	competition	industry			at wireless purchaser sees higher q3 revenue cingular wireless, which plans to acquire redmond based at wireless services inc. shortly, reported decreased operating income in the third quarter, while it increased revenue on accelerated subscriber growth
4			ibm	business	software	technology	company	oracle	patent	industry			oracle looks beyond big ticket contracts this fourth priority 's main focus has been improving or obtaining crm and erp software for the past year and a half. oracle has begun selling business applications software to small companies in conjunction
2			pittsburgh	baseball	hockey	fan	sport	football	detroit			a cold blast from the past packer fans are known for being fanatics, and river oaks resident doug erwin is adding to their lore by recreating the 1967 ice bowl.
3			industry	statistics	business	revenue	tax	finance	accounting	earnings	number			toll brothers reels in record numbers toll brothers inc. nyse:tol , a developer of luxury homes, reported record fourth quarter and fiscal year end results for earnings, revenue, contracts and backlog.
4			science	business	technology	marketing	economics	tech	strategy	innovation			it's secret sauce successful it often requires as much insight into business as into technology.
4			mobile	mobility	cellular	wireless	technology	communication	telecommunication	carrier	sprint			sprint and nextel to merge, creating cellphone powerhouse the deal creates the third largest company in the wireless telephone industry, but its competition is much larger.
4			computer	dell	software	technology	storage	hp	semiconductor	linux			dell inspiron 1000 dell 's inspiron 1000 is their latest budget oriented notebook that can provide an excellent value for those willing to shop dell 's site for offers.
4			device	mobility	privacy	wireless	nokia	technology	innovation	networking	patent			bluetooth chews on future plans a new version of the bluetooth wireless specification and a three year plan for more updates have backers hoping the technology will finally take off in the us market.
4			computer	application	technology	system	innovation	ibm	computing	industry			ibm offers new power5 eserver i5 550 ibm has unveiled today a new power5 system, the eserver i5 550, aimed at mid sized businesses. the eserver i5 550 features a new solution edition, an offering now available with select software vendors. the new eserver i5 also delivers new capabilities ...
4			progress	technology	automation	robot	robotic			un sees coming surge in domestic robots the use of robots around the home to mow lawns, vacuum floors, pull guard duty and perform other chores is set to surge sevenfold by 2007, says a new un survey
4			computer	manufacturing	hardware	technology	blade	intel	linux			ibm and intel to open up blade specifications in an effort to encourage hardware vendors to build components for the blade platform they co develop, intel corp. and ibm corp. on thursday will open up parts of the bladecenter
2			history	statistics	sport	football	player	strategy	stats	number			team on the take: bengals like to force issue bill belichick news rarely cites statistics to make a point. so when a particular figure impresses the pats coach, it 's got to be a doozy.
4			radio	privacy	broadband	regulation	technology	internet	communication	telecommunication			crtc hearings explore need to regulate internet voice services are internet phone calls a new frontier or just a technological tweak for an old service? that was the question before the canadian radio television and telecommunications commission
2			baseball	basketball	sport	rule	football	kid			nfl opener: no touch rule opens door for the little guy call it the bump and run, the chuck or the five yard touch. now that the swivel hip singing routines of jessica simpson, destiny 's child, and others in thursday night 's kickoff bash for
1			politics	diplomacy	history	violence	democracy	war	peace	terrorism			moving toward peace in the middle east with news of politics, war and baseball dominating the headlines, it is easy to overlook events in faraway lands. but people interested in long term peace in the middle east should be encouraged by the historic
3			business	ceo	sale	marketing	growth	profit	restaurant	competition	earnings			jack in the box posts strong 4q on sales jack in the box inc. on wednesday reported fourth quarter earnings that sharply exceeded analysts estimates due to increased sales and improved operating margins at its restaurants.
4			network	connectivity	ethernet	technology	switching	cisco	networking	switch	reliability			cisco enhances gigabit ethernet switches cisco systems on tuesday announced enhancements to its catalyst switching product line, and also announced the industry 's first gigabit ethernet enabled ip phone.
1			politics	election	conservative	right			web aids search for the right or left mate the run up to the u.s. presidential election is casting the spotlight on a new crop of web sites for political minded singles who are seeking mr. or ms. right ... or left.
2			medal	boxing	judo	athletics	sport	fencing	athlete	cycling			daily preview: friday, aug. 27 medals will be awarded in 20 events in track and field, canoe kayak, equestrian, field hockey, modern pentathlon, mountain biking, soccer and taekwondo.
4			expansion	computer	technology	power	book	something	information	money			more is not necessarily better magine if one company controlled the card catalog of every library in the world. the influence it would have over what people see, read and discuss would be enormous.
4			computer	linux	technology	hp	system	networking	ibm	computing	server			ibm unveils high end power5 i5 server ibm on friday unveiled the latest in its line of next generation iseries servers, the most powerful one to date, in its i5 line of systems based on the power5 chip.
4			application	microsoft	technology	patent	ibm	speech	audio			ibm open sources speech recognition development tools ibm corp. said monday it will release as open source code some of its software for speech enabling applications. the move is intended to spur development in the field and outflank rivals by making ibm's free technology the industry standard.
3			insurance	sale	technology	growth	profit	finance	research	money	industry			bausch lomb 's profit jumps 34 percent bausch lomb inc., propelled once more by a sharp rise in sales of contact lenses, eye care drugs and vision correction surgical products, posted a 34 percent jump in third quarter
2			life	television	basketball	sport	football	tv			oh no! a bob knight sitcom? the life and times of former indiana university basketball coach bob knight could soon be coming to television. the fiery knight, who now coaches at texas tech, met with television officials last month in
4			computer	life	privacy	technology	internet	networking	money	education			will internet cafs survive 10 more years? as the internet caf celebrates its 10th birthday, what future does it face as net access at home becomes an everyday reality for more and more people?
4			industry	price	software	technology	reliability	pricing	distribution	linux			linux market to exceed $ 35bn by 2008 the overall market revenue for linux desktops, servers and packaged software will exceed $ 35bn by 2008, research published today has claimed.
1			election	politics	war	democracy	race	fraud	money	victory			poll no guarantee of victory: pm today s newspoll was no guarantee of victory for the coalition and the election result would be close, prime minister john howard said.
4			electricity	technology	broadband	internet	telecommunication	energy	patent	utility	education			fcc approves new broadband hookups supporters say the new technology, which uses electric power lines, could become a major alternative to cable modem and phone connections if fcc approval helps it attract participation of major utility companies.
4			motorola	network	mobility	ethernet	technology	nokia	wireless	telecommunication	networking	patent			motorola to acquire meshnetworks motorola has agreed to buy meshnetworks, a developer of technology and products for rapidly deployed, self creating wireless mobile networks.
4			electronics	battery	computer	electricity	technology	nokia	phone	industry			lg electronics' third quarter profits up lg electronics inc., south korea's biggest maker of home appliances, said tuesday its third quarter net profits rose more than 30 percent on brisk sales of mobile phones.
4			job	insurance	computer	business	technology	energy	money	efficiency	security			slow going for networking sector corporate customers are still tight fisted with their budgets as they put off needed upgrades, analysts say.
2			baseball	espn	sport	investing	golf	football	finance	tennis			sports marketing firm img bought marketing firm forstmann little is set to buy giant sports and lifestyle management company img. the firm is being acquired from trusts set up by img founder, mark mccormack, who died in may 2003, and from the family of img vice chair arthur lafave.
4			electronics	radio	cable	television	wireless	technology	patent	audio			life will never be the same again for monster cable monster cable products inc. is best known for selling premium priced speaker wires connected to the back of home entertainment systems.
1			politics	election	florida	democracy	voting	rule	georgia			florida sets touch screen recounts rule the state set a court ordered rule for recounting touch screen ballots in close elections friday, but voter rights groups complained the changes fell far short of what is needed to ensure a fair vote.
1			election	ireland	politics			dup and sf to get clarification on proposals the british and irish governments are due to present the dup and sinn fin with further clarification today of their proposals for a deal on the north 's political future.
1			politics	cooperation	negotiation	democracy	europe	compromise	germany	debate			u.s., europe at odds on emissions controls negotiators worked through the final day of a two week u.n. conference friday in search of a way to bring the united states back into long term talks on controlling global warming. a key european official saw a 50 50 chance of compromise.
4			pc	computer	business	china	technology	enterprise	ibm	computing	industry			lenovo to acquire ibm personal computing division lenovo group limited, a personal computer brand in china and across asia has announced a definitive agreement under which lenovo will acquire ibm 's personal computing division to form the world 's third largest pc business, bringing ibm 's enterprise class
1			election	politics	democracy	voting	immigration	people	voter			flood of new voters signing up new voters are flooding local election offices with paperwork, registering in significantly higher numbers than four years ago as attention to the presidential election runs high and an array of activist groups recruit would be voters who could prove critical come nov. 2...
2			boxing	doping	basketball	sport	football	chelsea	money	racism			kezman nearly blinded by thugs chelsea star mateja kezman was almost blinded when a coin was thrown at him as another london football match was plunged into violence.
4			network	privacy	technology	broadband	internet	telecom	telecommunication	networking			net calls get their own area code the telecoms watchdog ofcom is considering how to regulate firms that let you make calls via the net.
4			dream	technology	solution	strategy	innovation	vision	idea			the vision thing tech companies can 't just have products. they have to have a vision. at ibm, it 's on demand computing. at companies in just about any business more complicated than hubcaps, it 's selling solutions.
3			income	statistics	revenue	trend	sale	sport	performance	growth	money	earnings			update 1: foot locker 3q net income up 19 percent net income at foot locker inc., the country 's largest sports shoe chain, increased 19 percent in its fiscal third quarter as sales climbed 14 percent.
1			politics	america	election	computer	democracy	money			what mistakes do techno utopians make? votes, bits bytes boston bound? speak your brains at our andrew
4			science	history	computer	intelligence	technology	strategy	terrorism	weapon	missile			a retooled draper now makes what it devises the hunt for terror thwarting technology has brought an unexpected revenue boost and a new in house production burden to a research lab best known for its work on submarine missile guidance and navigation during the cold war.
2			coaching	baseball	team	schedule	espn	basketball	sport	football	scheduling			no. 23 boise state 's streak on line friday no. 23 boise state attempts to stretch the longest winning steak in division i to 15 games friday when it hosts brigham young of the mountain west conference.
1			election	politics	policy	democracy	finance	terrorism	strategy	money	blair			blair puts security at heart of pre election plans britain's tony blair will spell out this week his legislative plans for the next session of parliament tantamount to an election manifesto, with the prime minister expected to go to the polls in may next year.
4			electronics	computer	technology	power	machine	innovation	ibm	computing			what makes a supercomputer super? computer giant ibm announced this week that it has developed the world 's fastest computer, putting it back on top after a japanese supercomputer claimed the title some two years ago.
4			electronics	lcd	graphic	technology	silicon	color			intel delays lcos chips for hdtv lcos technology sandwiches a layer of liquid crystal between a cover glass and a highly reflective, mirror like surface patterned with pixels that sits on top of a silicon chip. these layers form a microdisplay that can be used in projection displays such ...
1			politics	america	controversy	election	war	democracy	bush	iraq	kerry	strategy			kerry lures persuadable voters in debate many undecided voters liked what they saw from john kerry and were more than a little concerned about president bush's performance in the first presidential debate but they still had questions about what kerry would do in iraq.
1			election	britain	politics	history	democracy	power	money	politician			hard act to follow david blunkett 's resignation this evening could mark the end of one of the most extraordinary political careers, which saw the former home secretary overcome disability and poverty to rise to one of the great offices of state.
4			application	manufacturing	technology	semiconductor	networking	patent	silicon	industry			wimax just hype for now? these applications will not be large enough to sustain the multitude of silicon suppliers and equipment manufacturers who have expressed interest in developing products for wimax.
1			election	politics	history	democrat	result	voting	race	republican	money			hand recount starts in wash. gov.'s race sitting at a folding table under fluorescent lights, republican lloyd haskins sr. held up ballots for democrat carl brownstein to see, and they both marked their running totals on white scrap paper.
4			mobile	mobility	singapore	technology	broadband	telecommunication			maxis set to roll out 3g in 2005 mobile phone operator maxis communications bhd expects to roll out its third generation 3g technology in the local market from the first quarter of next year.
3			vertical	application	business	technology	marketing	seo	hr	industry			vertical solutions take hold in crm as the enterprise increasingly looks for vertical solutions from its crm vendors, kana software with an on premise solution and entellium with a hosted solution, will both announce this week industry specific best practice applications for customer service and sales force automation.
4			computer	dell	intel	technology	greed	math	semiconductor	money	silicon			amd 's share price catches up with intel 's after the fevered speculation earlier this week about dell using amd microprocessors, the unthinkable nearly happened yesterday. the price of a share in amd finished on the nyse exchange yesterday at $ 21.
4			computer	dell	software	unix	technology	hp	availability	silicon	linux			dell tightens linux ties novell's suse software is set to join red hat as a server option. also: is amd in dell's future?
4			privacy	technology	company	terrorism	firm	risk	security	industry			firms to seek more security help from outsiders unable to keep up with security holes, attacks and government regulations, enterprises will turn to outside firms for 90 of their security by 2010, according to yankee group.
4			science	america	electronics	computer	technology	invention	canada			canadian inventor lets everyone be an armchair spy new internet based technology could soon turn regular computer users into armchair spies, a canadian inventor said on monday. vincent tao, an engineer at toronto 's york
3			product	manufacturing	price	sale	marketing	pricing	competition	cost	industry			general mills profit drops as costs rise general mills inc. on tuesday reported a steeper fall in quarterly earnings than wall street had expected due to higher costs of key food ingredients and promotional spending.
4			computer	hacking	privacy	technology	stalking	google	money	security			phishing may have hit google users internet search giant google 's aficionados may just have lost some vital information that could hurt their wallet! hackers exploiting a flaw in google 's desktop search tool launched a week back could have
4			virus	computer	hacking	privacy	technology	terrorism	security			computers snared by spyware editor s note: this is the first of a two part series on the spyware epidemic. new york david eckstein turned on his computer one day and launched his web browser, just as he had every day.
4			network	privacy	technology	networking	vs	email	security	industry			citrix to acquire ssl vpn provider citrix systems inc. on tuesday announced that it is acquiring a small ssl secure sockets layer vpn provider, a move that company officials hope will position citrix as a major player in the remote access market.
4			television	movie	privacy	technology	digital	tech	tv	hd			personal tech: hdtv mark cuban, co founder and president of hdnet, discusses the world of digital television.
2			coaching	baseball	hockey	statistics	basketball	sport	golf	football	scoring			give handball a sporting chance i saw a game that featured, with only the slightest expansion of our basic concepts, fast breaks, fouled in the act of shooting, sneakaways, pivotmen, turnovers, weaves, give and gos, lookaway passes, backward bounce passes, skip passes, a penalty shot, a backdoor play, and great shot blocking worthy of a russell or a roy.
2			coaching	baseball	espn	basketball	sport	recruiting	football	coach	quarterback			notre dame fires football coach notre dame fired tyrone willingham as its football coach today after a 6 5 season that culminated with a 41 10 loss to top ranked southern cal on saturday night.
4			processor	chip	hardware	technology	performance	memory	intel	linux			intel puts 4 ghz processor on back burner intel began to downplay so called clock speed of processors within the past year, and other chipmakers followed suit, focusing on other advances such as dual core, which essentially puts two
4			computer	dell	hardware	intel	technology	networking	semiconductor	silicon	linux			dell contemplates amd chip offerings since its release in early 2003, amd 's opteron server cpu has made great inroads almost everywhere... except with dell. the ceo of dell, kevin rollins, says that may very well be about to change, as the company
4			electronics	privacy	technology	apple	patent	industry			honeywell lcd suit targets apple, others industrial conglomerate honeywell international on wednesday said it has filed a lawsuit against 34 electronics companies including apple computer and eastman kodak, claiming patent infringement of its liquid crystal display technology.
1			politics	abortion	election	democrat	conservative	immigration	religion	republican			social conservatives wield influence on platform republicans approved a platform against legalized abortion and gay marriage, reflecting the clout of social conservatives.
4			computer	hacking	linux	privacy	technology	encryption	microsoft	networking	security	windows			new windows os boosts security after years of trying to make it easier for peripheral devices to work smoothly with computers, microsoft is building in some difficulty. the upcoming longhorn os should allow companies to keep gizmos like ipod from stealing data.
4			computer	hacking	technology	internet	attack	terrorism	security			sco group web site attacked again software maker sco group has been targeted by hackers once again. this time, the company 's web site was defaced. the attacks began during the long holiday weekend and were first noticed
4			computer	itunes	culture	music	technology	internet	entertainment			jukebox is reborn for the internet age the internet has changed the way people listen to music in their personal space. think ipod and other portable music players. now, it's also changing the way people listen to music in public places, such as restaurants and bars.
1			politics	election	democracy	china	india	corruption	reform	strategy	privatization			airline fdi is up, onions are set free new delhi, october 20: clearing a slew of measures, the cabinet today sent out a strong signal that it was all for opening up different sectors.
4			linux	hardware	technology	evolution	development	eclipse	security	windows			solaris 10 appears after a steady diet of feature announcements throughout most of this year, sun microsystems officials formally launched their next generation operating system this week.
2			coaching	baseball	sport	recruiting	football	scandal	money	racism			zook fired from university of florida ron zook has been fired as university of florida football coach. athletic director jeremy foley told the gainesville sun the news.
2			coaching	baseball	statistics	espn	basketball	sport	football	coach	texas	ucla			buffs bobble upset bid some players mouths were wide open, others sat on the bench. cu coaches awaited an official word on a bobby purify fumble in overtime that sealed texas a 's fourth straight big 12 victory, 29 26 on saturday at kyle field.
1			politics	computer	democracy	voting	internet	people			reporter's notebook: the e voting debate brought home computerworld's dan verton went to the polls on tuesday, cast his vote electronically without a hitch, and yet came away from the experience wanting something more than an i voted sticker.
1			politics	election	controversy	renewal	terrorism	freedom	trump	security			bush sees patriot act renewal as key goal attorney general john ashcroft is leaving but the top issues for the justice department are the same heading into president bush's second term: persuading congress to renew key parts of the anti terrorism patriot act and continuing fundamental reforms at the fbi.
4			transparency	technology	company	google	innovation	competition			experts in corporate governance score google at bottom of scale chicago google inc. 's initial public offering may have captured investors fancy, but a leading proxy voting advisory service says its corporate governance leaves a lot to be desired.
4			electricity	wireless	technology	internet	broadband	telecommunication	energy	utility			fcc ruling brings broadband to the power lines fcc ruling brings broadband to the power lines the federal communications commission fcc has given the ok for us based utilities to provide broadband over power lines in a move which the fcc hopes will increase the availability of high speed broadband access and increase competition. this will add electric companies ...
3			liberty	business	revenue	sale	growth	finance	profit	money	media			liberty media profit rises on qvc liberty media corp. on tuesday posted an eight fold gain in quarterly net profit following the purchase of a majority stake in shopping network qvc and a large gain on the sale of assets.
3			business	ceo	management	reorganization	company	restructuring	bankruptcy	consolidation	merger			computer associates announces restructuring computer associates international inc. announced a restructuring plan wednesday that would reduce its work force by 800 people worldwide, saving the business software maker $ 70 million annually once the plan is fully implemented.
1			election	america	politics	history	democracy	race	debate			us electoral college withstands critics ... so far lambasted as antiquated and anti democratic, the electoral college that decides the us presidency has survived for centuries as an unmovable albeit creaky pillar of the american political system.
3			industry	business	sale	software	technology	company	bankruptcy	competition	linux			siebel systems posts profit business software maker siebel systems inc. on wednesday reported a quarterly profit, after a year earlier net loss, helped by sales of new software.
4			electronics	nano	manufacturing	biotechnology	technology	semiconductor	patent	silicon	security	industry			briefly: ironport spam shield gets steelier roundup plus: via brings pci express to amd lab makes nano parts less chip company gets $ 19 million.
2			boxing	history	baseball	australia	olympic	olympics	sport	football			after upset, halkia must hurdle skeptics in another era, say as far back as the pre balco days, it would have been a wonderful moment. the host country 's new hero, a rising star, sets an olympic
2			baseball	miami	race	sport	football	player	williams	dolphin	tracy			report: dolphins win grievance against williams former dolphins running back ricky williams was ordered by an arbitrator friday to pay a huge sum of money to miami, which filed a grievance against the star after he retired just prior to training camp this season.
4			linux	programming	software	microsoft	technology	copyright	industry			peoplesoft 's last hurrah? com september 20, 2004, 4:00 am pt. this fourth priority 's main focus has been improving or obtaining crm and erp software for the past year and a half.
3			industry	business	revenue	ceo	technology	microsoft	company	corporation	windows			microsoft tops estimates microsoft corp. on thursday said its first quarter profit climbed as personal computer sales and business demand fueled higher sales.
4			electronics	computer	television	car	technology	hp	tv	linux			hp moves deeper into consumer electronics personal computer giant hewlett packard co. is stepping deeper than ever into the consumer electronics arena with its fall product lineup so don 't be surprised if you hear about hp tv
1			election	indonesia	president	history	politics	government	democracy	corruption	religion			hardest part of democracy: creating beneficent state few can doubt the historic importance of the peaceful and democratic passing of executive power to indonesia 's first ever directly elected president later this month with the former general turned democrat, susilo bambang yudhoyono as the winner.
4			science	experiment	computer	biology	biotechnology	technology	evolution	research	chemistry	physics			co. converts buses into rolling labs an ohio company has found a niche by converting yellow school buses into hands on laboratories as a highly mobile way to try to get students excited about science.
4			mobile	device	mobility	technology	smartphone	nokia	ios	phone			new nokia 3230 and 6020 camera phones nokia has introduced three new phones at their mobility conference, the 7710 widescreen multimedia smartphone, the 3230 megapixel smartphone and the 6020 camera phone.
4			mobile	microsoft	technology	smartphone	nokia	telecommunication	phone			nokia announces mobile content delivery platform nokia has launched a program called preminet, which is designed to help telephony operators distribute pay per use mobile content and applications to mobile phone users.
1			politics	election	war	democracy	violence	peace	russia	conflict	afghanistan	terrorism			chechens to elect new leader in shadow of violence chechens elect a new president sunday, but few expect peace to follow from a kremlin sponsored contest overshadowed by fighting and twin plane crashes some have linked to rebels in the region.
1			election	politics	israel	history	democracy	egypt	corruption	terrorism			lack of a successor clouds future after arafat yasser arafat seems to have held off one more challenge to his rule. but his latest victory does not answer the question of what will happen when he finally does leave the political scene.
3			business	investor	acquisition	investing	technology	company	finance	bankruptcy	money			telcordia to sell for $ 1.3b: newspaper warburg pincus, providence equity close to acquiring former part of at bell labs, report says. new york cnn money two investment firms are about to close a deal to acquire telecommunications software company telcordia technologies inc.
2			cb	sport	football	talent	rogers			lions, rogers ok six year deal the detroit lions reached a six year deal with shaun rogers yesterday, making him the highest paid defensive tackle in the nfl, his agent said. kennard mcguire would not reveal terms of the contract, but reported the deal was worth $ 46 million and included a $ 15 million signing bonus. rogers, 25, was selected to the pro bowl this year and was ...
1			election	politics	conservative	mr	gov	bush	trump			bush to give supreme court ultra conservative edge president george w. bush's election victory has won him the right to give the us supreme court, which plays a key social role, a much stronger conservative leaning.
4			electronics	computer	chip	intel	technology	semiconductor	silicon	industry			intel: half billion on a chip intel corp. is on track to introduce the world 's most advanced chip production technology in its products next year, the largest semiconductor maker said.
4			mobile	mobility	technology	nokia	evolution	performance	change			palmone updates the treo smartphone palmone 's long awaited update to the treo 600 will come with a new processor, sharper display and flash memory, as the company continues to improve its flagship product.
4			computer	network	privacy	web	technology	internet	networking	email	security			intel sees web buckling, invests in new systems intel corp. on thursday outlined its vision of the internet of the future, one in which millions of computer servers would analyze and direct network traffic to make the web safer and more efficient.
4			science	technology	evolution	invention	innovation	patent	idea			when invention turns to innovation technological inventions are not going to have the same kind of transformative value that they did in the past.
3			income	success	business	revenue	sale	finance	profit	money			tupperware posts profit, narrows '04 view tupperware corp. on monday posted a third quarter profit versus break even a year earlier, helped by improved results outside north america.
3			business	management	marketing	innovation	globalization	ethics	leadership			the new breed the time cnn 25 business influentials setting the global standards for management, ethics, marketing and innovation
4			electronics	computer	graphic	chip	hardware	technology	color	linux			nvidia sli on two geforce 6800 ultras nvidia 's sli tech is about as cool as it gets, and i wanted to see what happens when you pair up a couple of geforce 6800 ultra cards for a pc graphics solution
3			business	pollution	sale	finance	profit	health	money			rentokil shares drop on profit warning rentokil warned investors to expect lower profits for 2005 after reported a fall in profits for most of the 2004 and revealed it was finally washing its hands of parts of its uk hygiene business.
1			election	america	politics	history	ohio	snow	campaigning	money			snow says not campaigning, pays ohio 7th visit us treasury secretary john snow paid his seventh visit of the year on friday to the electoral battleground state of ohio but said his trip had nothing to do with the the fast approaching election.
3			company	market	growth	finance	ft	risk	competition	industry			unilever and colgate warn of slowdowns in their earnings the two companies do not operate in all the same markets, but monday's warnings seemed to suggest that both were suffering from tougher competition in some areas.
4			computer	linux	hardware	software	technology	storage	retail	security	windows			microsoft's pos move may make it a viable retail option with linux making an attractive alternative, microsoft moved to scale down the size and the security holes of its operating system. the result? a retail focused os that is one tenth the size.
4			computer	device	mobility	java	hardware	technology	nokia	computing	linux			amd launches sempron for low power notebooks amd has released the mobile amd sempron processor 3000 for thin and light notebooks . the low power processor is aimed at entry level notebooks, as opposed to the 3000 mobile amd sempron processor for full size notebooks.
2			baseball	statistics	retirement	sport	race	football	player	williams	stats			williams asks nfl to clarify his status ricky williams has asked the nfl for a hearing to clarify his playing status, a possible first step if the running back tries to return to the league.
2			news	baseball	television	sport	football	entertainment	tv	money			plenty of blame to go around in monday night meltdown sometimes you have to wonder what the geniuses at the major network sports divisions are imbibing or inhaling when they make critical decisions about what we watch.
4			hacking	technology	cisco	security	linux			cisco's p cube aims to stop spam at source the start up, soon to be acquired by cisco, adds feature to help broadband service providers fight zombie attacks.
2			olympics	art	sport	fencing	swimming	woman			us wins first fencing gold since 1904 thens, aug. 17 as the american fencer mariel zagunis yelled in triumph, her teammates rushed her and hurled her into the air. what made their celebratory gesture especially notable was that zagunis was still holding, and waving, her ...
1			politics	election	controversy	war	violence	bush	terrorism	gun			kerry bashes bush on assault weapons ban sen. john kerry sought to make president bush pay a political price monday for the expiration of a partial assault weapons ban, but other democrats reacted warily on an issue that has hurt the party in recent elections...
4			mobile	business	network	technology	service	telecommunication	finance	money	cost	phone			services will make cash flow, says vodafone vodafone, the world 's largest mobile phone company, believes it can generate an extra 2.5 billion in cash every year by reducing costs and getting customers to spend more on their phones.
4			electronics	computer	itunes	device	technology	apple	macintosh			stylish gadgets which have become cultural icons when it comes to stylish electronic gadgets, few companies make them like apple computer inc. the apple power book g4 range of professional standard notebook computers, instantly identifiable
2			coaching	baseball	statistics	espn	basketball	soccer	sport	recruiting	football			bc high tops xaverian three weeks into the season and the bc high soccer team remains unbeaten. junior forward colin stanton scored the winning goal yesterday on a pass from sophomore jay deluca as host bc high edged xaverian, 2 1. the eagles improved to 3 0 2.
4			terrorism	technology	ghost			spooky psychic thriller spot on psi ops' mix of futuristic military adventure and spooky psychic undertones has much to offer.
1			politics	election	history	war	democracy	iran	terrorism	afghanistan	security			security blanket for karzai 's swearing in threatened by the taliban, surrounded by security forces and watched by the second tier of the bush administration, hamid karzai is due to be inaugurated as afghanistan 's first democratically elected president this morning.
4			electronics	computer	manufacturing	chip	technology	performance	semiconductor	silicon	industry			chip sales rise; inventories seen down global semiconductor sales rose 1.1 percent to $ 18.2 billion in august from the previous month and it appears as though chip inventories are declining, an industry trade group said on thursday.
4			ibm	grid	application	linux	collaboration	technology	patent	computing	industry			ibm registers grid computing wins claiming grid technology continues to expand outside its traditional scientific and research markets, ibm on friday is announced several grid based commercial projects built on ibm platforms have been launched, including one at the us environmental
4			mobile	cellular	technology	smartphone	wireless	nokia	telecommunication	phone			docomo 3g phones add wireless voip japan s top mobile carrier has begun marketing a mobile phone for corporate customers that works over both the local wireless and cellular networks.
2			baseball	miami	race	sport	football	player	williams	dolphin	tracy			report: dolphins win grievance against williams former dolphins running back ricky williams was ordered by an arbitrator friday to pay a huge sum of money to miami, which filed a grievance against the star after he retired just prior to training camp this season.
2			politics	election	baseball	sport	race	football	stadium	washington	attendance			mayor, council prepare for stadium vote the delayed decision on a planned $ 440 million baseball stadium to house the washington nationals appeared close to the necessary seven votes monday, with district of columbia council chair linda w. cropp pledging not to stand in the way.
1			politics	election	war	democracy	violence	iran	iraq	terrorism	afghanistan			afghanistan death toll in 2004 up to 957 the killing in afghanistan spirals onward, undermining u.s. claims of success in pacifying the country with less than a week to go before an historic experiment with democracy direct presidential elections...
3			business	uncertainty	bankruptcy	risk	competition			interstate bakeries falls on auditor report warning interstate bakeries corp. , maker of wonder bread and hostess twinkies, said yesterday its auditors' report may raise questions about its ability to continue as a going concern, sending its shares tumbling more than 42 percent. the company said in a statement that its annual report would again be delayed because of uncertainty over whether it will ...
2			coaching	baseball	hockey	basketball	sport	defense	scoring	football			defense hard to dent it's impossible to lose a game if you don't allow any points. that's the primary reason falmouth has a seat on the undefeated bus after a 25 0 win over nauset friday, a victory that ran the clippers' record to 5 0.
3			contract	business	lawyer	greed	litigation	finance	bankruptcy	competition	money			alitalia talks stretch past deadline racing to avoid bankruptcy, alitalia quote, profile, research struggled into the early hours of thursday for a last minute deal with its powerful unions to roll
4			electronics	material	technology	mechanics	rubber	magnet	plastic	physics			plastic magnet breaks the mold the world 's first practical plastic magnet has been created at the university of durham, according to a report in new scientist magazine.
4			computer	business	software	technology	microsoft	strategy	competition	security	windows			microsoft sharpens up its elbows microsoft is on the move again. as it has in the past, the software giant is trying to elbow aside rivals who have pioneered new markets.
4			application	software	technology	project	patent	rs	linux			contextweb nabs $ 3 million com september 20, 2004, 3:00 pm pt. this fourth priority 's main focus has been improving or obtaining crm and erp software for the past year and a half.
4			computer	mobility	technology	power	acceleration	performance	apple	speed	computing	linux			mac supercomputer gets performance makeover virginia tech announced that its apple based system x supercomputer has been rebuilt for speed and now operates at 12.25 teraflops.
1			politics	abortion	election	democrat	diversity	voting	race	debate	republican	woman			fla. senate candidates have opposing views republican mel martinez, hoping to become the first cuban american senator, criticized his opponent monday for saying she would not have voted for the war in iraq knowing what i know now. the first debate between martinez and democrat betty castor comes as a new poll found castor had erased the small gap between them.
4			manufacturing	production	unemployment	technology	manufacturer	factory	productivity	export	industry			manufacturing speeds up as consumers spend away the outlook for us manufacturing improved in november as factories hired more workers in response to a jump in new orders, a national survey published on wednesday showed.
1			politics	america	election	democracy	religion	god	money			banning the bible to get out the vote there have been some rumors floating around lately about an rnc ad that is being sent to people living in the bible belt about how 'liberals' want to ban the bible what that really means, i don't know, but there you have it . it ain't a rumor folks, this is u.s. presidential campaign 2004, at its finest.
3			business	technology	company	internet	ibm	email	industry			ibm plans web meeting service; takes aim at webex ibm plans to offer web conferencing as a hosted internet service, seeking to reach small and medium sized business customers while taking on more established rivals in the market, the company said on tuesday.
2			coaching	baseball	travel	nbc	espn	sport	nfl	football	toronto	jet			jets remain unbeaten the new york jets are 4 0 for the second time in their 45 year history, but they know that the road ahead is bound to be more difficult to travel.
3			tobacco	baseball	statistics	business	sale	reynolds	company	profit	earnings	industry			reynolds american reports $ 339 million third quarter profit reynolds american inc. reported today a profit of $ 339 million in the third quarter the first earnings report that included the results of the combined rj reynolds tobacco co.
2			coaching	boxing	michael	basketball	sport	comeback	athlete	talent			upi newstrack sports paul hamm produced an amazing comeback wednesday night to become the first american male to win the olympic gymnastics all around gold medal.
4			product	electronics	computer	manufacturing	hardware	technology	marketing	innovation	apple	industry			phil schiller, analysts discuss the imac g5 apple computer inc.'s senior vice president of hardware product marketing, phil schiller, officially kicked off apple expo paris this week introducing the imac g5 during his keynote address. analysts are unanimous in their support for the new consumer machine and the strategic ties apple has drawn between the imac and the ipod in marketing the computer.
4			authentication	hacking	network	privacy	technology	encryption	networking	security			group aims to create hallmark of security four founders invite security giants to join push to test network software, to make sure it lives up to its promises.
4			electronics	safety	biotechnology	technology	patent	security	industry			maker of disposable rfid tags gets millions the swedish industrial development fund has invested about $ 4 million in cypak, which makes throwaway rfid tags.
3			insurance	business	investor	investing	greed	finance	profit	bankruptcy	money			us airways needs more savings to attract investors us airways probably will need more cost cuts or a boost in revenue to attract the usd $ 250 million in equity it says it needs to leave bankruptcy next year, the company said on thursday.
2			boxing	baseball	cycling	athletics	sport	race	football	swimming	surfing	racing			triathlon: kiwi gets the last kick athens hamish carter won the gold in the men 's triathlon on thursday, outkicking the world champion and fellow new zealander, bevan docherty, over the final 500 meters.
4			network	ethernet	wireless	technology	internet	broadband	networking			cingular to upgrade data network cingular wireless announced plans to upgrade its high speed data network, allowing faster downloads on many home broadband connections.
2			coaching	politics	television	sport	football	communication	money	media			on football parcells had a plan, and he stuck with it watching parcells use the media this week provided another example of why he 's one of the greatest coaches in nfl history. parcells has used his regular news conferences to send messages to
2			baseball	retirement	basketball	sport	football	cancer			clarett: i 'took the fall for buckeyes like a zombie punching its fist through the soil on a stormy night, former ohio state running back maurice clarett reemerged from isolation in an interview in a story appearing in espn the magazine released on espn 's web site yesterday.
3			business	sport	investing	greed	book	competition	money			retooled varsity group set to return to nasdaq shares of varsity group inc., the online bookseller that rose to prominence during the e commerce boom only to stumble badly, will return to trading on the nasdaq national market this morning.
4			computer	privacy	technology	gps	robot	physics			are you sitting comfortably? then let 's spy new internet based technology could soon turn regular computer users into armchair spies, a canadian inventor said on monday. vincent tao, an engineer at toronto 's york university, said he has invented a mapping
4			windows	electronics	computer	mac	hardware	technology	car	power	linux			imac g5: marvel on the inside, too the new g5 imac is the finest personal computer i ve ever used, hands down, writes mike wendland for the detroit free press. nothing comes close. if you have ever thought of switching from a windows based pc to a mac, this is the deal clincher. it is simply a stunning machine both to look at and to use. oct 05
4			electronics	surround	software	technology	music	sound	stereo	audio			first look: big sound for small spaces niro 400 package offers easy setup and good audio, but falls short on surround sound.
4			industry	ibm	statistics	computer	technology	machine	nasa	speed	computing	linux			ibm wins supercomputing crown blue gene l, a supercomputer developed by ibm ibm:nyse news research and the us department of energy, has clinched the title as the world 's fastest, beating out a previously top ranked computer from japan 's nec.
1			politics	election	war	democracy	china	india	corruption	terrorism			india 's congress win in state helps national clout india 's ruling congress party, flush with an election win in the state that is the heart of finance and film, will now be better armed to deal with demanding communist allies, newspapers and analysts said on sunday.
3			job	business	ceo	technology	strategy	risk	money	efficiency	security			eds ready to trim payroll over 2 years electronic data systems corp. could cut 15,000 to 20,000 jobs more than 10 percent of its workforce over about two years to help reduce costs by about $ 3 billion, chief executive michael h. jordan said thursday.
2			baseball	sport	boston	football	money			division rivals meet for pennant the fans wanted it. for that matter the entire baseball world wanted it. now it 's here, and nobody is champing at the bit more than the boston red sox.
3			revenue	business	microsoft	company	corporate	corporation	competition	money			corrected update 2 microsoft first quarter profit, revenue rises in seattle story headlined, update 2 microsoft first quarter profit, revenue rises, please read in 12th paragraph ... barnicle said ... instead of ... barnacle said ... corrects spelling of name . seattle, oct 21 reuters microsoft corp.
2			baseball	beijing	game	asia	olympics	china	athletics	sport	football			china olympians return as heroes crowds of well wishers greet the chinese olympic team, returning home with a record number of medals.
4			computer	graphic	manufacturing	software	technology	automation	design			new program lets people design 3 d objects programs for computer aided design, or cad, have been around for decades, but appears to be the first service that checks whether a design can be made, tells the customer how much it will cost. if the customer wants the item the design goes to a real world machine shop for manufacturing.
3			business	ceo	microsoft	technology	growth	innovation	hp	leadership			fiorina: hp 's future all about execution hewlett packard chairman and ceo carly fiorina said tuesday that the company is finally where it wants to be in terms of its organizational model.
1			politics	coaching	mr	tyrone	leadership			willingham firing a winning thing notre dame was fortunate to have a man like tyrone willingham at the helm. he 's a class act and a quality person. the young men who played for him have benefited from his leadership and example.
4			ethernet	hardware	power	performance	networking	memory	intel	linux			amd opteron chills out with power management powernow has been included in all opteron chips that have been on the market since mid may, but the feature cannot be used until instructions are built into the operating system.
1			election	politics	florida	democracy	voting	gov	privacy	technology	education			election related lawsuits pile up in fla. a lawsuit demanding touch screen voting machines be made to produce paper records will not be heard until oct. 18, a judge ruled friday, raising doubts that any significant changes to the system used by about half of florida's voters will happen before the election.
3			industry	business	company	enterprise	corporation	utility	privatization			hp shutters udc hewlett packard has decided to break up its utility data center udc program, according to company spokespeople. a long term initiative dating back to the late 1990s, the udc program aimed to provide enterprises
1			election	politics	democracy	syria	iran	poll	iraq	terrorism	afghanistan			national assembly elections set for jan. 30 iraq's electoral commission yesterday set jan. 30 for elections to choose a national assembly, a vote that could deliver power to iraq's shi'ite muslim majority after decades of disenfranchisement. the balloting, however, remains imperiled by calls for a sunni muslim boycott and a persistent insurgency that has roiled sunni regions.
3			buying	business	trade	sale	stock	bankruptcy	consolidation	merger			workers worry that merger may eliminate their jobs most adopt wait and see attitude as they await more details of historic retailing deal. by francis x. donnelly the detroit news.
4			pc	computer	technology	storage	machine	ibm	computing	linux			computer: ibm 's shoe box sized system ibm wants to topple the world 's leader in computer storage technology with a new shoe box sized disk system developed at ibm storage systems divisions in tucson.
2			statistics	espn	soccer	sport	football	cricket			football scores uptake bodes well for three three, the new entrant mobile operator pioneering 3g services in the uk, is experiencing strong uptake of its football news and video clips service in an encouraging sign of likely consumer demand for data services on mobile phones.
2			baseball	life	retirement	basketball	sport	football	money			pippen will call it quits today as the sun times first reported, scottie pippen will end two years of speculation, false alarms and his own indecision about finishing his spectacular career this morning when he announces his retirement after the bulls practice at the berto center.
2			baseball	hockey	sport	football	skating	canada	czech			top czechs renew rivalries at home, not in nhl it's not uncommon for ottawa senators forward radek bonk and new york rangers forward jaromir jagr to meet up on a sheet of ice and play hockey unless it's in their native czech republic.
4			job	skill	india	technology	innovation	education	industry			indian tech firms face skills gap india's it research and outsourcing industry is facing a skills shortage, a leading industry expert has warned.
1			politics	election	unity	violence	reconciliation	democracy	war	peace	sudan	conflict			sudan 's rebels, government gather for talks after 18 months of a deadly civil war in sudan, rebel leaders and government officials are sitting down together to talk about peace.
4			technology	wireless	internet	communication	telecommunication	spectrum	carrier	sprint			sprint, nextel consider lucrative deal sprint fon and nextel nxtl are in discussions to merge, with an eye to creating a wireless giant that could rival cingular and verizon wireless in size and scope, according to two people with direct knowledge of the talks.
2			baseball	money	sport	boston			we all could take a lesson from red sox st. louis t hree hours after the boston red sox turned the lights out on this world series, a guest staying on the 17th floor of the st.
4			politics	telecom	technology	broadband	communication	telecommunication	networking	money			telecom making a comeback? it seems that every time i write about the telecommunications industry, my thoughts slip back to my proud days at the standard poor 's equity group.
2			coaching	indiana	baseball	basketball	sport	rule	player	nba	indianapolis			arbitrator hears pacers the nba declines to participate as indiana teammates testify before an arbitrator in an attempt to get their brawl related suspensions reduced.
4			computer	networking	technology	power	innovation	hp	intel	linux			amd joins push for cooler, more efficient server room advanced micro devices inc. 's announcement that its new powernow technology will be available on its opteron line of processors could mean a lot to some enterprise customers.
4			electronics	computer	device	usb	technology	storage	networking	computing	linux			hitachi to release 100gb hard drives for notebooks hitachi announced it would be shipping 2.5in hard drives with capacities up to 100gb for notebook computers by the end of 2004. the travelstar 5k100 and e5k100 hard drives
4			virus	computer	hacking	safety	device	privacy	technology	bug	security	linux			mobile device safety downloading games, ring tones and screen savers to a mobile device can be fun. but like any internet connected gadget, a cell phone or a handheld computer can quickly become a target for viruses, worms and other bugs that wreak havoc.
4			electronics	computer	chip	hardware	technology	networking	semiconductor	intel	linux			intel outlines wimax plans upcoming chips will lead to relatively inexpensive hardware, company says.
2			michael	fan	sport	recruiting	football	ross			ross returns home as vikings assistant kevin ross knows a thing or two about how rowdy eagles fans can get for a monday night game at lincoln financial field. now an assistant defensive backs coach for the minnesota vikings, ross
1			election	politics	rating	campaign	polling	candidate	finance	money			fund raising by candidates, parties fund raising and spending in the 2003 04 election cycle by president bush, democratic rival john kerry and national party committees:
1			politics	america	washington	money	security			for kerik, a blunt new yorker, a complex washington task the job of homeland security secretary seems exceedingly more complex than anything that bernard b. kerik has faced.
4			computer	privacy	technology	encryption	trust	money	security			so what is it about win2k security ms u won't u enhance? expect clarification soonest
3			income	revenue	data	sale	technology	company	profit	industry			peoplesoft sees revenue above views peoplesoft inc. on monday forecast third quarter revenue would exceed wall street expectations, saying it added 150 new customers and had more large software license transactions than in the previous quarter.
4			dell	networking	biotechnology	technology	hp	silicon	intel	security	linux			rumors buzz again about dell considering amd rumors that dell may be considering advanced micro devices server chips are again causing a stir. amd 's stock shot up friday after press reports quoted dell chief executive officer kevin rollins saying his company is studying the possibility.
2			baseball	atlanta	basketball	sport	heat	football			heat handles atlanta shaquille o neal swatted away boris diaw 's layup to preserve a 26 point lead, then waved into a nearby television camera the moment he landed on his feet.
2			coaching	baseball	basketball	football	coach	quarterback			notre dame loses in final seconds a lot of so called college football experts predicted a second straight losing season for embattled head coach tyrone willingham and the notre dame football team this fall.
4			computer	linux	device	usb	storage	technology	networking	computing	windows			hitachi readies 100gb notebook drives higher capacity hard drives will be available by the end of the year.
2			boxing	injury	espn	volleyball	retirement	sport	basketball			o neal out with tight hamstring shaquille o neal missed the miami heat 's preseason game against the orlando magic on friday because of a tight left hamstring.
4			electronics	computer	linux	hardware	software	technology	networking	security	windows			flash dims amd 's revenue outlook with the economy slowly turning up, upgrading hardware has been on businesses radar in the past 12 months as their number two priority.
2			coaching	baseball	statistics	espn	basketball	sport	recruiting	defense	football			hokies capture acc title, bcs spot virginia tech now can proclaim itself the acc 's best team and no one can argue. the 10th ranked hokies capped their inaugural acc season with the league 's outright championship, getting two touchdown passes
4			job	technology	immigration	tech	migration	innovation	globalization	export	industry			offshoring forces tech job seekers to shift strategy the frenzied rhetoric about technology jobs going overseas has quieted in recent months. while doomsday predictions for the domestic tech industry have subsided, there's clearly a trend toward exporting some jobs.
2			michael	baseball	angel	sport	football	cancer			oswalt 's ejection untimely roy oswalt received the backing of his teammates when it looked like michael barrett was heading toward the mound for an unfriendly visit.
2			coaching	baseball	massachusetts	espn	basketball	sport	boston	recruiting	football			umass draws support there are some people who think the university of massachusetts basketball team is a contender in the atlantic 10 this season. the minutemen received 12 first place votes and were projected for a third place finish in the east division in the league's men's preseason poll with voting from coaches and the media.
3			driver	business	ceo	retirement	car	company	ford	bankruptcy	leadership			turnaround progress seen, 2 executives to leave ford two of the ford motor company 's most senior executives retired on thursday in a sign that the company 's deep financial crisis has abated, though serious challenges remain.
2			medal	doping	sport	scoring	performance	competition	gymnastics			paul hamm keeps olympic gold lausanne, switzerland ap oct. 21, 2004 the court of arbitration for sport says you can 't change the result of a gymnastics sports competition based on hindsight.
4			computer	recovery	data	software	storage	technology	bankruptcy	security	linux			emc would like this dantz emc will announce today that it has closed on the acquisition of dantz development, a privately held company that it hopes will give it a toehold in the $ 600 million spent by small to mid size companies on data backup and recovery software.
4			electronics	device	manufacturing	chip	technology	semiconductor	patent	silicon	industry			global chip sales rose 1.5 in october worldwide semiconductor sales rose a scant 1.5 percent in october, to $ 18.8 billion from $ 18.5 billion in september, as many chip users pared inventories.
4			hacking	sport	technology	wireless	internet	broadband	telecommunication			covad tries an end run in a tough scrimmage against resurgent baby bells, the broadband pioneer flips open the voip playbook.
2			baseball	basketball	sport	boston	football	competition	money	rivalry			not looking down at umass the game came about because both sides had wants and needs. boston college wanted a fifth home game; the university of massachusetts needed to pump revenue into its cash strapped football program.
2			baseball	nascar	espn	motorsports	sport	golf	football	car	motorsport	racing			this weekend on tv, radio nascar busch series aaron's 312 qualifying at hampton, ga., speed channel 7 p.m. nascar nextel cup bass pro shops mbna 500 qualifying at hampton, ga., speed channel pro basketball 8 p.m. exhibition: detroit at minnesota, espn 10:30 p.m. exhibition: phoenix at sacramento, espn college football 8 p.m. hawaii at boise ...
4			computer	business	software	privacy	storage	technology	email	security	linux			symantec shares slide on news of veritas buy symantec moved a step closer to joining the ranks of the leading broad based corporate software sellers yesterday as it announced a $ 12.5bn all stock agreement to buy storage and data back up company veritas.
4			computer	pc	business	technology	microsoft	apple	ibm	pcs	computing			report: ibm to spin off pc unit ibm nyse: ibm is selling its pc business, marking the end of an era for the personal computing pioneer, according to a story published today in the
4			sony	application	technology	ip	patent	physics	research	industry			sony and samsung to share basic technology patents sony corp. and samsung electronics have announced that the companies have agreed to share patents on basic technologies to speed up product development and avoid adding to a growing number of cross border patent disputes.
4			software	car	technology	microsoft	apple	linux			palmone to make microsoft windowsmobile treo? first that team wins that thing, now thispalmone palmsources biggest customer and maker of the treo 650 appears it really might be planning to use microsofts windowsmobile os in its treo line of smartphones.
4			computer	hacking	privacy	technology	hacker	security			would you hire a hacker? theodp writes a german security company has divided opinion in the it industry by offering a job to the teen charged with creating sasser.
1			politics	paisley	war	democracy	negotiation	violence	peace	religion			republicans holding up quest for peace : paisley the republican movement is holding up progress in the search for a new peace process deal, democratic unionist leader the reverend ian paisley claimed today.
4			electronics	battery	dell	computer	technology	power	reliability	linux			dell recalls millions of potentially faulty notebook adapters dell has announced a massive recall of notebook computer power adapters, saying the components made by a company whose products caused a similar recall last month by ibm could overheat and spark fires or electrical shock.
4			mobile	windows	technology	nokia	networking	phone	linux			panasonic unveils international 3g cell phone clamshell style wcdma phone packs a browser, e mail software, and two cameras.
1			politics	election	history	israel	democracy	economics	religion	terrorism			after arafat it is often the case with charismatic rebels with a just cause that, when they pass on, the world tends to assume one of two things: either that all problems will be solved now, or none will be solved.
2			coaching	michigan	basketball	espn	sport	scoring	detroit	nba	stats	pistons			nba wrap: returning trio help pistons end skid chauncey billups scored 21 points in his return to the line up as the host detroit pistons also welcomed back coach larry brown and ben wallace with a 93 85 triumph over the minnesota timberwolves wednesday.
4			hacking	software	privacy	technology	encryption	networking	email	security	windows			symantec updates home and small office security products the updates are designed to protect against network scanning worms and keep phishing attacks at bay.
3			business	ceo	investing	technology	company	growth	innovation	money			huge and proud of it new enterprise associates is the biggest stand alone venture capital operation in the world, and industry critics say the company's girth is a handicap.
2			baseball	injury	espn	sport	boston	football	kennedy			sports: kennedy out for season with knee injury anaheim, calif. the anaheim angels will be without second baseman adam kennedy as they pursue a postseason berth. kennedy tore up his right knee in the fifth inning of last night 's 5 to 2 win over seattle.
3			revenue	price	sale	technology	profit	competition	money	earnings	industry			nokia says profit will keep falling as prices drop nokia oyj, the world 's largest mobile phone maker, said profit may drop for a second straight quarter. earnings fell 20 percent in the three months ended in september because the company cut prices to regain market share.
4			privacy	technology	broadband	ip	internet	tv	competition			sbc inks deal with microsoft for ip tv although telcos need to position themselves as strong competition to cable operators and voip providers, idc 's amy harris questioned whether sbc 's effort will pay off.
4			application	business	java	software	development	patent	linux			jboss takes on business process management jboss inc. has added business process management bpm to its growing roster of open source software.
2			baseball	injury	basketball	sport	football	drug	tennis			iverson has broken thumb, but will play allen iverson broke his right thumb but plans to play anyway tuesday night for the u.s. olympic basketball team, which is coming off an embarrassing loss to puerto rico in its opener...
4			electronics	manufacturing	technology	energy	korea	semiconductor	samsung	silicon	industry			samsung to make $ 24b chip investment by 2010 samsung electronics co. ltd. plans to invest 25 trillion won us $ 24 billion in building new semiconductor production lines by 2010, the company said monday.
4			device	music	privacy	technology	storage	video	sony			sony's vaio x: like tivo on steroids new device offers 1tb of storage, can record seven channels simultaneously.
4			java	software	technology	storage	networking	patent	linux			jboss set to shine with jems middleware stack jboss on monday plans to flesh out details of its open source middleware stack consisting largely of existing software technologies, with the company intending to fill out the stack over time.
1			politics	news	history	war	democracy	love	journalism	terrorism	politician			a deadly reversal i hope that newspapers do not represent public opinion. if they do, it means that we consider the home secretary 's love affair more important than the resumption of the most deadly conflict since the second world war.
4			cooling	computer	technology	power	performance	energy	innovation	efficiency	silicon			amd cuts power on 90nm opteron processors advanced micro devices managed to reduce the maximum thermal output of its newly released 90 nanometer opteron server processors by 25 percent compared to the previous generation, the company said wednesday.
4			electronics	computer	chip	intel	technology	networking	memory	silicon	computing	linux			intel 's 65nm chip will make laptops go further intel has built a fully functional 70mb static random access memory sram chip with more than half a billion transistors, using 65nanometer nm process technology.
4			network	privacy	technology	internet	telecommunication	email	security			internet users left stranded after intelsat satellite fails commercial satellite operator intelsat ltd. lost use of one of its satellites sunday a mishap that left some internet customers stranded and could jeopardize a proposed 5 billion deal to sell the company to a group of four venture capital firms.
4			wikipedia	java	collaboration	software	technology	tech	patent	google	linux			tech briefs sourcelabs has raised $ 3.5 million in a first round of funding from ignition partners and index ventures. the seattle startup, which was founded earlier this year, will help companies integrate and deploy open source software.
3			asia	business	china	trade	company	japanese	japan	growth	money	industry			business sentiment hits 13 year high business sentiment among major japanese manufacturers improved in the june september quarter for the sixth straight time, reaching the highest level in more than 13 years, the bank of japan boj said friday.
1			election	politics	labour	pm	conservative	mr	resignation			pm sets up blunkett return who quit as home secretary on wednesday evening fter next mays general election. sources say he could return as
4			computer	money	investing	technology			fiorina: sometimes it spending is a bad thing not expecting a rush of it spending during the last three months of 2004, hewlett packard co. hp chairman and chief executive officer carly fiorina said thursday that it buyers have become smarter and more
3			trading	investor	speculation	investing	stock	market	finance	profit	money	earnings			investors may be edgy on earning warnings investors are expected to focus on oil prices and corporate earnings outlooks this week, and the slightest warning about company revenues could weigh on stocks.
2			running	sport	race	football	horse	racing			south winds up prevailing paul south entered yesterday's john f. kennedy 50 miler with just several months of hard training under his belt following two years when he did little serious running.
3			computer	business	investing	technology	company	stock	corporation	money			hewlett packard buys back $ 1.3b in stock hewlett packard co. monday said it bought back $ 1.3 billion in stock and announced a plan to buy back another $ 3 billion in shares over the next several months.
4			computer	network	technology	marketing	internet	website	networking	seo			meeting site stands nearly alone in most internet categories, successful sites have led to copycats. but one growing internet service has attracted a loyal following but, strangely, no rivals.
3			share	investing	shareholder	company	stock	corporation	derivatives	money	capital			us stock index futures are little changed; citigroup, ge slip us stock index futures were little changed. dow jones industrial average shares including general electric co. slipped in europe. citigroup inc.
4			biotechnology	privacy	technology	health	cancer	security			privacy breach feared from human implant chip: health india: new york, oct 17 : the us government could literally be getting under the skin of its citizens with the first futuristic microchip implant for humans getting a go ahead this week.
4			p	trend	technology	company	tech	finance	money			tech stocks end higher, oil prices climb p p p by megan davies p p new york reuters u.s. technology stocks gained onthursday after bellwether nokia raised its earnings forecast,but blue chips slipped as oil prices climbed almost $ 2 perbarrel, increasing concerns about future corporate profits. p
3			business	technology	fashion	competition	money	woman			dot com back: varsity group turns the corner inside varsity group inc. 's 11th floor headquarters in the district, clutter twentysomethings in jeans are doubled and tripled up in small offices. a rear wall is about to be knocked down to make more room. for the first time in four years, the e commerce company is bursting at the seams.
4			computer	unix	technology	power	hp	networking	ibm	computing	linux			ibm previews new supercomputing server the power5 based system is part of big blue's push to oust hewlett packard from the top spot in high performance set ups.
2			politics	athens	game	olympics	sport	football	greece	fireworks	event			athens throws a party to celebrate games if anyone deserved a party, it was the people of athens. the flame went out on the olympics during a closing ceremony sunday night that honored the birthplace of the games with an ebullient display of greek pride and symbolism, a relief filled celebration of the ancient and the new...
4			computer	pc	china	microsoft	technology	apple	ibm	industry			how ibm and the pc changed the world ibm transformed the world when it launched the personal computer back in 1981. its decision last week to sell its pc business to chinese it supplier lenovo shows how profound the changes it brought about really are.
2			coaching	indiana	baseball	michigan	basketball	sport	recruiting	football	coach			indiana hires roethlisbergers ex coach ben roethlisbergers college coach is moving on to the big ten conference. terry hoeppner, who spent the last 19 years at miami ohio , was named as the new football coach at indiana on friday.
4			electronics	ibm	computer	technology	patent	security	industry			ibm, hp, sun micro sensing opportunity in rfid sensor field the answer if you believe hewlett packard , ibm and sun microsystems is those bar codes printed on the side of just about every product sold today.
3			politics	business	ceo	profit	money			lewis: kmart profit lets ceo do more with more aylwin lewis is smiling. he 's the president and chief executive of kmart holding nasdaq: kmrt news people , which posted its fourth straight quarterly profit on wednesday.
4			science	genetics	biology	biotechnology	technology	scientist	research	cancer			show time for stem cell science it's time to get down to business for stem cell scientists and administrators after the tremendous boost they received from the passage of california's proposition 71. two advisory board appointments have been made; there are 25 to go. by kristen philipkoski.
3			deal	business	sale	company	greed	profit	bankruptcy	money			peoplesoft exec: we pumped up earnings the company asked customers to accelerate deals in order to bolster earnings a ploy to exaggerate profits, oracle lawyers say.
2			doping	athletics	sport	athlete	iaaf	drug	tennis	cycling			doping greek sprint duo's hearing postponed greek sprinters costas kenteris and katerina thanou won a two day reprieve at the athens olympics when a disciplinary hearing investigating their missed drugs tests was adjourned until wednesday.
2			baseball	history	statistics	espn	sport	nfl	football	time	detroit			new england 's win streak hits 19 in a part of the country that is steeped in history, new england 's nfl record, 19 game winning streak might not be recognized with the same reverence as paul revere 's midnight
2			america	baseball	television	sport	nfl	football	tv	money			big deal for nfl if you don 't think professional football means a lot to the us networks that own the rights to broadcast the games, check out the deal a few of them just made with the nfl.
3			business	technology	company	growth	innovation	google	money			after the ipo, google may need to invest in itself san francisco google 's star crossed stock offering is making high tech history. but will its cash windfall help make it a permanent part of silicon valley lore despite mounting competition and a tepid market? ...
4			computer	television	network	technology	microsoft	internet	linux			computer, tv merger begins sbc and microsoft strike a $ 400 million deal to provide internet tv. also: gates agrees to computer charity work in developing countries hellip;. japan gives us surround sound cell phones hellip;. and more.
4			america	electronics	computer	hacking	biotechnology	technology	terrorism	intel	security	linux			amd 's german plant inflicts wounds on rival intel a sprawling computer chip factory near the war scarred german city of dresden is forcing a shift in momentum in the battle between two us technology superpowers.
2			baseball	yankee	bat	sport	car	football	softball			red sox bring craziness to grand stage you make the right turn off storrow drive onto boylston street, and that 's when you get the first look at the little green ballpark.
4			coding	radio	software	wireless	technology	networking	patent			fcc approves first software defined radio a technology that could transform wireless communications got a boost on friday when the u.s. federal communications commission fcc announced its first approval of a software defined radio.
1			politics	election	policy	australia	government	democracy	immigration	finance	money	canada			australian pm sets out priorities australian pm john howard says he will focus on national security and the economy during his fourth term.
4			linux	software	web	technology	networking	blade	security	server			ibm heralds burgeoning bladecenter support yankee group senior analyst zeus kerravala said that although it may take some time, it is likely that blade servers will eventually replace all parts of the software stack because of their time to market, cost and scalability advantages.
3			computer	business	ceo	china	privacy	microsoft	strategy	corporation	money			microsoft cfo: expect us to make more big acquisitions palo alto, calif. microsoft corp. may make more large acquisitions than it has done historically and become a more distributed company as opposed to moving key employees to its redmond, washington, headquarters, chief financial officer john connors said monday.
4			electronics	computer	manufacturing	chip	technology	performance	manufacturer	silicon	industry			chip tool orders fall in august orders for chip equipment placed with north american manufacturers declined in august and could decline further in coming months, an industry trade group said late thursday.
1			election	america	politics	democrat	democracy	privacy	money	politician			subscribers exposed dozens of the political action committee's subscriber pages revealed by simple google search.
2			turner	baseball	chicago	espn	basketball	illinois	sport	football	coach			illinois fires football coach ron turner ron turner was fired by illinois on monday after three straight losing seasons, a sharp turnaround from early success that included the team's first big ten football title in a decade.
3			politics	computer	business	technology	marketing	greed	commerce	finance	money			commerce one sinking fast commerce one, an internet software maker valued at $ 20 billion at the peak of dot com mania, is poised to go to a pauper 's grave.
1			politics	election	government	war	political	transition	religion	party	state			hungarian parliament to elect premier on sept. 6, kovacs says hungary 's parliament will elect a new prime minister on sept. 6 to succeed peter medgyessy, who is quitting after the junior coalition partner withdrew its confidence, outgoing socialist chairman laszlo kovacs said on state ...
4			manufacturing	technology	energy	finance	bankruptcy	patent	logistics	industry			nortel pushes back flextronics deal company delays divestiture of manufacturing assets, as it focuses on its financial restatement.
2			athletic	baseball	basketball	athletics	sport	football	athlete	enrollment	education			report: university can 't financially sustain ia status former university of idaho athletic director bill belknap fears a divide is being creating over athletics at the state 's land grant college.
4			mobile	technology	nokia	smartphone	phone			japan's docomo unveils 3g phones with 3d sound japan's largest mobile operator, ntt docomo inc. , unveiled on wednesday a new line of advanced mobile phones with stereo quality surround sound, high resolution digital cameras, and a special chip that allows owners to use their phones as a debit card.
4			industry	business	software	technology	bankruptcy	patent	linux			emc acquires retrospect maker dantz hopinkton, mass. based emc corp. announced today that it has acquired retrospect backup software maker dantz development corp.
2			boxing	doping	olympics	athletics	sport	athlete	iaaf	drug	cycling			doping casts shadow over olympics again five weightlifters were banned from the olympics after failing drugs tests, officials said on thursday, as doping scandals continued to dominate the first week of the games.
3			business	ceo	trend	sale	compliance	standard	marketing	analytics			in brief: centive unveils on demand spm solution centive on monday launched centive compel, an on demand, hosted sales performance management spm solution. the application, which is designed to be affordable and easy to implement, aims to help executives increase performance and profitability by better organizing sales teams and motivating individual sales representatives. centive compel provides at a glance reporting and analysis via dashboards that can be customized to help executives quickly identify trends and spot strengths and weaknesses within the sales organization. in addition, compel offers secure and auditable data management capabilities demanded by sarbanes oxley regulations.
4			ibm	manufacturing	technology	microsoft	apple	patent	email	industry			ibm product to challenge data storage leader emc ibm on friday will take aim at the heart of data storage equipment leader emc corp.'s market with a product that will allow emc buyers to switch to ibm.
3			product	statistics	business	software	technology	company	finance	analytics	accounting			first look: small business accounting apps intuit, best software offer new features, prices with 2005 editions.
4			mobile	mobility	banking	technology	smartphone	nfc	telecommunication	money	phone			motorola turns cell phone into credit card motorola plans to carry out a trial of cell phones incorporating mastercard 's paypass contactless payment technology. the cell phones will enable customers to make payments by positioning
4			computer	chip	intel	technology	apple	silicon	security	linux			intel says it's 'recovered' from costly missteps intel corp. will miss its 2004 product cost reduction targets because of a widely publicized string of product delays and problems, but those missteps are largely behind it now, the world's largest chip maker said on tuesday.
2			coaching	sport	football			notre dame names patriots offensive coordinator charlie weis as ... notre dame has tapped one of the nfl 's most successful units to fill its head coaching vacancy, signing new england patriots offensive coordinator charlie weis to a six year contract, the school said sunday night.
4			electronics	computer	linux	chip	intel	technology	apple	silicon	industry			intel cancels plan to enter digital tv chip market intel corp. intc.o: quote, profile, research on thursday said it has scrapped plans to enter the digital television chip business, marking a retreat from a major component of its consumer electronics initiative.
2			cycling	doping	athletics	race	sport	athlete	canada	event	racing			rogers wins unique double gold michael rogers made up for his disappointment in the olympic time trial by collecting the gold medal in the world championships twice.
4			network	ethernet	technology	hp	telecommunication	networking	pcs	intel	linux			hp launches standards based telecommunications push hewlett packard co. on thursday signaled its commitment to the intel corp. processor architecture and carrier grade linux for telecommunications infrastructure, announcing it will introduce a blade server based on those specifications as part of a new hardware, software and services strategy.
1			politics	election	history	life	time	debate	word	humor	politician			memorable moments of presidential debates the debates of 2004 may be remembered more for pained facial expressions than ringing words. is there one line that will survive the week, never mind the ages?
4			product	manufacturing	production	biotechnology	technology	innovation	patent	cost	industry			transmeta ships efficeon, lowers revenue outlook transmeta corp. has begun limited shipments of the next generation of its efficeon processor, which is being built on the 90 nanometer manufacturing process.
4			electronics	computer	philip	manufacturing	chip	technology	manufacturer	silicon	industry			philips sees flat chip market in 2005 philips electronics said on tuesday it expected a flat global chip market next year, in line with market research forecasts but more cautious than many of its rivals.
4			electronics	computer	hacking	mac	hardware	software	technology	apple	linux			barred from the apple store the computer maker's retail stores are pretty easygoing about customers playing with the display machines. but when it comes to running an in store hardware test lab, the company draws the line. by leander kahney.
4			computer	race	technology	japan	performance	machine	ibm	competition	speed	computing			ibm claims fastest computer title a us contender appears poised to recapture the supercomputer speed title from the japanese world champion, wednesday 's wall street journal reported.
4			electronics	computer	chip	hardware	intel	technology	tv	silicon	linux			intel kills tv chip plans firm announced plans to make tv chips in january, but 10 months later, the project gets scratched.
4			windows	electronics	computer	intel	privacy	microsoft	technology	silicon	linux			microsoft, intel spread digital joy microsoft and intel are joining forces to conquer us living rooms and make further inroads into the coveted consumer electronics space.
4			windows	application	java	software	privacy	technology	microsoft	linux			skype lures developers with software giveaway voice over ip software maker skype starting today will include the beta of its skype api application program interface with its skype for windows product.
2			marathon	running	athletics	race	sport	football	athlete	africa	cycling			el guerrouj is doubly good distance king, great britain 's holmes ... we are the world was the theme of the track and field competition on the last full day of activity at the 2004 olympic games as 14 countries other than the united states won medals at olympic stadium.
1			politics	election	controversy	democracy	mr	iraq	bush	conflict	uncertainty			bush may mean near term gain, later pain for blair british prime minister tony blair may be relieved at iraq ally george w. bush 's re election but analysts and politicians say any near term gain could soon give way to problems
4			electronics	computer	chip	intel	technology	power	silicon	linux			intel dual core chips are cool doubled up processors were the big news at this year?s intel developer forum. they boost performance without frying your chips ? and are coming your way soon.
2			athens	boxing	game	basketball	athletics	sport	greece	football	olympia			olympia oozes games history great players will walk upon a historic stage today at the ancient olympia stadium.
2			baseball	yankee	brown	sport	football			yankees: brown 's fire sometimes burns a little too hot the flushed toilet turned the already hot water into a scalding stream from the shower nozzle. kevin brown bellowed, then stormed out of the stall, picked up a baseball
4			electronics	computer	music	privacy	technology	innovation	consumer	design	windows			apple announces new imac that breaks design barriers just like the ipod redefined portable digital music players, the new imac g5 redefines what users expect from a consumer desktop, schiller told the audience.
4			politics	cyber	computer	surveillance	privacy	technology	information	bullying	security			district uses cyberspace to tidy up the district of columbia government, which long has struggled against an image of inefficiency, has begun cleaning out its closets with one of the most up to date instruments of modern electronic commerce.
2			boxing	baseball	sport	race	football	athlete	black	racism	color			black athletes loom large in world of sports movies with the longer and better theatrical version of spike lee's jim brown all american out today, i've been thinking about the dvd pleasure i've gotten from other portraits of african american sports figures. three to check out:
3			insurance	company	stock	finance	profit	corporation	risk	competition	money	industry			alcoa shares plunge on profit warning alcoa aa shares plunged more than 5 in early friday trading after the world 's largest aluminum producer warned that third quarter results would fall far short of wall street expectations, hurt by plant shutdowns, restructuring costs and
3			business	trade	delivery	china	marketing	logistics	shipping	globalization	export	earnings			update 2: fedex earnings more than triple in quarter the fedex corp., the huge package delivery courier, reported thursday its second quarter earnings soared due to a strengthening economy and continued growth in overseas and ground shipping.
3			business	privacy	technology	company	telecommunication	call	customer	consumer	email			intervoice's customers come calling intervoice gives companies a cost effective way to deal with customer calls.
4			game	graphic	linux	hardware	technology	performance	intel	color	windows			ati announces new x850 and x800 cards ati technologies today officially unveiled its new lineup in its radeon x800 family of add in graphics boards, including both a new flagship board as well as new, more wallet friendly incarnations of its current crop.
1			politics	america	election	rating	voting	polling	poll	money			gallup poll moves online with webcast free daily eight minute video featuring pollster in chief frank newport as a stand up anchor talking about the firm's latest polling data goes online at 6 a.m. monday through friday.
2			baseball	statistics	espn	betting	sport	nfl	football	coverage	playoff	number			new york jets new england patriots betting odds new england patriots have won 14 consecutive home games including play offs and so on the face of it should be very confident of extending their unbeaten record.
4			electronics	computer	chip	technology	hp	semiconductor	silicon	intel	computing			hp has chips with everything for the time being, hewlett packard will keep the crown as the world 's biggest spender on semiconductors, according to a report released on monday.
4			job	manufacturing	technology	unemployment	migration	innovation	research	employment	industry			study: meager recovery for it job market it employment in the united states rose 2 percent in the first quarter, but the demand for it workers continues to drop.
4			science	electronics	computer	technology	semiconductor	silicon	crystal			door open for silicon replacement a breakthrough in the way scientists make crystals could lead to a replacement for silicon in electronic devices.
4			battery	recycling	electronics	electricity	computer	device	storage	power	reliability			dell recalls notebook adapters dell has issued a recall notice for more than 4 million ac power adapters used with many of its notebook computers. the company says the adapters sometimes overheat, which could lead to a fire or electrical shock.
4			computer	linux	software	unix	technology	evolution	windows			linux: the new desktop os? the debate about using linux as a desktop os has been going on for years. with each kernel revision and every new distribution release, we hear that linux has become a feasible alternative.
4			computer	pc	business	privacy	technology	ibm	pcs	email	security	industry			ibm to customers: expect business as usual ibm may be selling its pc business, but it 's working hard to keep its pc customers. still, competitors dell, hewlett packard and others are likely to come knocking in an attempt to pick off nervous customers
2			boxing	game	espn	betting	sport	fight	hbo	boxer			espn goes to fights boxing game. espn is teaming up with main events to hold two ppv events, seven friday night fight cards and three special cards that would be exclusive of friday night fights.
4			electronics	graphic	canon	technology	japan	patent	industry			canon, toshiba to team on flat panel displays japanese technology companies canon and toshiba said tuesday that they would invest $ 1.82 billion in a joint venture to manufacture advanced flat panel displays.
2			politics	baseball	life	sport	race	golf	football	tennis	money			on brink of $ 10 million year, ho hum singh talk, toast of golf no cheering in the press box. this is the first, second and third commandment of sports journalism, at least until vijay singh 's approach shot on a sunday back nine appears to be sailing a tad too long.
4			electronics	dell	computer	manufacturing	hardware	software	technology	pcs	security	linux			dell trims pc prices for business clients dell cut prices on some servers and pcs by as much as 22 percent because it 's paying less for parts. the company will pass the savings on components such as memory and liquid crystal displays
1			election	politics	democracy	rhetoric	strategy	money			circling the wagons: the net politics of exclusion election 2004 why dodgy metaphors don't help
3			politics	business	network	company	bankruptcy	competition	money			nortel: nowhere to go but up it certainly sounds like bad news when a company fires seven executives for financial malfeasance, lays off 3,500 employees and advises investors that it expects sluggish market growth for the year. but for ontario based nortel networks, it 's ...
4			electronics	wired	network	ethernet	broadband	technology	wireless	networking			wi fi alliance unveils media streaming quality tech wmm to 'kick start' wireless consumer electronics
1			politics	people	money	drew			bills, patriots have old, new scores to settle he surely thought of it dozens of times and apparently said it at least once. given the chance yesterday, though, bill belichick wasn 't going to repeat out loud his opinion of drew bledsoe.
2			coaching	baseball	basketball	sport	race	golf	football	gambling	tennis	racing			b r's risk was worth the reward bridgewater raynham coach dan buron better throw his copy of kenny rogers' the gambler into the cd player and drive over to foxwoods.
4			linux	business	technology	storage	networking	ibm	industry			storagetek 's storability buy marks second industry acquisition ... for the second time this week, a storage hardware vendor has acquired a storage software vendor. on thursday, officials of louisville, colo.
4			network	connectivity	ethernet	technology	ip	routing	cisco	networking	linux			cisco, juniper making noise in high end routing space dueling cisco systems inc. and juniper networks inc. are both jockeying for the spotlight on the high end of the routing market with announcements of new developments around their respective crs 1 and t series core routers.
2			baseball	statistics	school	volleyball	athletics	sport	soccer	football	tennis			girls top 20 following is the globe top 20 in emass for girls' soccer. no. team record last 1. belmont 12 0 1 1 2. oliver ames 11 1 0 2 3. lynnfield 12 0 0 3 4. andover 12 0 0 4 5. norwell 12 0 0 5 6. bishop feehan 11 1 1 9 7. old rochester 12 1 1 7 8. wellesley 9 0 4 8 9. marshfield 8 1 4 6 10. weymouth 10 1 2 10 11. rockland ...
4			windows	itunes	hardware	software	technology	microsoft	tuning	linux			microsoft sees bespoke windows everywhere analysis premium hand tuning service available
3			politics	job	business	chaos	management	money			british airways bosses help out as airline claims problems ... london yes, that was the head of the british airways helping out at london 's heathrow airport today, as the airline scrambles to recover from a week of chaos.
2			michigan	transportation	sport	football			a touch of michigan under kirk ferentz, hawkeyes find success with ... four hundred fifty miles of midwestern highway separate iowa city from ann arbor, but the football programs at the university of michigan and iowa are much closer than that.
4			computer	linux	usb	technology	storage	networking	pcs	memory	computing	windows			seagate ships 400gb hard disk drive seagate technology has started shipping a 400gb hard disk drive for pcs that offers performance closer to that of a 10,000 rpm drive than that of a 7,200 rpm.
4			electronics	electricity	television	technology	energy	advertising	tv	consumer	money	industry			report: consumers tuning in to plasma tvs shipments go up, prices go more of the same on the horizon.
4			electronics	computer	buying	technology	marketing	internet	shopping	pricing	money			cheaper airfares now easier to find the holy grail of internet shopping is being able to go online, click a few times, and find the exact product or service you want at the best possible price.
4			mobile	mobility	cellular	technology	broadband	wireless	networking	carrier	sprint			sprint plans to be first with the treo 650 sprint announced plans today be the first wireless carrier to offer the new palmone treo 650. the treo 650 will be available next month at sprint stores, sprint business channels and online for $ 599.
4			electronics	computer	electricity	marathon	mobility	usb	technology	money	speed	linux			marathon reporter extends usb, firewire, more marathon computer on friday introduced its reporter port extender. the spherical device features a flat front face with two usb type a ports, a firewire 400 port, a firewire 800 port, audio in through a 1 8 inch stereo mini jack and audio out through a 1 8 inch stereo mini jack. the device connects to a mac or pc using a single 1.5 meter cable that splits apart into one foot lengths. the marathon reporter is shipping now and costs us 59.
2			politics	baseball	espn	sport	boston	football	vs	jet			jets get second half surge around the stove on cold nights, tales of the back to back boston north titles captured by the 2003 and 2004 east boston football teams will be told to jets in training for years to come. yesterday, east boston pulled away from madison park in the second half to take a 29 12 win, setting up eastie for a nov. 30 division 3a playoff matchup ...
2			coaching	basketball	sport	football	coach	quarterback			coach gets his chance to build on team's success while running drills at the annual high school football conditioning camp in woburn last week, john fiore of reading high school was the guy with the smile on his face, and quite possibly the little extra burden strapped on his shoulders.
1			election	politics	democrat	gov	race	candidate	republican	money			corzine announces bid to be n.j. governor four years after spending more than 60 million of his own money to get elected to the senate, democrat jon s. corzine announced thursday that he is running for governor in 2005.
2			baseball	england	television	espn	sport	football	sky	cricket	itv			sky deal a disaster for cricket the government today faced calls to review the list of crown jewel sporting events after sky bought the rights to england 's home test matches, sounding the death knell for live cricket on terrestrial tv after nearly 70 years.
4			computer	dell	software	unix	technology	apple	ibm	silicon	linux			dell 's ceo rejects the idea of buying ibm 's pc business. michael dell has seen the future and it 's a 128 node megagrid running the linux operating system on dell servers at oracle 's lab in austin, texas.
4			computer	software	unix	technology	japan	availability	computing	linux			linux 's supercomputing day as the supercomputing 2004 show kicks off in the us city of pittsburg this week, linux technology will be well represented among the big honking processor, storage and networking technologies on display.
4			electronics	computer	software	technology	licensing	copyright	patent	printing			court ruling on refilled printer cartridges touches dmca in a closely watched case involving the digital millennium copyright act, a federal court has ruled that a small north carolina company can continue selling a chip that makes it possible to use refilled toner cartridges in lexmark printers.
2			baseball	doping	olympics	athletics	sport	juventus	football	italy	cycling			rogge presses berlusconi over turin games ioc president jacques rogge pressed italian premier silvio berlusconi to encourage fund raising and public awareness ahead of the 2006 turin olympics.
1			election	america	politics	democracy	terrorism	afghanistan			bush hails afghanistan 's election us president george w. bush saidon saturday that the kickoff of afghan presidential elections was a remarkable achievement. a marvelous thing is happening in afghanistan, bush
4			network	privacy	microsoft	technology	encryption	vulnerability	email	security			amazon, microsoft team for spam suits com september 28, 2004, 8:37 am pt. most it managers won 't question the importance of security, but this priority has been sliding between the third and fourth most important focus for companies.
1			politics	election	result	democracy	polling	poll	iraq	candidate	electoral			iraqis push ahead with elections iraq has set a date of 30 january 2005 for its first nationwide election since the toppling of saddam hussein. the announcement came from the independent iraqi electoral commission in baghdad.
3			insurance	contract	deal	trade	business	drug	money	security			deal gets clean bill of health will pacificare's deal with american medical security prove to be a lucrative link?
3			trend	sale	marketing	option	fashion	bankruptcy	money	retail			levi strauss scraps dockers sale levi strauss co. said on monday it has scrapped plans to sell its dockers brand because potential buyers would not meet the company's price for the casual clothing line it had considered spinning off as part of a turnaround plan.
3			electronics	computer	sale	technology	marketing	profit	money	earnings	industry			electronics boutique quintuples earnings no, that 's not a typo. after the bell yesterday, electronics boutique nasdaq: elbo reported that earnings had increased fivefold to $ 7.3 million, or $ 0.30 per share, beating analysts estimates by a penny.
3			contract	business	work	sex	money			a new leaf for chris mihm is no shaquille oneal. that is to say, he doesnt refer to himself as the big journeyman, he doesnt duck walk triumphantly after a routine dunk, he doesnt demand a contract
4			electronics	pc	television	price	technology	competition	consumer	pcs	retail	linux			hdtv competition could bring deals prices are likely to drop as more outlets, including pc vendors, get into the market.
1			politics	election	history	war	democracy	violence	corruption	genocide	terrorism	rebel			ethiopian court sentences 3 former rebels to death for mass murders addis ababa, ethiopia ap a court has sentenced three former rebels to death for killing dozens of people while rebel factions jockeyed for power more than a decade ago, a government spokesman said thursday.
1			politics	election	finance	texas	money	education			a names finalist for chancellor the texas a university system board of regents in a special meeting wednesday named robert d. bob mcteer, president of the federal reserve bank of dallas, the sole finalist the chancellor position, the university system said wednesday.
4			computer	pc	hacking	technology	microsoft	ibm	pcs	security	linux			ibm 's pc business up for sale purchasers of ibm 's desktops and laptops were shocked to learn last week that ibm may be putting its pc business up on the auction block.
4			ibm	business	software	technology	company	oracle	sap	patent	silicon			technology ; oracle to oversupport peoplesoft customer ellison a merged company will invest more in business software applications than oracle and peoplesoft could do independently and we ll give sap a good run, ellison said.
4			electronics	computer	television	gaming	technology	multimedia	tv	pcs	toy			hp to tempt holiday shoppers with sights and sounds pc giant unveils consumer electronics strategy, including ipod music player, high definition tvs and pcs that record tv shows.
4			ibm	manufacturing	chip	technology	semiconductor	patent	silicon			amd taps chartered to meet chip demand the chartered announcement had been signaled when amd and ibm extended a chip processing deal in september. while the deal centered on jointly developed technology, it also left amd the option
2			coaching	history	team	sport	football	denver	cincinnati	coach	dallas			coaches: bengals, marvin lewis the last time: broncos 30, bengals 10; sunday, sept. 7, 2003, at paul brown stadium. the first game in the marvin lewis era went about as bad as it could for the new coach and his team as the broncos jumped
1			politics	election	controversy	democracy	polling	poll	iran	iraq	religion			shiite clergy push vote as iraq's nationwide elections near, the clergy has led an unprecedented mobilization of the shiite majority population. the momentum they have created has made a delay in the ballot difficult, if not impossible.
4			computer	software	music	technology	microsoft	copyright	apple	windows			battle brewing on the digital music front apple computer inc. 's reign as king of the digital music business is about to meet its most serious challenge as software heavyweight microsoft corp.
1			election	ads	politics	campaign	race	advertising	republican	minority	diversity			kerry courts blacks, hispanics with ads john kerry and his allies are intensifying their efforts to reach out to blacks and hispanics with waves of new advertisements meant to energize two groups that historically side with the democratic party.
4			network	broadband	technology	company	telecommunication	finance	competition	industry			third quarter loss $ 3.4 billion for mci mci inc. thursday reported a loss of $ 3.4 billion during its third quarter, reflecting its recent decision to write down the value of its telecommunications network.
2			coaching	racing	sport	golf	car	performance	coach	cycling			coach earnings surge 60 percent coach inc. on tuesday posted a higher than expected quarterly profit and forecast a robust holiday season for sales of its luxury handbags and accessories, sending its shares up as much as 8 percent.
4			computer	chip	investing	technology	telecommunication	finance	patent	money	intel	security			texas instruments plans buyback texas instruments inc., the largest maker of chips for cellular phones, on thursday said it plans to buy back $ 1 billion in stock and boost its quarterly dividend by more than 17 percent, becoming the latest technology company to return extra cash to investors.
2			baseball	olympic	china	basketball	volleyball	sport	football	tennis			us sweeps away slide in volleyball the united states had lost nine straight olympic matches, dating to the atlanta games in 1996. clay stanley made sure it didn't continue.
4			mobile	electronics	technology	smartphone	nokia	fashion	phone			nokia launches fashion phones at the totally fashion event in shanghai, china, nokia unveiled its latest mobile phones the 7280, 7270 and 7260. with sleek designs and interesting quirks, the phones which are more like fashion accessories
4			ibm	application	manufacturing	technology	microsoft	hp	patent	industry			ibm renews vows to mainframe ibm shored up commitment to its mainframe computing platform thursday with a series of new technologies, investments in emerging markets, new industry focused solutions, and new partnerships.
3			job	recycling	ceo	manufacturing	technology	company	innovation	money	industry			cirrus logic to lay off workers cirrus logic inc., a maker of microchips for consumer electronics, on wednesday said it will lay off 7 percent of its employees to save $ 2 million to $ 3 million per quarter, with expense reductions starting in its third quarter.
4			business	technology	company	tech	internet	finance	innovation	industry			techs rally on internet deal technology markets rallied wednesday. they were boosted by soaring internet stocks on news that cendant plans to buy orbitz and by investors looking for general bargains in the recently battered sector.
4			network	telecom	technology	internet	broadband	telecommunication	speed			optus broadband hits 250,000 subscribers optus says it has achieved more than 250,000 broadband subscribers, as it continues to benefit from an industry wide surge in popularity for the internet service.
2			boxing	baseball	game	gaming	espn	sport	football			microsoft shuts sports video games unit microsoft corp. msft.o has closed a studio operation that made some of its sports video games, cutting 76 positions, a spokeswoman said on friday.
3			insurance	business	sale	management	marketing	fraud	bankruptcy			nursery chain to liquidate frank 's nursery crafts, the lawn and garden retailer, declared bankruptcy wednesday for the second time, and said it will start going out of business sales as soon as it receives approval from bankruptcy court.
4			electronics	battery	computer	safety	recall	technology	lightning			lexmark recalling printers a recall of 39,400 laser printers made by lexmark international inc. and sold by lexmark, ibm and dell inc. is due to a potential electrical shock hazard, the consumer product safety commission said yesterday.
4			mobile	mobility	privacy	broadband	technology	nokia	wireless	telecommunication	networking	phone			skype offers free wireless voice calls internet telephony firm skype today promised free wireless voice calls for millions of european surfers via a version of its software for the recently launched siemens gigaset dect cordless phones.
4			boeing	manufacturing	aviation	technology	aircraft	communication	telecommunication	aerospace	industry			revenue growth of 8 stronger than expected boeing co. 's third quarter earnings rose 78 percent on higher sales of communications equipment to the us military and better commercial aircraft profits.
4			computer	progress	technology	acceleration	time	nasa	speed	computing	physics			new supercomputer claims to be fastest the builders of a new nasa supercomputer claim the 10,240 processor machine is the fastest in the world an exciting prospect for researchers even if the speed title has yet to be officially bestowed.
4			science	computer	engineering	space	technology	innovation	nasa	speed	astronomy			nasa sgi supercomputer tops in speed and research it 's one hell of a system, said columbia project manager bill thigpen, who told technewsworld the system is being submitted for a top spot on the upcoming top500 supercomputer list due next month.
2			politics	hockey	sport	football	money	canada			shanahan tries hand at being a mr. fix it kudos to red wings winger brendan shanahan for reaching into his own pocket last week to bring in a bunch of his pals for a hockey summit in toronto. finally, a member of the rank and file emerges as the conscience of the game, and at a time when the nhl product desperately needs propping up in the e for ...
4			windows	computer	software	privacy	technology	encryption	microsoft	security	linux			new version of windows boosts security for years, programmers at microsoft corp. and elsewhere have worked to make it easier for devices like cell phones and personal digital assistants to work instantly and easily with computers.
1			politics	history	war	democracy	iraq	terrorism			shirking the blame? it had been a long time coming, but tony blair has finally conceded that the evidence about iraqs weapons of mass destruction was wrong, and he has apologised, to an extent.
3			mobile	business	connectivity	sale	technology	consumer	money	retail			carphone warehouse rings up higher sales europe 's biggest mobile phone retailer, carphone warehouse, said in a trading update on wednesday that sales were up on the back of a 25 per cent leap in new connections.
4			battery	electronics	computer	technology	nokia	phone			palmone pushes out treo update new top of the line smart phone has a sharper screen, a faster chip and a removable battery.
2			beauty	culture	olympics	sport	sex	wrestling	woman			women grapple with cultural shift the first woman ever to win gold in olympic wrestling screamed with delight, subsided into floods of tears and leapt into the arms of an astonished referee.
4			application	linux	business	java	software	technology	finance	windows			open source crm firm offers subscription service start up sugarcrm sets out to shake up the business applications market with a free program and low cost support.
2			baseball	hockey	basketball	suspension	sport	football	transfer	player	nba	money			clippers forward brand suspended one game los angeles clippers forward elton brand was suspended one game without pay by the national basketball association nba on tuesday.
2			history	brown	basketball	sport	football	money			brown's back and grizzlies are happy hubie brown is back the memphis grizzlies and nobody is surprised. even after coaching the grizzlies to the best season in franchise history, brown declined to talk about his future with the team. he insisted he had to get a checkup and talk things over with his family all before deciding whether to return for another season.
3			revenue	loss	profit	fraud	bankruptcy	finance	competition	money	industry			scana third quarter profit falls u.s. power company scana corp on friday said quarterly profit fell, on litigation costs and a writedown related to an investment in a telecommunications business.
2			racing	baseball	basketball	athletics	sport	football	athlete	swimming	tennis	cycling			banned sprinter chambers trys football dwain chambers will be studying pass patterns and playbooks instead of competing against the world's top sprinters in the olympics this weekend.
4			electronics	television	technology	nokia	tech	telecommunication	hollywood	industry			texas instruments brings hollywood to mobile phones texas instruments is to bring live digital television broadcasts to mobile phones for the first time in a development that it claims could revolutionise the industry.
3			travel	business	vacation	tourism	marketing	expense	traveling	money			concur wants to track your travel most companies need to keep tabs on travel entertainment expenses. concur thinks it has a better way.
4			business	network	broadband	technology	internet	telecommunication	networking	email			sbc offers 19.95 month broadband to new customers sbc communications will offer a high speed internet connection for 19.95 per month to new customers who buy a top line calling plan and sign a one year contract, the company said on wednesday.
4			computer	technology	power	hp	performance	networking	intel	computing	linux			amd opteron is reved up with powernow technology amd said its opteron processor will be bolstered by power management technology that will decrease overall power consumption and optimize performance in enterprise server systems.
3			rating	revenue	network	sale	company	growth	profit	competition			nortel's shares fall on revenue warning nortel networks reversed a longstanding position that its revenue growth would exceed the overall market's this year.
2			indiana	baseball	chicago	basketball	sport	football	player	detroit	nba			pacers officials back banished players indiana pacers officials backed their players as the national basketball association rang with recriminations in the wake of a violent brawl between pacers players and fans in detroit.
4			hacking	software	privacy	technology	encryption	microsoft	security	windows			microsoft buys anti spyware company microsoft has purchased giant company software of new york, which makes software to detect a common form of malicious software programs known as spyware, the software giant says.
4			cluster	mobility	convergence	collaboration	technology	innovation	networking	patent			collaboration platforms present unified front binding end user access to once disparate technologies, vendors such as ibm lotus and open text are launching products designed to pull a variety of point products into a single platform.
1			politics	government	terrorist	iran	terrorism	security			government to take over terrorist watch lists from airlines the government will take over from the airlines responsibility for checking passenger names against terrorism watch lists and will begin testing its system within two months, the
4			network	ethernet	technology	ip	cisco	networking	availability	security			cisco to acquire network monitoring provider netsolve cisco systems inc. channel partners will be able to offer real time monitoring of enterprises networks after the company agreed to acquire netsolve inc.
4			computer	linux	hardware	technology	machine	ibm	computing	industry			ibms blue gene l: current world topper among computers new york, oct 3: computer major ibm claims it has developed the blue gene l to be the worlds most powerful computer, pushing the current ranker japans earth simulator to the second slot.
4			computer	technology	marketing	evolution	networking	email			msn messenger 7 beta: first impressions i got hold of the beta version of this much hyped up upgrade to the very popular instant messaging client msn messenger 7. i installed it on a test machine to see what new things it has to offer me.
3			income	business	revenue	oracle	profit	bankruptcy	accounting	ai	money			oracle sees peoplesoft profit declining peoplesoft 's profit may drop significantly this year and may have trouble surviving on its own, according to testimony monday by an oracle executive.
3			business	technology	fraud	innovation	bankruptcy	money			paypal says business nearly back to normal paypal, the popular payment method on auction site ebay inc., said wednesday the technical problems that left many users unable to access their accounts or conduct business appear to over.
3			price	sale	marketing	growth	profit	advertising	consumer	competition	money	food			mcdonald 's helped by increased sales mcdonald 's corp. said wednesday it expects to earn 61 cents per share in the third quarter, helped by a lower tax rate and increased sales worldwide.
4			computer	linux	unix	software	technology	microsoft	security	windows			q a: microsoft chief executive steve ballmer part two many experts say linux and open source software is your biggest threat. but is your real competitor a desire for an alternative to microsoft, rather than any particular product?
1			election	politics	rating	television	alaska	democracy	race	woman			south dakota electoral race is rerun under a shadow it has only been four months since stephanie herseth became the first woman ever elected to the house of representatives from south dakota, but the prominence that win gave her may make the difference as she faces the same opponent again for a full two year term.
4			business	network	trend	technology	communication	telecommunication	patent	competition			sbc plans nationwide voip rollout sbc communications nyse: sbc is jumping on the voice over internet voip bandwagon with the launch of service in selected markets and a proposed nationwide rollout designed to help the company keep pace with the competition.
4			science	electronics	computer	art	biotechnology	technology	tech	innovation	money			a technology whiz strives to make life simpler john maeda is a man with a lot on his mind. the mit professor of media arts and sciences thinks about how to make technology simpler; he thinks about using the computer as a mode of expression rather than simply as a tool; he thinks about making digital art from cheetos and sugar crystals.
3			sale	competitor	technology	marketing	company	money	pricing	competition	cost	industry			competition leads to kimberly clark cuts kimberly clark, maker of huggies diapers and kleenex tissues, said monday that it aims to cut costs by $ 400 million to $ 500 million over the next three years and will repurchase $ 1 billion in stock during 2005.
2			coaching	sport	football			barber benefiting from giants new coaches it 's either good coaching or a very large tube of stick em. how else to explain tiki barber touching the football 115 times this season without a single fumble?
4			application	linux	hardware	software	system	networking	security	windows			antepo further secures enterprise im this fourth priority 's main focus has been improving or obtaining crm and erp software for the past year and a half. opn system 4.5, the latest version
3			share	investor	china	investing	company	stock	finance	corporation	money	security			stocks down after china raises rates u.s. stocks fell on thursday as investors took a breath after yesterday's broad based rally and a decision by china's central bank to raise interest rates for the first time in nine years hit shares of companies that have benefited from its rapid growth.
2			soccer	juventus	sport	football	brazil	cricket	fifa	tennis			brazilian striker dies on field during indian club soccer match brazilian striker cristiano de lima jr. died on sunday after collapsing on the field during a domestic club tournament in the southern indian city of bangalore.
1			election	america	politics	democracy	voting	voter	money			are you ready for election day? the internet's chock full of information and persuasion to help you solidify your vote. here's a quick guide.
3			business	ceo	management	company	director	black	bankruptcy	asbestos			judge orders chief operating officer radler, 2 more, off hollinger ... an ontario judge has ordered three directors removed from the board of hollinger inc., including conrad black 's wife, barbara amiel black, company co chief operating officer david radler and vice president jack boultbee.
2			baseball	statistics	sport	football	stadium	reconstruction	attendance			washington council approves stadium, with conditions the city council narrowly approved a taxpayer financed plan late tuesday night to build a new riverfront baseball stadium. but it was not clear whether the amended measure
3			revenue	sale	japan	profit	advertising	money			profit rises for yahoo japan site tokyo yahoo japan, which operates japan 's most visited web portal, said wednesday that profit rose 46 percent during its fiscal second quarter as it sold more advertising.
2			baseball	chicago	college	michigan	basketball	sport	football	detroit			instant analysis: michigan at notre dame there are dozens of other games going on as this story is filed at 7:28 eastern time on a crazy saturday, but notre dame 's win over michigan might be the craziest in the bunch.
4			network	ethernet	privacy	technology	ip	networking	email	security	server			cisco guns for datacentres cisco systems aimed straight for datacentres yesterday at its annual worldwide analyst conference, with company executives claiming many communications functions in servers would be better moved into the network.
2			coaching	baseball	statistics	retirement	athletics	sport	recruiting	football	coach			san jose state football coach resigns san jose, ca sports network san jose state head football coach fitz hill announced his resignation, effective at season 's end.
1			election	politics	controversy	democracy	iran	iraq	terrorism	afghanistan			ballots pour into afghan counting centers ballot boxes poured into counting centers monday for a tally of the troubled presidential election in afghanistan amid signs an opposition boycott was wavering after at least two candidates agreed to accept the ruling of an independent panel's inquiry. election organizers hope their decision, announced late sunday, to establish a panel of about three foreign election experts to investigate the balloting will end the boycott, which many fear could seriously undermine the winner's ability to rule this war ravaged nation...
4			computer	data	manufacturing	technology	storage	ibm	memory	reliability	security	linux			ibm unpacks new storage gear big blue says its expected storage products will offer customers better performance at a lower cost.
2			coaching	baseball	syracuse	espn	basketball	sport	football	rumor			is syracuse football on permanent slide? the players hear it and so do the coaches. the perception is out there that syracuse football is in a downward spiral.
3			investor	investment	investing	leverage	finance	money			investor profile: asensio ponders long bet as a dedicated short seller for nearly eight years, manuel asensio became known as one of the most ruthless investors in the business.
2			statistics	basketball	athletics	sport	golf	football	tennis			bsc's palumbowins tennis honor kim palumbo of westwood made tennis history at bridgewater state college as she became the first bsc tennis player to be named the little east conference player of the week when she was chosen for the period ending sept. 25. the women's team, along with the men's program, joined the little east this season, after playing an independent schedule for ...
3			sale	technology	company	growth	profit	advertising	patent	google			google profit rises as sales double web search leader google inc. , in its first earnings report as a publicly held company, on thursday posted quarterly net income and revenue that more than doubled on strong web search advertising.
4			ibm	computer	data	collaboration	technology	patent	email	computing			venetica buy pushes ibm 's on demand agenda ibm 's planned purchase of venetica provides big blue with one more piece in its on demand computing strategy. the challenge will be to seamlessly meld venetica 's unstructured data expertise with structured data management.
3			business	revenue	transparency	company	finance	fraud	bankruptcy	competition	money			nortel delays filing for fourth time nortel networks, one of the world 's biggest telecommunications gear makers, has again delayed filing its restated financial results mainly because of revenue reporting issues, the company said thursday.
2			history	australia	shame	sport	football	fame			four years older, and wiser the sydney paralympics brought record ticket sales, television ratings, a new batch of sporting heroes. and then, without warning, came the shame.
2			medal	statistics	doping	olympics	athletics	sport	athlete	iaaf	cycling			ioc strips gold medal from russian shot putter russia 's irina korzhanenko was stripped of her shot put gold medal monday, the first athlete of these games to lose an olympic title because of doping.
2			baseball	atlanta	sport	football	racism			furcal issues apology for dui arrest, returns to lineup names atlanta braves shortstop rafael furcal returned to the starting lineup last night after issuing a public apology for his second dui arrest in four years. i want to say i'm sorry to bobby cox and also all my teammates and all the fans, the baseball fans who follow me in my career and follow the atlanta braves, furcal said ...
4			science	computer	discovery	technology	underwater	robot	diving			a submersible robot dives for steamship gold finding the wreck of a 19th century steamer in florida has taken special technology and the results have been extraordinary.
4			electronics	lcd	computer	graphic	television	technology	tv	video	color			world 's largest lcd tv developed the sharp corp. of japan has developed the world 's largest liquid crystal display lcd color television. the television has a 65 inch screen, far bigger than the 45 inches that
2			baseball	injury	safety	basketball	sport	football			ogunleye has ligament tear in ankle chicago bears defensive end adewale ogunleye says he has a small tear in the ligament of his right ankle and won 't play sunday against tampa bay.
4			authentication	hacking	software	privacy	technology	encryption	microsoft	security	windows			microsoft: security requires teamwork the software giant also tells european customers that it is making progress with efforts to limit security attacks against its products.
4			politics	computer	privacy	technology	internet	telecommunication	education			councilor envisions citywide wireless web access councilor john m. tobin jr. envisions a boston utopia, with greater public spirit and a more robust sense of community. and he says he knows how to achieve it: wifi.
4			electronics	computer	network	mobility	hardware	technology	networking	computing	linux			nvidia aims to take lead in k8 chipset market with nforce 4 mcp with its recent introduction of the pcie enabled nvidia nforce4 media and communication processors mcp for advanced micro devices amd processors, nvidia expects to extend its lead against other chipmakers for the worlds k8 chipset market, said drew
4			computer	hacking	privacy	technology	encryption	copyright	email	security			google's new pc search tool poses risks people who use public or workplace computers for e mail, instant messaging and web searching have a new privacy risk to worry about: google's free new tool that indexes a pc's contents for quickly locating data.
4			mobile	network	mobility	ethernet	city	technology	broadband	wireless	telecommunication	networking			verizon wireless expands high speed data network verizon wireless plans to expand its wireless high speed data network into 14 additional cities, including new york and los angeles.
4			dos	pc	computer	linux	software	technology	japan	computing	windows			sharp departs u.s. pda market in yet another indication that the u.s. market for pdas is losing momentum, sharp electronics has announced it will stop selling its linux based handheld computer the zaurus sl6000 in the united states.
4			science	electronics	nano	genetics	biotechnology	technology	robot	patent	cancer			nve's nanotrap snares speculators nve corporation's claim to mram fame doesn't stand up to nanoscrutiny.
4			computer	statistics	technology	economics	math	money	computing			debugging the megahertz myth most, if not all, of you have read or been in heated debates over why or why not higher clocked microprocessors are better than their comparable competition.
4			processor	linux	device	chip	hardware	technology	intel	computing	windows			intel releases pentium 4 ee 3.46, 925xe chipset for 1066 mhz fsb intel today announced a faster pentium 4 of its high end extreme edition ee series as well as an updated pci express chipset now supporting fsb1066.
4			processor	computer	hardware	technology	performance	hp	intel	computing	linux			intel shelves plans for 4 ghz p4 company will break its promise to deliver a speedier chip, shifts focus to dual core designs. intel has confirmed its near term plans for its desktop processors before it reaches the multicore era.
4			science	art	architect	biotechnology	technology	design	mit	architecture	astronomy			new haven architect to design adriaen 's landing science center a design for a futuristic glass building with a giant plasma video screen landed cesar pelli the job as architect for the new science center at adriaen 's landing.
1			politics	election	israel	result	polling	syria	poll	candidate			ten candidates to run in palestinian election ten candidates will run in the palestinian authority's presidential election to replace yasser arafat, officials said on thursday after finalizing the list of contenders for the jan. 9 race.
4			security	computer	data	technology	storage	information	archive	distribution	space	linux			storage revenues increase in q2 the latest storage numbers are in and big surprise storage spending is up.
2			coaching	baseball	sport	football	player	drug	gambling	money	tennis			players, owners resume talks on steroids lawyers for baseball's players' association and owners resumed talks tuesday aimed at a new agreement to toughen rules on steroid testing.
3			success	computer	business	software	technology	marketing	strategy	competition	money			the customer relationship expert takes a dose of its own medicine since 1993, siebel dominated the market for customer service software. in recent years, however, it has stumbled. can it regain its former glory?
4			ibm	computer	application	networking	technology	hp	patent	intel	computing			amd debuts dual core opteron processor amd 's new dual core opteron chip is designed mainly for corporate computing applications, including databases, web services, and financial transactions.
2			boxing	game	doping	olympics	athletics	sport	race	athlete	tennis	event			olympics: 'people power' stops games event, holmes wins people's power stopped a gymnastics final when judges' scoring destroyed russian alexei nemov's olympic medal hopes on monday, while briton kelly holmes shattered maria mutola's dream of consecutive 800 meters titles.
4			product	application	business	collaboration	software	technology	integration	industry			integration champion enters open source lists a new start up offering certification, testing and distribution of existing open source software could become the dell of the software industry.
4			security	computer	hacking	secrecy	privacy	technology	vulnerability	encryption	surveillance			ibm puts security at your fingertips looking to lock up your notebook and its data? ibm is offering you a new choice: its already attractive thinkpad t42 series now integrates a fingerprint reader.
4			linux	manufacturing	technology	economics	migration	finance	piracy	innovation	industry			switching to linux picks up steam about a third of businesses plan to migrate at least some windows machines to linux, according to a recent survey, but adoption will continue to slow and cautious, as companies evaluate a maze of economic factors.
2			baseball	hockey	soccer	athletics	sport	basketball	football	tennis			today's schedule college field hockey: mit at wellesley, 3 p.m.; salem st. at lasell, 3 p.m.; university of new england at bridgewater st., 3 p.m.; wesleyan at tufts, 3:30 p.m.; western new england at babson, 7 p.m.; clark at wheaton, 7 p.m.
4			mobile	mobility	connectivity	wireless	broadband	technology	telecommunication	networking	phone			new modem may offer on road connectivity a top networking gear producer plans to offer a speedy new cellular technology that's an alternative to dsl and cable internet access with the added advantage of being available on the road.
4			computer	business	manufacturing	network	technology	company	automation	innovation	networking	logistics			nortel goes under the knife again the latest corporate overhaul by nortel networks will shear the company of all its manufacturing operations and leave it with 70 percent fewer workers than it had four years ago.
4			science	nano	cell	biology	biotechnology	technology	surgery	research	cancer			'nano needle' operates on cell scientists perform a surgical operation on a living cell, using a needle just a few billionths of a metre wide.
4			hacking	network	privacy	technology	email	security			mcafee aims at small firms with e mail service with its service, the company says, spam is quarantined before it enters the customer's network.
3			business	china	aviation	restructuring	finance	bankruptcy	money	industry			china 's jet fuel supplier gets extension china aviation oil singapore corp., the company that supplies most of china 's jet fuel, was granted a six week extension friday for a restructuring plan following massive trading losses, a company lawyer said.
4			failure	computer	software	technology	evolution	innovation	change	linux			gartner sees shift to bite sized business software companies such as sap and ibm must break their software packages into smaller units as their corporate clients want to cherry pick them to update systems more frequently, consultancy gartner said on monday.
1			politics	tolerance	culture	democracy	censorship	islam	religion	terrorism	freedom			the limits of tolerance after an outspoken filmmaker is murdered on an amsterdam street and a muslim arrested for his killing, the dutch question their liberal tradition
3			mr	money	investing	business			lampert 's potent force in investing branches into retailing dreamworks skg co founder david geffen laughs when asked what it 's like to invest with edward lampert, the hedge fund manager and kmart chairman who startled the
3			business	ceo	investing	technology	company	stock	apple	money			engineering, support executives leave apple mac maker doesn't give a reason for the departures of tim bucher and mark wilhelm. meanwhile, stock's trading high.
4			business	network	broadband	technology	internet	telecommunication	networking	competition	email			sbc earns up on long distance, broadband sbc communications on thursday reported a higher third quarter operating profit as growth in sales of long distance and high speed internet service outweighed declines in local phone customers.
4			industry	electronics	computer	manufacturing	intel	technology	semiconductor	silicon	security	linux			intel doubles cash dividend intel corp. has taken some lumps this year due to weakening market conditions and several strategic errors, but the semiconductor supplier remains loyal to its shareholders.
4			business	collaboration	software	technology	enterprise	innovation	analytics	industry			actuate moves to take enterprise reporting to open source business intelligence software vendor actuate corp. is hitching its wagon to the open source movement in the hope of seeing its applications get even broader acceptance in the marketplace.
2			baseball	contract	hockey	pay	trade	sport	football	player			owners lock out players over contract dispute national hockey league owners carried out their threat to lock out players on wednesday, shutting down the league after the two sides were unable to reach a new labor deal.
4			mobile	electronics	radio	television	network	wireless	technology	telecommunication	tv			texas instruments working on live tv for mobile phones texas instruments have announced the development of the wireless industry 's first digital tv on a single chip for mobile phones, which will capture broadcast signals and allow mobile phone users to watch live tv program broadcasts.
3			statistics	business	marketing	company	pricing	research	competition	money			pepsico buys general mills joint venture pepsico inc. pep.n: quote, profile, research will pay $ 750 million for general mills inc. 's gis.n: quote, profile, research 40.5 percent stake in their snack ventures europe joint venture, the companies said on monday.
4			radio	mobility	traffic	technology	distance	power	time	speed			siemens clocks record speed in wireless race there 's a whole lot of factors that impact statements on speed, and the companies never include them. how far was it transmitted?
3			inflation	price	company	market	stock	growth	profit	wealth	money	earnings			stocks open down, oil up, colgate warns u.s. stocks opened lower on monday as oil prices rose above $ 46 a barrel, increasing concern about corporate profits, while personal products maker colgate palmolive co. warned about earnings.
4			computer	linux	unix	software	technology	networking	windows			desktop linux thinks small com september 20, 2004, 11:23 am pt. this fourth priority 's main focus has been improving or obtaining crm and erp software for the past year and a half.
2			crowd	baseball	ticket	game	fan	sport	boston	football	attendance	money			on foot or by phone, fans chase few tickets fans flocked to fenway park and tied the boston phone system in knots yesterday trying to snare the few world series tickets remaining after major league baseball, its corporate sponsors, and season ticket holders received their allotments.
2			coaching	baseball	afc	statistics	patriot	espn	sport	nfl	football	quarterback			nfl wrap: patriots roll to 20th straight win corey dillon rushed for 105 yards and two touchdowns as the new england patriots won their 20th consecutive game, defeating the seattle seahawks 30 20 in
4			computer	privacy	technology	marketing	ad	advertising	money			what is adware? what is adware? as with most things in life, there are two sides to every story and these adware packages have brewed up quite a bit of controversy. ask a web publisher and, if they can say it in a nice way without cursing while they do, they'll tell you that ...
3			politics	ceo	shareholder	greed	strategy	corporation	competition	security	merger			peoplesoft shareholders clash on takeover oracle corp.'s takeover tug of war with rival business software maker peoplesoft inc. intensified tuesday as two shareholders who own nearly 20 percent of peoplesoft's stock indicated they are prepared to line up on opposite sides of the battle lines.
4			electronics	ethernet	privacy	technology	usb	innovation	networking	linux			wi fi inside: new trend in 2003, removable wi fi pc card adapters were displaced by embedded mini pci card adapters, representing a fundamental shift, says a new report.
1			politics	election	democracy	voting	privacy	iraq	strategy	security			plan to let soldiers vote by e mail is questioned an election security expert has raised questions about missouri secretary of state matt blunt 's plan to let soldiers at remote duty stations or in combat areas cast their ballots with the help of e mail.
4			ibm	china	microsoft	technology	innovation	patent	ai	industry			ibm taps into china smbs officials announced the launch of an ibm innovation center in beijing thursday to find better ways to get software from isvs define around the world into the computers of small to medium sized businesses smbs in china.
4			detail	progress	hardware	microsoft	technology	change	security	windows			microsoft cuts advances for 2006 longhorn release microsoft corp. on friday said it will sacrifice some key advances it had planned for longhorn so it can deliver the successor to windows xp in 2006.
2			coaching	baseball	basketball	sport	football	money			for colvin, it's hip hip hooray for so long, linebacker rosevelt colvin couldn't do what he wanted, couldn't play football. now, he feels he can do whatever his coach wants him to.
4			product	automotive	recycling	electricity	safety	manufacturing	technology	industry			arvinmeritor sells coil coating unit auto and truck component supplier arvinmeritor inc. on wednesday said it sold its roll coater inc. coil coating unit for about $ 162.5 million to an affiliate of private equity firm willis stein partners.
3			insurance	business	technology	strategy	finance	bankruptcy	risk	money	security			rcn looks to exit chapter 11 rcn corp. , the upstart telecommunications provider that has sought to battle giants like comcast corp. and verizon communications inc. in greater boston and other markets, unveiled plans yesterday to exit bankruptcy protection by december and shed more than two thirds of its $ 1.8 billion debt load.
4			network	technology	wireless	internet	broadband	telecommunication	transportation			verizon wireless to add 16 cities to broadband verizon wireless, the largest us wireless company, will expand its high speed data service to 16 markets by the end of the year, the chairman of verizon communications inc.
4			biotechnology	technology	testing	research	cancer	sun	security			sun expands rfid testing, tools after setting up an initial rfid test center in dallas last may, sun microsystems inc. will follow up with a similar facility somewhere in scotland, said vijay sarathy, group marketing manager for rfid at sun.
4			developer	coding	windows	graphic	hardware	software	microsoft	development	linux			microsoft gives developers a glimpse of avalon coding community gets early look at new graphics engine set to accompany longhorn, the next version of windows.
3			business	ceo	trend	company	finance	profit	competition	money			wendy 's 3q profit rises 4 percent fast food chain wendy 's international inc. on thursday posted a 4 percent rise in third quarter profit and met wall street expectations, helped by strong same store sales growth at its wendy 's and tim hortons restaurants.
4			analysis	networking	software	privacy	technology	optimization			shawn fanning's snocap touts vision of p2p heaven analysis won't reach it without industry and download service support
2			sport	exercise	health	yoga	fitness			exercise may beat cancer in the long run a daily walk around the block, a few laps in the pool, a vigorous game of soccer: studies suggest exercise is extending the lives of women who've survived breast cancer, even as it lifts their spirits.
4			electronics	computer	hacking	chip	biotechnology	technology	privacy	cancer	security	healthcare			fda approves use of chip in patients medical milestone or privacy invasion? a tiny computer chip approved wednesday for implantation in a patient 's arm can speed vital information about a patient 's medical history to doctors and hospitals.
1			politics	america	election	history	democracy	economics	strategy	terrorism	money	policy			behind candidates domestic plans, an ideological gulf on social and economic policy, president bush and senator john kerry present a philosophical contrast that is one of the starkest in modern presidential campaigns.
3			trading	share	trade	option	market	stock	finance	competition	money			slip in demand lowers prices for seats on nyse new york stock exchange members seeking to rent their trading rights outnumber brokers who want them, as profits decline at the world 's biggest stock exchange.
3			statistics	business	investor	privacy	company	bank	fraud	research	money			update 1 sec charges hollinger 's black with fraud us regulators filed fraud charges on monday against former hollinger international inc. hlr.n: quote, profile, research chairman conrad black and his deputy, david radler.
4			electronics	computer	device	chip	technology	semiconductor	circuit	testing	silicon			intel builds test chip with new process to make faster circuits intel corp., the world 's biggest semiconductor maker, said it built a test chip with a new process that creates faster circuits by packing 10 million transistors into an area the size of the tip of a ball point pen.
4			authentication	computer	device	digital	usb	technology	storage	networking	memory	security			industry 's first smart sd memory card a secure digital sd card is a tiny memory card used to make storage portable among various devices, such as car navigation systems, cellular phones, ebooks, pdas, smartphones, digital cameras, music players, camcorders, and personal computers.
3			computer	manufacturing	technology	company	stock	growth	money	security	industry			stocks rebound, national semi stock up u.s. stocks recovered from earlier losses and rose early thursday afternoon, with national semiconductor corp. shares surging after the chip maker said problems with excess inventory in the distribution channel are behind it.
3			product	manufacturing	sale	marketing	retailer	advertising	retail	distribution	merchandise			tjx cos. earnings fall 4 percent tjx cos. inc. 's second quarter earnings fell 4 percent, reflecting higher markdowns on merchandise due to softer sales trends.
4			watch	electronics	gaming	privacy	technology	wireless			microsoft, swatch offer new wireless watches microsoft corp. and watch maker swatch are offering a new line of wireless data watches, the companies said on wednesday, bringing the era of dick tracy wristwatch radios one step closer.
4			democracy	technology	broadband	internet	infrastructure	telecommunication	money	education			fast internet service for the people for the millions of people who cannot afford high speed internet access, some local officials think they've hit on the answer: build government owned networks to provide service at rates below what big telecommunications companies charge.
4			statistics	revenue	manufacturing	data	trend	sale	technology	productivity	research	industry			seagate sees results above estimates seagate technology, the top u.s. maker of computer hard disc drives, on tuesday forecast quarterly earnings and revenue above wall street estimates amid stronger demand for its products than in the previous quarter.
4			sci	technology	tech	ft	patent	research			3com to buy tippingpoint for $ 430m 3com corp. became the latest company to scoop up technology for preventing attacks on computer networks, announcing today that it is acquiring austin based tippingpoint technologies inc.
4			job	manufacturing	technology	growth	innovation	patent	silicon	security	industry			freescale semiconductor to cut 1,000 jobs freescale semiconductor inc. plans to cut at least 1,000 jobs from its worldwide operations, the company said as part of its second earnings report since it went public in july after being spun off from motorola inc.
4			computer	hacking	privacy	technology	vulnerability	encryption	email	security	linux			experts push for more u.s. computer security efforts computer security experts, including former government officials, urged the george w. bush administration on tuesday to devote more effort to strengthening defenses against viruses, hackers and other online threats.
4			mobile	technology	smartphone	broadband	wireless	nokia	telecommunication	phone			nokia demos first mobile call using ipv6 nokia corp. has developed a prototype handset that supports mobile ipv6 internet protocol version 6 , a version of the protocol that will help to improve the quality of voip voice over ip , streaming video and other applications delivered to wireless devices, the company said tuesday.
4			politics	trend	privacy	technology	tech	blog	strategy	innovation			panel: kerry would take new approach to tech issues senator john kerry, democratic challenger to u.s. president george bush, would seek more government involvement on issues such as broadband adoption, cybersecurity and spam, while bush, if re elected, would continue to take a more market driven approach to those issues, a panel of washington, d.c., technology experts predicted tuesday.
4			manufacturing	technology	company	tech	stock	growth	patent	retail	industry			investors reward kmart, sears and their suppliers stocks rose as an $ 11 billion offer by kmart for sears, roebuck lifted retailers and better than expected earnings from hewlett packard ignited a rally in technology shares.
2			cycling	doping	olympics	athletics	sport	athlete	iaaf	event			olympics: kenteris and thanou to be investigated by athletics ... athens : greek sprinters kostadinos kenteris and ekaterini thanou are to be investigated by the world governing body of athletics and face being charged with a doping offence, it was announced.
2			coaching	baseball	history	safety	basketball	sport	recruiting	football	alabama			still winners despite loss one by one, bellevue high football assistants sprinted up the press box corridor, shouting at the top of their lungs. defensive coordinator james hasty, a former nfl cornerback, was the loudest, screaming, the streak is over.
4			hardware	technology	storage	networking	location	intel	security	linux			exec says pentium m may add location based services in 2006 intel corp. will likely add support for location based services to its pentium m line of mobile processors in 2006, a senior company executive said monday.
1			election	politics	democracy	iran	corruption	iraq	terrorism	afghanistan	security			monitors sound afghan poll alert insecurity and intimidation are putting october elections in afghanistan at risk, a new report says.
4			stealth	investing	technology	marketing	strategy	innovation	samsung	security			samsung anticipates aggressive chip kit spending pre emptive investment is critical to success, says chief
1			election	abortion	politics	campaign	labour	democracy	immigration	campaigning			fight new labour's del poll del identity tax cash'n'carrion more campaigning apparel from no2id
3			job	recycling	employee	manufacturing	technology	company	loss	industry			triquint to eliminate 200 jobs triquint semiconductor inc. said monday that it is cutting about 200 jobs as part of a plan to save $ 18 million per year by restructuring its optoelectronics business.
4			science	electronics	computer	discovery	technology	innovation	chemistry	physics			selling a breakthrough isn't always easy what would it take to get you into a brand new protof 2000 mass spectrometer today?
4			dell	ceo	manufacturing	biotechnology	technology	hp	ibm	industry			dell plans north carolina plant, to hire 1,500 dell inc. said on tuesday it plans to open a third u.s. manufacturing plant, based in north carolina with 1,500 workers, in a rare example of a u.s. high tech company expanding domestic production.
3			business	gaming	edward	sale	technology	security			j.d. edwards users still aren't sold on peoplesoft's takeover based on interviews with j.d. edwards users and an informal poll conducted by computerworld, peoplesoft has yet to win over the new customer base it inherited after buying its former competitor one year ago.
4			writing	computer	privacy	technology	book	money	paper			taming the curse of virtual clutter behind your tidy desktop once upon a time i used to have a really untidy desk, inches deep in press releases, old newspapers and illegible notes. now it may not exactly be paper free, but at least it is paper reduced.
4			ibm	computer	technology	performance	machine	patent	speed	computing			ibm claims computer speed title ibm corp. plans to announce wednesday that it has built the world's fastest supercomputer at one of its facilities in rochester, minn., wresting the title from a system in japan.
2			baseball	yankee	fan	sport	boston	football	baltimore			pavano hears yankees' sales pitch; next step baltimore names the carl pavano tour across the american league wrapped up its new york engagement yesterday with the free agent righthander meeting with yankees officials and reggie jackson . pavano, who went to yankee stadium saturday to meet with team trainers and video personnel, had dinner in manhattan with yankees president randy levine , general manager brian cashman , and ...
2			politics	baseball	hockey	sport	football	greed	gambling	money			players not greedy, goodenow tells fans please solve this because i don 't want to be watching trading places on saturday night. that was from david whittle, a hockey fan out of hamilton, adding a personal touch of levity and we think he meant
4			ethernet	technology	wireless	silicon	intel	linux			intel to launch tri mode wi fi chip set fulfilling a long time goal, intel corp. is set to introduce on thursday its first chip set that supports all three current forms of wi fi, according to sources familiar with the announcement.
2			coaching	baseball	retirement	basketball	sport	golf	recruiting	football	coach			south carolina coach holtz gives up game south carolina coach lou holtz announced monday he will retire, ending one of the most successful and colorful college football careers.
4			job	automotive	recycling	manufacturing	car	technology	transportation	industry			delphi to cut 8,500 jobs delphi corp., the world's largest automotive supplier, said friday it would cut 8,500 jobs next year.
4			industry	microsoft	technology	apple	networking	ibm	linux			ibm unveils latest on demand tech center com. ibm on monday unveiled a technology lab for customers looking to test the company 's products for managing computer resources based on business demands.
3			sale	retailer	home	retail	industry			us existing home sales surge 3.1 percent in september existing home sales in the unites states surged 3.1 percent in september to a seasonally adjusted annual rate of 6.75 million units, the third highest level on record, the
2			baseball	basketball	arizona	sport	football	softball	money			d backs have become laughingstocks wally backman is out of a job and the arizona diamondbacks are the laughingstocks of baseball. other than that, its been a pretty normal week here in the desert.
4			electronics	computer	chip	technology	semiconductor	testing	memory	silicon	intel			intel test chip boasts technology to add to speed intel, the world 's biggest semiconductor maker, said monday it built a test chip with a new process that creates faster circuits by packing 10 million transistors into an area the size of the tip of a ballpoint pen.
4			mobile	electronics	battery	computer	gaming	sale	technology	nokia	linux			palmone posts quarterly profit on handheld sales handheld computer maker palmone on monday posted a quarterly profit, versus a loss a year earlier, on stronger revenue spurred by solid sales of its treo 600 mobile phone and other digital devices.
4			electronics	device	network	ethernet	wireless	technology	networking	patent	linux			chipsets boost wi fi range by 50 percent broadcom said its wi fi compatible broadrange technology complies with ieee 802.11 standards and could be integrated into a wide range of wi fi products, from notebook pcs to routers and mobile phones.
3			statistics	revenue	trend	sale	marketing	growth	finance	consumer	money			online sales jump in november online consumers in the united states spent $ 8.8 billion, excluding travel purchases, in november, a 19 percent jump over the $ 7.4 billion spent online a year earlier, a report released monday said.
4			virus	hacking	privacy	technology	security	linux			news: diy phishing kits hit the net do it yourself phishing kits are being made available for download free of charge from the internet, according to anti virus firm sophos.
1			politics	election	beijing	democracy	china	corruption	power	resignation	leadership			china ex president may be set to yield last powerful post jiang zemin, china's military chief and senior leader, has told communist party officials that he plans to resign, two people with leadership connections say.
4			wikipedia	software	privacy	technology	networking	memory			recall toolbar: searches your visited websites recall toolbar: searches your visited websites i have seen and tried a lot of toolbars for internet explorer. most of them have nothing new to offer on the basic functionality front. only the value added services made them different from the other toolbars in the market. viewpoint toolbar was a good ...
3			trend	sale	company	stock	growth	profit	loss	money	earnings			update: woolworths profit up 12; ceo departure delayed sydney dow jones australian retail heavyweight woolworths ltd. monday said annual net profit rose 12 to a $ 731 million, and predicted solid growth this
3			revenue	business	sale	profit	finance	bankruptcy	competition	money	industry			peoplesoft posts profit peoplesoft inc. on thursday returned to profit in the third quarter from a year earlier with a 12 percent rise in sales that upended market fears that oracle corp.'s takeover bid had damaged peoplesoft's business in the quarter.
4			trading	technology	company	option	cisco	oil	networking	security	industry			stocks seen lower as oil, cisco weigh u.s. shares were seen opening weaker on wednesday as oil prices held near $ 47 a barrel, while a brokerage downgrade on technology bellwether cisco systems inc. could hurt technology shares.
4			mobile	device	mobility	intel	technology	nokia	silicon	computing	linux			intel announces latest mobile chip intel has announced the latest version of its centrino mobile processor family, the pentium m 765, which offers 2 mb of level 2 cache and a 400 mhz system bus.
1			politics	election	violence	democracy	war	peace	iraq	conflict	terrorism	mexico			hit by protests, mexico's fox urges a truce mexican president vicente fox called for a truce on wednesday to ease mounting political tensions, as hundreds of thousands of workers went on strike and some deputies literally turned their backs on him.
2			boxing	life	retirement	basketball	mr	sport	football	money			games hero amir tells of his joy he may be one of boxing 's youngest ever silver medallists with a glorious future ahead of him but yesterday teenage sensation amir khan told how he had more pressing things on his mind homework.
3			product	store	trend	sale	marketing	retailer	retail	distribution			retailers and their september sales september sales and sales for the fiscal year to date reported by leading retailers.
4			music	technology	blog	peer	media			p2p tilts toward legitimacy a peer to peer company signs a deal with three major record labels to provide content on its peer impact service, but it might not offer much for music fans. by katie dean.
4			computer	business	privacy	technology	marketing	money	speed			web data transfer to handsets made easier have you ever gone online to get driving directions, only to leave the printout behind? have you made movie plans, but forgot to jot down the show times? or do you simply need an easy way to feed phone numbers to your cell phone? a trio of entrepreneurs believe they have a solution.
1			politics	election	result	democracy	afghanistan			karzai team confident of victory in first round of voting in ... with one third of the votes counted in afghanistan 's landmark presidential election, hamid karzai was leading with 64 per cent, and his campaign team said tuesday it was certain the interim leader will win with the simple
3			news	business	acquisition	sport	technology	company	stock	merger			nextel talk catches fire news research and sprint fon:nyse news research shares surged to multiyear highs, fueled by reports that the telcos are in merger talks.
4			failure	hacking	computer	linux	software	technology	vulnerability	security	reliability			software glitch disrupts ebay 's paypal online payment service the operators of the online payment service paypal say efforts are underway to fix intermittent outages that have bugged the service for several days.
3			investor	ceo	speculation	investing	company	option	finance	bankruptcy	corporation	money			lazard is near a public offer, executives say bruce wasserstein, who runs lazard, the private investment bank, is developing a plan to take the company public, according to executives.
4			computer	pc	computing	device	privacy	technology	pcs	security	linux			national semiconductor unveils 'trusted' chip for pcs ibm will use the new devices, designed to make it more difficult for hackers to access a system's data, in its latest line of thinkcentre pcs.
3			product	name	business	acquisition	takeover	shareholder	company	bankruptcy	corporation	merger			peoplesoft board won 't negotiate takeover with oracle peoplesoft profile, products, articles inc. won 't discuss a sale to oracle profile, products, articles corp. for a price of $ 24 per share, the company 's board of directors
4			network	wireless	technology	broadband	fcc	telecommunication	spectrum			fcc adds spectrum for 3g services the federal communications commission thursday sept. 9 added spectrum to be used for advanced wireless services aws such as 3g data services.
4			wikipedia	computer	programming	music	technology	software	copyright	content	patent	linux			software should not be copyrighted lawsuit computer software should not be protected by copyright laws designed for music, literature and other creative works, according to a lawsuit filed in a u.s. court in san francisco.
1			politics	election	protest	violence	democracy	iran	religion	terrorism	freedom			pro democracy protest in iran gains momentum a rare pro democracy protest in tehran gained momentum late on sunday with hundreds of cars pouring onto the streets, blaring horns and provoking an appearance from hardline vigilantes, witnesses said.
4			electronics	computer	chip	technology	power	semiconductor	memory	silicon	intel			profiting from moore's law intel develops a new chip that roughly doubles the number of transistors on a chip.
4			intel	technology	energy	apple	hp	semiconductor	silicon	linux			intel heralds dual core pentium m intel continued its charge into its wireless future with news of its next generation pentium m processor. based on the 65 nanometer process technology, intel is working on its napa platform
4			radio	television	network	technology	broadband	internet	broadcasting	telecommunication			xm satellite radio to broadcast on web xm satellite radio holdings inc. will soon begin broadcasting some of its stations to subscribers over the internet, fresh on the heels of the company 's discontinuation of a receiver for pcs that some users
1			politics	election	censorship	mafia	scandal	corruption	italy	terrorism	money	politician			berlusconi ruling may extract poison from politics the decision by a milan court to clear prime minister silvio berlusconi of a raft of corruption charges marks the end of a decade long legal battle and perhaps the beginning of a more peaceful era for italian politics.
3			statistics	business	ceo	management	healthcare	dr	ft	finance	industry			dr horton sets record backlog, eyes 'strong fy 05 dr horton inc. dhi posted earnings of $ 349.6 million, or $ 1.47 per share, for the fourth quarter ended sept.
4			computer	linux	technology	ip	networking	ibm	security	server			ibm, intel offer blade specs we are convinced that openness will expand the blade server marketplace and bring more people on board with these types of servers, says tim dougherty, director of bladecenter marketing at ibm.
4			mobile	positioning	network	mobility	connectivity	technology	gps	wireless	telecommunication			alcatel snaps up spatial wireless alcatel plans to acquire us based mobile infrastructure company spatial wireless in a deal valued at $ 250 million. the agreement gives alcatel an avenue to expand in the us gear market.
3			business	strategy	finance	bankruptcy	profit	risk	money			earnings alert: lawson expects quarterly loss plus: sco to cap legal costs...novell sees weakness in it spending...salesforce reports rise in profit...nortel to lay off 3,500.
3			business	ceo	management	investing	technology	shareholder	company	finance	money			business briefing: oct. 20 padcom inc. has new chief executive officer. scott a. stone, the bethlehem company 's chief operating officer since last year, has been named ceo.
4			electricity	network	mobility	privacy	technology	broadband	internet	telecommunication	education			survey notes rise in us broadband users the number of americans who get on the internet via high speed lines has now equaled the number using dial up connections. july measurements from nielsen netratings placed the broadband audience at 51 percent of the us online population at home.
4			america	computer	technology	competition	money	space			branson: first space, now music to go nobody can say billionaires aren 't competitive: first richard branson announces he 's going up against paul allen in consumer space travel.
4			industry	product	detail	technology	patent	intel	linux			nvidia and intel sign broad cross license, chipsets license ... santa clara, calif. business wire nov. 19, 2004 nvidia corporation nasdaq:nvda and intel corporation today announced the companies have signed a broad, multi year patent cross license agreement
1			politics	history	music	evolution			springsteen kicks off 'vote for change' two of the biggest forces in rock music over the last 20 years were plugging in the amplifiers friday to kick off a high volume effort to oust president bush on nov. 2...
1			election	politics	florida	race	candidate			florida 'to list nader on ballot' ralph nader can be listed on florida ballots in the us presidential election, the state's electoral chief says.
2			coaching	injury	retirement	basketball	sport	player	nba	money			hearing set for pacers artest suspended indiana pacers forward ron artest will take the first steps in hopes of saving his nba season next week.
2			cycling	running	athletics	race	sport	football	athlete	chris	racing			newton north's barnicle headed to nationals second time's a charm for newton north senior chris barnicle. after finishing 10th last year, he won the foot locker northeast regional cross country race yesterday at van cortlandt park in the bronx with a time of 15 minutes 27.2 seconds.
3			ceo	trend	company	stock	ft	profit	growth	loss	competition	earnings			colgate warns, shares hit 4 year low colgate palmolive co. on monday issued its first formal profit warning in almost a decade, saying earnings will fall well short of wall street forecasts due to higher marketing spending, sending its shares down 11 percent to a four year low.
3			price	sale	marketing	market	fraud	pricing	consumer	competition	money			restitution is ordered in ebay sales eight ebay sellers were ordered to pay nearly 90,000 in restitution and fines after admitting they bid up products online to inflate the prices.
2			politics	baseball	history	sport	football	revenge			making the playoffs a rush for dillon before yesterday's kickoff, corey dillon spotted marvin lewis across the field, approached the cincinnati coach, and gave him an embrace. as they brought their heads together, the patriots running back told lewis that his grudge against the bengals finally would be gone. and the cincinnati coach reciprocated, agreeing that after the game the hatchet would be buried forever...
4			business	collaboration	technology	integration	enterprise	information	innovation	networking			the myth and the magic of enterprise information integration those that know what they're talking about see eii as extending the data warehouse not replacing it.
2			politics	baseball	history	basketball	sport	football			southern discomfort the hottest team in football? you'd have to have your helmet on backward not to recognize the folks in foxborough as they stand on the threshold of history. but take a peek south. you just might notice a couple of former laughingstocks who are no longer sunday punchlines.
4			product	computer	manufacturing	technology	machine	apple	innovation	linux			apple cuts prices and improves products apple introduced a range of new machines on tuesday, as it gears up for the annual christmas shopping season. as part of the launch, it cut the price of its entry level ibook g4 notebook computer and boosted chip speed across the line.
4			electronics	security	computer	hacking	privacy	technology	gun	surveillance			handheld computers aid republican convention security submachine gun, check. semiautomatic pistol, check...
4			cable	network	telecom	technology	broadband	telecommunication	bt			softbank to buy c w idc softbank corp said tuesday it has decided to purchase cable wireless idc inc from its british parent cable wireless plc in a bid to expand its telecom business.
3			business	ceo	mba	management	marketing	finance	accounting	hr	education			uh mba grad takes over as kmart ceo a graduate of the university of houston 's master of business administration program has taken over the reins of kmart corp. as president and ceo.
2			shoe	baseball	basketball	sport	football	kid	sneaker	swimming	tennis			the atlanta journal constitution rulon gardner unlaced his size 13 shoes, yanked them off and placed them on the mat. the big galoot, as friendly and unassuming as any olympian could be, recalled how he would sit on the floor as a kid and pull on his sneakers.
4			electronics	battery	privacy	technology	nokia	car	money	phone			cell phone sales keep booming despite a practically saturated western european market, cell phone sales are still booming worldwide, driven by longtime owners clamoring to update their phones and new buyers wanting to get on the phone owning ladder, according to a new report.
4			mobile	product	symbol	device	mobility	nokia	phone			symbol mc50 rugged professional windows mobile pocket pcs a rugged handheld that can withstand everyday use and abuse is sometimes needed among professionals. symbol today added the new mc50 windows mobile 2003 se devices to their line up.
1			politics	deficit	budget	spending	debt	strategy	money			the choice on the deficit both presidential candidates want you to think they have a serious plan to deal with the budget deficit. president bush and democratic nominee john f. kerry each promise to cut it in half in the next several years.
4			business	network	privacy	technology	growth	networking	competition	security	industry			nortel sees slower than market growth in q3 nortel networks corp. expects its revenue in the third quarter to fall below the previous quarter's estimated number and for its full year 2004 revenue to grow slower than the overall communications equipment industry, the company said in a statement thursday.
3			turbulence	business	ceo	management	reorganization	restructuring	bankruptcy	consolidation	leadership	merger			us airways names vice president of restructuring us airways group inc. named a vice president to oversee its restructuring efforts, the airline said thursday. james schear will handle us airways organizational restructuring responsibilities and work with
4			converge	network	convergence	collaboration	technology	innovation	networking	competition			three rivals to release networking devices that target convergence ... networking rivals cisco, 3com and enterasys all will release a series of products this month designed to upgrade the infrastructures of businesses of all sizes.
4			electronics	computer	india	technology	nokia	money	computing	linux			indian researcher designs revolutionary low cost pc for the poor professor raj reddy, an indian researcher in artificial intelligence and a professor at carnegie mellon university. has designed a wirelessly networked personal computer worth just 250 us dollars intended for the four billion people around the ...
3			meat	business	greed	stock	restaurant	competition	money	food	merger			wendy 's, interstate bakeries stock falls investors weren 't hungry for food related stocks wednesday after wendy 's international corp. served wall street a profit warning and interstate bakeries inc.
4			algorithms	computer	statistics	technology	performance	time	speed	computing	linux			two records in one day for sgi supercomputer the public record has been eclipsed by a faster result yet to be announced, cnet has learned.
2			coaching	baseball	boxing	espn	basketball	sport	football	nba	wrestling			nbas knockout punch indiana 's ron artest yesterday was suspended without pay for the rest of the season for fighting with fans during a bench clearing brawl friday night in the final minute of a game against the detroit pistons in auburn hills, mich.
4			electronics	statistics	computer	chip	technology	finance	patent	money	industry			after the bell texas instruments up shares of texas instruments inc. rose after the market close on thursday, after the chip maker said it plans to buy back $ 1 billion in stock and boost its quarterly dividend by more than 17 percent.
2			politics	baseball	life	sport	football	drug	gambling	money			baseball 's image getting creamed it 's the sport that won 't die, no matter what. you can have gamblers, psychotic fans, spouses that blab and players who cork.
3			business	investor	trend	detail	technology	shareholder	company	finance	bloomberg			update 1 nextel to sell half of its 18 percent stake in nii nextel communications inc. nxtl.o: quote, profile, research plans a public offering of 6.2 million shares of mobile phone service provider nii holdings inc.
4			network	connectivity	ethernet	mobility	broadband	nokia	technology	wireless	networking			broadcom 's 54g chipsets boost wi fi coverage wi fi users can now enjoy high speed wireless connections at distances up to 50 greater than existing solutions, thanks to two new 54g wireless lan chipsets, introduced by broadcom corporation.
3			buying	acquisition	sale	technology	company	corporation	merger			santa's bag of tech mergers 'tis the season for mergers, as technology firms go on a buying binge this holiday season that is starting to rival the great m a spree of the 1990s.
3			trend	price	sale	marketing	market	retailer	growth	retail	industry			wal mart sales at low end of forecast wal mart stores inc. said saturday sales at stores open at least a year rose 2.3 percent in september, according to its preliminary tally, helped by sales of bedding, electronics, food and pet supplies.
1			election	politics	campaign	spending	candidate	finance	money			candidate, party spending tops 1 billion spending by presidential and congressional candidates and the national party committees that support them already tops 1 billion for the 2004 election cycle, with more than two months of campaigning to go.
4			product	electronics	ibm	manufacturing	technology	innovation	patent	research	industry			amd begins shipments of oakville mobile chips advanced micro devices inc. amd has begun shipping commercial versions of its athlon 64 processors made using a 90 nanometer process, marking another step forward in the company's transition to the more advanced manufacturing technology.
1			politics	violence	money	race			improper words? yet another obscenity controversy. after winning for the fifth time at talladega, ala., sunday, nascar driver dale earnhardt jr. said in an interview that his victory don 't mean s right now.
4			network	technology	marketing	internet	networking			networkers' crowding achievement it was something of a back to school night for the crowd of entrepreneurs, marketing officers and venture funders who showed up in droves at the high end networking club at tysons corner.
4			computer	statistics	investor	investing	technology	intel	security	industry			before the bell: intel shares fall shares of intel corp. fell more than 7 percent before the opening bell on friday, a day after the technology bellwether slashed its quarterly sales outlook.
4			politics	ceo	microsoft	economics	technology	tech	innovation	corporation	intel			intel ceo: candidates ignore tech debate intel corp.'s chief executive on tuesday decried the lack of attention by the presidential nominees to how the united states is losing its competitive edge over other nations on education, technological infrastructure and research and development.
2			baseball	retirement	sport	football	money	talent			'prime time' wants third super bowl ring deion sanders insists he didn't come out of retirement for money, accolades or to prove he's still got a wealth of talent at age 37.
3			expectation	business	trend	sale	performance	growth	finance	profit	competition			stage stores 3q profit dips, meets views specialty department store retailer stage stores inc. on thursday said its third quarter results met wall street expectations, even though its profit dropped against a year ago gain.
1			politics	election	inflation	corruption			four cabinet members quit over term battle four cabinet ministers resigned yesterday to protest the extension of president emile lahoud's term, part of a bruising political battle that divided allies and drew the attention of the un security council. the ministers' resignations were not expected to bring down the 30 member government of prime minister rafik hariri. but they prompted lahoud to convene a meeting with ...
4			industry	application	java	software	technology	development	patent	tool	windows			borland details new vision for software development at bor con borland software monday previewed updates to its borland starteam and caliberrm tools as part of a new vision for more closely tying the application development lifecycle to business processes.
2			baseball	hockey	nhl	television	espn	fan	sport	football	playoff			bettman engages fans in online chat nhl commissioner gary bettman spent part of his afternoon wednesday answering questions from fans about the league 's lockout rather than preparing for opening night.
4			electronics	computer	weaponry	hacking	device	technology	weapon	gun	security			handheld computers aid convention security submachine gun, check. semiautomatic pistol, check. personal digital assistant, check. in addition to their usual weaponry, some officers responsible for securing federal buildings at the republican convention are armed with devices like handheld computers.
2			boxing	giant	retirement	sport	race	drug	racing			it's a family affair jimmy jerkens didn't learn how to be a trainer from a racing giant. he was taught by the giant killer, the nickname given to his father, allen.
1			election	britain	politics	democracy	iraq	strategy	terrorism	money	blair			blair prepares crucial party speech tony blair faces one of the trickiest speeches of his career today, seeking to win back his labour party after rifts over iraq and spell out new policies to set up next year 's re election bid.
2			coaching	baseball	espn	basketball	michigan	sport	football	coach	duke	stanford			michigan state two of the top coaches and programs square off when no. 9 michigan state tangles with 10th ranked duke at cameron indoor stadium on tuesday in the acc big ten challenge.
4			device	network	mobility	ethernet	broadband	technology	wireless	networking	switch			3com partners with wireless switch upstart 3com enters into the wireless switch market through a partnership with start up trapeze networks.
4			battery	linux	device	mobility	palm	technology	networking	sony			palm extends wi fi range the palmone wi fi sd card has finally arrived, but only for users with the most up to date models. the card is only compatible with two top of the range handsets, the zire 72 and tungsten t3.
3			inflation	company	index	market	stock	growth	dow	money	industry			stocks rise as dow erases loss for 2004 us stocks rose, sending the standard poor 's 500 index to its highest close in more than three years and erasing the dow jones industrial average 's loss for 2004.
4			mobile	electronics	philip	technology	wireless	nokia	nfc	phone			philips gets the jump on another new promising wireless technology: nfc philips semiconductors has a plan to cash in on the craze for cool new features in cell phones.
4			electronics	computer	business	technology	marketing	tech	seattle	innovation	money			boston's technology takes corporate, not consumer, tilt if you want to know what it feels like to be a salmon struggling upstream, or a migratory bird flapping south in the face of a stiff headwind, just try starting a consumer technology business in boston.
3			business	ceo	management	company	strategy	finance	linux			briefly: realnetworks loss widens on litigation roundup plus: smartdisk expands hard drive line...target to sell tivo dvrs...unisys signs up linux allies...looksmart names new ceo.
4			computer	linux	storage	system	networking	ibm	availability	memory	computing	server			ibm brings high end storage functions to midrange ibm on tuesday announced two new storage products upper midrange and high end disk arrays designed for ease of use and lower cost. the ds6000 and ds8000 feature higher physical storage capacities, a modular architecture, and additional visualization technology, all in systems considerably smaller than previous versions.
2			politics	baseball	television	sport	football	tv	money			our desperate tv times once again, my indifference to television paid off big time, because i wasn 't watching monday night football on nov. 15, and thus avoided direct involvement with a controversial
2			politics	boxing	baseball	basketball	soccer	sport	boston	football	softball			hot stove warms d.c. with the redskins sputtering through another disappointing season, the area can now enjoy a new diversion: offseason baseball maneuvering.
3			acquisition	management	shareholder	company	competition	logistics	merger			dt wants all of t online on saturday, deutsche telekom 's supervisory board approved a merger plan by the board of management. one day later, t online 's supervisory board consented to the offer of merger negotiations.
3			insurance	business	recovery	profit	bankruptcy	drug	money			merck profit falls, hurt by vioxx recall merck co. on thursday said its third quarter profit fell, hurt by big charges for the recall of the company's vioxx arthritis drug in late september after it was linked to heart attacks and strokes.
1			election	politics	democracy	voting	technology	poll			despite federal money, no consistency in e voting tens of millions of people will cast their votes nov. 2 in one of the most hotly contested presidential elections in recent u.s. history. but voters across the u.s. will encounter different voting technologies and procedures, with many counties nationwide clinging to punchcard, lever machine and even paper ballots, and the transition to electronic voting moving slowly in many states.
4			chip	hardware	intel	technology	performance	hp	silicon	linux			intel's dual core xeon due in 2006 a competing chip from rival advanced micro devices will likely arrive several months earlier.
2			coaching	baseball	espn	retirement	sport	recruiting	football	coach			zook is 20 13 in three seasons the university of florida has fired coach ron zook, effective at the end of the season, an assistant coach on the staff confirmed monday.
2			baseball	history	basketball	sport	football	time			cornhuskers must stop peterson as we head down the stretch of the season, the significance of each game will be amplified. while it is difficult to envision any team looking past an opponent at this juncture of the season
4			industry	computer	business	software	technology	hp	ibm	sap	linux			hp's software woe has bigger industry implication when hewlett packard co. hpq.n warned of a profit shortfall last week, it blamed problems it had combining two sap systems, something that the computer maker believed would be relatively simple when they were putting together a deal to buy compaq two years ago.
4			processor	cluster	chip	hardware	technology	performance	intel	linux			intel shelves plans for 4 ghz p4 company will break its promise to deliver a speedier chip, shifts focus to dual core designs.
4			dell	hardware	software	technology	pricing	semiconductor	retail	linux			dell cuts prices on enterprise hardware dell nasdaq: dell is giving its corporate customers a break, announcing price cuts on hardware ranging from enterprise servers and workstations, to desktops and notebooks for large business and institutional customers.
1			politics	election	violence	democracy	india	war	peace	iraq	conflict	terrorism			sri lanka rebuffs rebels demands sri lanka 's government has rejected demands from tamil tiger rebels to unconditionally resume peace talks. the rebels threatened at the weekend to return to military action unless discussions based on their blueprint for self rule began again.
2			politics	baseball	sport	sex	football	health	drug	money			local manager weighs in on steroid use by the numbers. by elia powers. with recent reports stemming from grand jury testimony that link major league baseball sluggers jason giambi and barry bonds to past steroid use, discussion of the sports tainted image resurfaced this week.
4			privacy	technology	identity	photography	online			virtual gamers reveal themselves a photography exhibitions in london documents what online identities gamers create for themselves.
3			business	investor	investing	company	stock	growth	corporation	competition	money	security			traded companies publicly traded companies command the most attention from investors and the media, but don 't forget that business behemoths start somewhere.
4			electronics	device	network	ethernet	wireless	broadband	technology	telecommunication	networking			first wimax baseband chip wavesat inc., a fabless semiconductor developer of broadband wireless chips, today announced delivery of the first ever wimax chip, the dm256.
3			business	manufacturing	ceo	speculation	timing	fraud	competition	industry			maker of twinkies delays filing annual report, hires turnaround firm twinkie maker interstate bakeries corp. on monday delayed filing its annual report for the second time, a move that dragged shares lower by more than 42 percent on speculation about the company's ongoing viability.
3			product	revenue	price	sale	marketing	growth	profit	earnings	export			astrazeneca posts strong rise in profits, optimistic about sales anglo swedish drugs giant astrazeneca reported a 14 percent rise in third quarter pre tax profit and said it was on track to hit earnings estimates for the full year.
4			chip	ethernet	intel	technology	wireless	networking	silicon	security	linux			intel: no wifi in grantsdale chipset intel corporation has decided not to enable the wireless access point function in its new intel grantsdale chip. a company spokesman confirmed that intel has decided to phase
1			politics	controversy	money	ethics			host says rather criticism got him fired a radio talk show host said saturday he has been fired for criticizing cbs newsman dan rather's handling of challenges to the authenticity of memos about president bush's national guard service. on the talk show that i host, or hosted, i said i felt rather should either retire or be forced out over this, said brian maloney, whose weekly the brian maloney show aired for three years on kiro am radio, a cbs affiliate here...
2			baseball	sport	golf	football	weather	golfer			dismal weather takes control of nec golf was supposed to be the headliner thursday at firestone country club in akron. what turned out to be the featured performer, instead, was a nasty line of weather that made golf secondary to a lot of other things.
4			network	ethernet	technology	evolution	ip	internet	networking	intel	linux			idf intel seeks role in development of the next internet to handle the demands of the next generation internet, a new layer of intelligent nodes and services needs to grow over the existing internet structure, said intel corp. chief technology officer pat gelsinger, during his concluding address at the intel developer forum thursday.
2			boxing	athletics	sport	race	golf	football	athlete	carroll	tennis			carroll added to baa field three time irish olympian mark carroll, a former providence college star, has been added to the field for tomorrow's boston athletic association half marathon.
4			battery	electricity	technology	hydrogen	energy	fuel			docomo plans fuel cell recharger ntt docomo has developed a prototype methanol fuel cell recharger for demanding mobile phones. the charger relies on a replaceable methanol cartridge and hydrogen
4			electronics	computer	electricity	technology	power	energy	hp	silicon	linux			amd to switch on better opteron power management computers with amd 's opteron processor will soon be able to take advantage of the same power management technology the company has already built into its laptop and desktop microchips.
2			baseball	basketball	athletics	sport	football	stadium	arena	attendance			arena on mu campus now just mizzou arena the university of missouri board of curators today voted unanimously to rename the former paige sports arena on the columbia campus to mizzou arena.
4			security	computer	safety	networking	privacy	technology	internet	stalking	surveillance			akamai strives for a safer, speedier net it was dark and eerily quiet in the command center of akamai technologies inc., a company whose mission of easing internet traffic jams gives it a clear view of what's happening on the internet.
1			election	politics	democrat	democracy	voting	voter	registration	turnout			democrats signing up more new voters: report democrats have far outpaced republicans in efforts to register new voters in two key us states, according to the new york times, which conducted a county by county analysis of registration data in ohio and florida.
4			electronics	ibm	computer	manufacturing	chip	technology	patent	silicon	industry			amd, ibm extend chip development deal advanced micro devices and ibm will work together to devise chip manufacturing technology for three additional years, a deal that will bring about a quarter of a billion to ibm over four years and give amd access to cutting edge chip inventions.
4			processor	computer	linux	hardware	networking	memory	intel	computing	windows			chartered to manufacture amd64 processors in 2006 amd64 is a new computing platform that extends the ubiquitous x86 architecture to accommodate 64 bit processing. formerly known as x86 64, amds enhancements to the x86 architecture allow users of laptops
3			business	account	bank	finance	loss	bankruptcy	accounting	risk	money	banking			calpine accounts questioned calpine corp. has been struggling badly ever since the enron corp. collapse in 2001 exposed the weaknesses of its power generation and trading business, but a recent study of its accounts suggests worse may still be to come.
4			electronics	battery	computer	failure	device	usb			apple warns about bad batteries apple is recalling 28,000 faulty batteries for its 15 inch powerbook g4 laptops.
4			network	ethernet	privacy	wireless	technology	internet	broadband	telecommunication	networking			telabria plans u.k.'s first wimax network while the debate rages on the economics of deploying and operating wimax networks, a u.k. start up is quietly building what it hopes will be the country's first network based on this emerging high speed broadband wireless technology.
2			coaching	baseball	statistics	espn	basketball	athletics	sport	football	athlete	washington			key events in the past 20 months in washington athletics football coach rick neuheisel denies speculation that he interviewed with the san francisco 49ers for their head coaching position, saying he never met with the nfl team.
4			hacking	software	privacy	technology	encryption	finance	money	security	linux			symantec to buy veritas for $ 13.5 billion security software maker symantec corp. has agreed to buy veritas software corp. for $ 13.5 billion, expanding into the backup and recovery software market, the companies said on thursday.
4			hacking	hacked	software	technology	corruption	fraud	terrorism	security			feds seize $ 87m in counterfeit software sting fbi officials said they have netted close to $ 87 million worth of counterfeit software and components in california, washington and texas as a result of a sting operation called operation digital marauder.
4			science	electronics	computer	human	biotechnology	technology	robot	research			applied digital shares jump on chip ok shares of applied digital solutions inc. and digital angel corp. soared wednesday morning on news the companies verichip implantable radio frequency identification microchip for humans has been cleared by
1			politics	beijing	violence	democracy	war	china	peace			china rejects chen 's insincere call for peace china 's state controlled media on monday rejected the taiwanese president 's national day call for peace talks with beijing, saying it was 'too insincere and vague to be treated seriously .
4			technology	company	innovation	research	google	money	diversity			google challenge: keeping wealthy workers as google inc. goog.o: quote, profile, research nears the end of its first quarter as a public company, industry watchers say one of its emerging challenges is
4			mobile	pc	computer	china	technology	broadband	pcs	linux			mmo2 defends cautious 3g approach mmo2 defends its decision not to join the current push to roll out third generation 3g mobile phone services, as it launches a pc plug in card for laptop users.
3			statistics	business	ceo	trend	sale	growth	profit	competition	money	earnings			earnings not so sweet for krispy kreme krispy kreme doughnuts inc. on thursday said its quarterly profit tumbled by more than half and slashed its sales growth outlook for the rest of the year, wiping 17 percent off the value of its stock.
4			battery	mobility	production	engine	technology	linux			transmeta licenses longrun 2 to fujitsu foundry partner gears up for second generation 90nm efficeons
2			coaching	hockey	homecoming	basketball	volleyball	sport	football	tennis	woman			the old school approach it was early september when northeastern women's hockey coach laura schuler climbed the steep staircase in matthews arena to her new office for the first time.
1			election	america	politics	democracy	china	race	american	money			battleground voters wrestle with us economy, security political strategists determined early on that this year's white house race would come down to a block of uncommitted or swing voters in a smattering of us states.
3			politics	business	ceo	management	takeover	money	resignation	leadership	privatization			telstra ceo out ahead of full sale australian telecommunications giant telstra is looking for a new ceo to handle its full privatization after incumbent ziggy switkowski resigned wednesday.
2			coaching	boxing	baseball	scouting	espn	basketball	robinson	sport	gambling	knicks			knicks ed: robinson fails physical new york, ny sports network the one year deal between eddie robinson and the new york knicks is off after the free agent forward failed a physical.
1			politics	violence	war	peace	terrorism	money	morale			at least someone 's winning in this war news item: the us army has threatened to partially withhold payments to halliburton due to allegations of overcharges for food, shelter and services...
4			computer	linux	hardware	software	technology	microsoft	pricing	silicon	windows			no double microsoft pricing for dual core chips dual core microprocessors won 't mean doubled software license fees, according to an announcement by microsoft and advanced micro devices inc.
4			security	hacking	privacy	technology	encryption	terrorism	networking	surveillance			aol to sell secure id tags to fight hackers america online will begin offering to sell members a security device and service that has been used to safeguard business computer networks, the world's largest internet service provider said on tuesday.
3			store	trend	sale	marketing	retailer	consumer	retail			tough quarter for circuit city news research monday said same store sales fell 4.3 in the third quarter, attributing the decline to decreased promotions as well as weaker sales of music and movie software and wireless products.
4			mobile	privacy	technology	internet	education	telecommunication	ios	phone			at launches new e mail service new york: at wireless services launches a mobile e mail and messaging device without voice service on monday, aiming to use a low price to tempt young consumers.
4			itunes	music	technology	song	industry			recording companies sign deal to sell songs over new file sharing ... three major recording companies have agreed to make their music available to be shared and sold over a new online file swapping service that aims to lure music fans away from rival
2			politics	boxing	baseball	england	soccer	sport	football	chelsea	money			thank heaven it 's saturday saturday 3pm: arsenal, chelsea and manchester united all to win, surely? if it were always so, we wouldnt bother enjoying sport and would garden or go to diy stores every saturday afternoon instead.
4			electricity	mobility	fast	technology	broadband	internet	speed			uk broadband gets speed injection a uk internet service provider is offering broadband that is sixteen times faster than average packages.
4			sci	science	nano	biotechnology	technology	mit	tech	patent	research			mass. colleges awarded grant for nanotech the state's bid for leadership in the emerging field of nanotechnology got a boost yesterday when the national science foundation awarded a $ 12.4 million five year grant to a consortium, led by northeastern university, to create an engineering center to develop tools and processes for building nanoscale devices.
4			cyber	hacking	business	privacy	technology	vulnerability	cisco	networking	security			cisco, wells fargo face new security breaches cisco systems and wells fargo found themselves this week again responding to security breaches nearly identical to ones the two companies faced only months earlier.
4			edge	application	java	technology	integration	cloud	analytics	ai			edge dynamics launches new breed of enterprise app enterprise software takes an evolutionary step forward as edge dynamics and tibco software develop software that combines elements of both erp and bi applications.
3			life	business	nothing	google	money			google stockowner for a day: a memoir if only the rest of my investments worked out this way. one week ago, i submitted a bid for google inc. stock that overestimated the eventual auction price of the computer search company's initial public offering by nearly 30 percent. but i sold my shares shortly after google stock began trading yesterday and still walked away with a nice profit, ...
3			brand	product	fashion	sale	marketing	aging	pricing	drug			profit at este lauder increases 22 the este lauder companies posted a 22 percent increase in quarterly profit yesterday as higher sales of anti wrinkle creams, hair care and cosmetic products offset weaker fragrance purchases.
4			india	connectivity	ethernet	technology	broadband	internet	ip	networking			amd digs into high growth markets with pic amd has teamed up with partners in india, mexico and the caribbean in an ambitious bid to equip half of the world 's population with internet connectivity and computing capabilities by 2015.
3			company	stock	growth	finance	profit	loss	risk	money	earnings			two big investment banks report drops in quarterly profit morgan stanley and bear stearns posted drops in quarterly profit yesterday, surprising some investors one day after two other big investment banks reported a rise in earnings.
4			processor	computer	hardware	technology	power	performance	speed	memory	intel			intel shifts course on processors intel corp. took a huge step tuesday away from its usual strategy of pushing the need for speed, announcing that it will offer microprocessors with dual cores across all product lines starting next year.
4			virus	computer	software	technology	kid	linux			two linuxes for newcomers this month i turn my attention back to linux for newbies. xandros desktop and lycoris desktop lx are two linux distributions geared toward folks who aren 't gearheads.
4			electronics	television	wireless	technology	broadband	telecommunication	tv			ti to put dvb h in single chip texas instruments have just announced they will be building a single chip that will that will allow cell phones to receive digital television broadcasts over a wireless network.
2			game	olympic	olympics	soccer	athletics	sport	football	switzerland	cycling			bid books land in lausanne as cities sweat it out five cities vying to stage the 2012 summer games reveal their hands this week as olympic chiefs scrutinize their plans for holding the world's greatest sporting extravaganza.
1			politics	election	intelligence	strategy	washington	terrorism	pentagon	security			lawmakers introduce sept. 11 legislation sept. 11 commission members thought it would be too difficult to break up the cia and rearrange the pentagon's spy agencies under a single national intelligence director, as is being proposed in the senate, the commission's vice chairman says.
1			ads	america	politics	campaign	election	iraq	kerry	strategy	advertising			kerry will begin ad blitz in seven states john kerry will begin his post labor day advertising blitz in seven states from new hampshire to new mexico, his political ground zero for a 50 million campaign scheduled to expand into another 13 states by nov. 2.
4			computer	hacking	technology	networking			so you want to be a cybercrook... web villains post do it yourself phishing kits to help any amateur become an online con artist.
3			coal	business	lumber	growth	profit	logging	georgia	industry			weyerhaeuser 3rd quarter earnings rise weyerhaeuser co.'s third quarter profit rose on higher prices for lumber and a large gain from the sale of timberlands in georgia, the company said on friday.
1			politics	violence	war	iraq	terrorism	insurgency			iraqi guard commander arrested by us military the us military announced yesterday that it had arrested a top iraqi national guard commander in tikrit, accusing him of working with the insurgency. it was the most serious publicized confirmation so far that the growing resistance movement, which us officials admitted yesterday is fanning out from bases in fallujah and baghdad, has infiltrated the top echelons of ...
4			windows	computer	hardware	software	technology	evolution	microsoft	linux			can microsoft change its dna? microsoft is in a throw it off the train state of mind these days in regard to its windows operating system features. it 's announced that longhorn will ship by 2006 but without its much ballyhooed winfs subsystem.
2			baseball	computer	game	gaming	basketball	sport	technology	football	strategy			seeking edge, hoop teams try video game simplice njoya, a university of memphis basketball forward, sat hunched over a laptop, testing an idea first studied on israeli fighter pilots. the premise: skills he picks up playing a complex computer game can make him a better ball player.
2			boxing	beijing	game	olympics	china	city	sport	football	cycling			beijing ahead of games for '08 the countdown clock for 2008 will be installed in tiananmen square next month. not that beijing has been lollygagging since the lords of the rings awarded the summer games to the city three years ago. beijing is bristling with cranes and steamshovels and jackhammers providing a staccato beat, with 30 sports venues in various stages of construction, including ...
2			baseball	yankee	sport	football	money			bombers can 't leave wells enough alone funny how one red sox championship seems to have changed everything in baseball 's world order. suddenly the yankees seem to be chasing their hated rivals in the offseason now too, after all those
2			athens	olympics	athletics	sport	football	greece	athlete	swimming			greek heroes quit games athens all of greece expected to see costas kenteris crowning its games with a laurel wreath on his brow, his barrel chest swelling in his blue and white athletic singlet, atop the podium in the olympic stadium after successfully defending his 200 meter ...
4			industry	india	software	technology	company	ibm	security	linux			infosys cashes in on outsourcing indian software group infosys turns in a 50 jump in profits as more companies hire it to run their technical support services.
4			sci	computer	linux	europe	technology	ibm	computing	industry			ibm bladecenter and power microprocessor fuel europe 's most ... the supercomputer was built as a result of an agreement between ibm and the spanish government and will be available for a wide range of high level scientific research and for applications in several industrial sectors.
4			grid	network	mobility	collaboration	technology	infrastructure	computing	linux			it heavyweights form grid computing alliance dell, emc, intel and oracle have sealed an alliance to develop grid computing technology. the move is an effort to develop a standard approach to building and deploying enterprise grid computing infrastructures.
2			success	history	baseball	life	sport	football	money			one man 's opinion cal review in football, just as in many other aspects of life, it is the bottom line that counts. in that respect, this game was a huge success.
2			coaching	baseball	espn	michigan	basketball	football	coach	maryland			wvu gets first win over terps for coach rod in one of the most exciting endings ever witnessed in morgantown, the west virginia mountaineers were finally able to take out that pesky band of terrapins from the university of maryland, winning 19 13 in an overtime thriller at milan puskar stadium.
2			coaching	sport	packer	nfl	football			sherman 's talk propels packers over lions brett favre and darren sharper have forgotten more motivational speeches than they can remember. if the green bay packers bounce back this season from their
4			windows	failure	computer	software	technology	system	security	linux			windows xp sp2 help certainly you know by now that windows xp service pack 2 sp2 has been released. as anticipated, some systems have had problems after installation of the new service pack. but many people report that their installations have been successful and without ...
4			computer	hacking	privacy	technology	stalking	email	security			beware of bots bearing messages next time a stranger sends you an instant message, don't be sure there's a real person behind the exchange. you may be conversing with chatting aim bot, a free service for pranksters that spews out computer generated conversation. by daniel terdiman.
4			chip	hardware	intel	technology	performance	apple	memory	silicon	linux			intel revenue up 5 percent the traditional third quarter bump is light for the chipmaker, as lower than expected pc sales offset flash memory gains.
3			trend	speculation	investing	company	option	stock	growth	corporation	money			stocks seen higher as oil holds below $ 52 u.s. stocks looked to open higher on wednesday, as mcdonald's corp. said third quarter earnings rose sharply, while quarterly reports from intel corp. and yahoo inc. pleased wall street and lifted technology shares.
2			coaching	racing	sport	golf	car	performance	coach	cycling			coach earnings surge 60 percent coach inc. on tuesday posted a higher than expected quarterly profit and forecast a robust holiday season for sales of its luxury handbags and accessories, sending its shares up as much as 8 percent.
3			job	business	recession	unemployment	economics	company	money	employment	education	industry			job cuts ease in october: report us planned job cuts eased in october but remained above the 100,000 level for the second month in row, a report said tuesday. employment consulting firm challenger, gray christmas inc.
4			computer	hacking	democracy	privacy	technology	internet	networking	email			edward c. baig: personal tech net calling service skype: simple, free, not perfect voip, or voice over internet protocol, may be geek speak for calls routed through cyberspace. but for many consumers, voip translates into ever cheaper and sometimes feature rich telephone alternatives. consider the skype service i've been testing. it lets members talk free from one computer to another.
1			politics	history	money	everything			pushing artest to tune in on the court, not just off it jermaine o'neal was sick and tired of talking about it: ron artest, the hip hop record, the three day distraction that exploded into a tragicomic controversy.
3			thursday	business	revenue	profit	finance	research	cancer	money			imclone posts profit on erbitux sales imclone systems inc. imcl.o: quote, profile, research on thursday posted its third successive quarterly profit helped by strong sales of its new colon cancer drug erbitux.
4			business	connectivity	technology	cisco	growth	strategy	networking	money	security			current woes aside, cisco getting ready for new growth run networking giant cisco systems may be in short term pain. but it's looking past that to long term gain.
4			windows	gaming	hardware	software	technology	nokia	microsoft	security	linux			media centre on the march the arrival of microsoft 's windows xp media centre on october 13 will be not so much a launch as a co ordinated assault. a brigade of vendors, including hewlett packard, toshiba, acer, creative labs, iriver
4			id	computer	hacking	privacy	technology	security			gartner analysts talk about the security companies don't need it managers need to implement systems that work correctly in the first place, rather than spending time and money to fix problems after the fact, according to victor wheatman, vice president and research area director at gartner inc.
1			politics	election	divide	splitting	split	iraq	conflict			split could cost iraqi shiites politically as iraq's sunni muslims ponder boycotting the jan. 30 election and some press for a delay, the majority shiite muslims face another threat to their expected victory: a split in shiite ranks that could cost them the chance to dominate the next parliament.
3			business	ceo	trend	sale	stock	growth	profit	competition	money			krispy kreme profit drops, stock hammered krispy kreme doughnuts inc. on thursday reported a sharp drop in quarterly profit and signaled that business may not recover any time soon, sending its shares down more than 17 percent in pre market trading.
4			electronics	computer	printer	manufacturing	laser	technology	patent	printing			lexmark recalls laser printers lexmark is recalling 39,400 laser printers because of a potential short circuit that could create an electric shock hazard. the printers, priced at about $ 200, were sold under the lexmark, ibm and dell brand names starting in may 2004.
4			science	computer	technology	robot	nasa	money	space			summary box: saving hubble will be costly outlook for hubble: the newest report on a plan to save the popular, aging space telescope by repairing it with a robot says it would cost 2 billion and have just a 50 50 chance of working.
2			ads	game	olympics	espn	athletics	sport	athlete	advertising	commercial			ads, not just athletes, were in olympics spotlight during the 1,210 hours of olympics coverage across the nbc universal networks, audiences were exposed to 13,000 to 14,000 commercials.
4			network	ethernet	wireless	technology	internet	broadband	telecommunication			wi fi brings broadband to rural washington technologies that extend the range of wi fi wireless lans are making that low priced technology an option for broadband internet access in u.s. rural areas with limited broadband options.
2			coaching	baseball	florida	retirement	espn	volleyball	sport	basketball	football	player			ncaa case no worry for spurrier shortly after steve spurrier arrived at florida in 1990, the gators were placed on ncaa probation for a year stemming from a child support payment former coach galen hall made for a player.
3			sport	company	profit	fashion	money	polo	industry			polo ralph lauren 2q profit increases clothing maker polo ralph lauren corp. on wednesday said its second quarter profit jumped 49 percent. quarterly net income was $ 80.
4			computer	pc	device	hardware	pcs	technology	ibm	gateway	silicon	windows			gateway's pcs, notebooks available at microcenter pc maker gateway inc. said on sunday its new line of notebooks, desktop personal computers and monitors aimed at retail markets will be available at micro center's 20 stores in the united states.
4			legacy	history	pioneer	technology	evolution	frontier	root	patent	industry			wireless pioneer reflects on roots, looks to wimax craig mccaw discusses cingular's acquisition of at&t wireless and looks toward his new wimax venture.
1			politics	election	president	washington	change	money			president to consider changes for new term president bush said yesterday that he will spend the weekend considering changes in his cabinet for his second term, feeding speculation inside and outside the white house over shake ups in key agencies in coming weeks.
4			computer	intel	technology	power	networking	memory	silicon	computing	linux			freescale unveils dual core processor architecture how about an embedded processor that 's designed to deliver a quantum leap in performance and system bandwidth while keeping power in check?
4			mobile	mobility	technology	nokia	smartphone	japan	telecommunication	phone			japan's mobile operators target elderly mobile phones have become a must have item for every high powered japanese businessman, multi tasking mum and self respecting teenager. even schoolchildren often carry a mobile phone to call home on their way back from late night cram school.
3			business	manufacturing	production	software	automation	factory	productivity	industry			sap spiffs up small business programs the software maker releases an upgraded version of its small business management applications with new features for coordinating factory work.
3			business	marketing	growth	profit	competition	money			woolies in top shelf profit woolworths yesterday hit back at rejuvenated competitor coles myer with a 13 per cent jump in full year net profit and a belief it can replicate the performance in the coming year.
4			cable	wired	network	privacy	technology	broadband	internet	communication	telecommunication			verizon to build new fiber optic network verizon announced thursday it is digging up streets and stringing wire in six states, including maryland and virginia, to deliver high speed internet service and cable style television to customers.
4			job	computer	employee	programming	software	microsoft	technology	productivity	industry			software firm to cut 800 jobs computer associates will cut 800 jobs, the software maker said yesterday, reducing its workforce 5 percent in its biggest cost cutting effort since 2001 amid slack demand and falling prices for software and services.
4			politics	computer	business	democracy	technology	microsoft	innovation	money			microsoft corp. 2.0: a kinder corporate culture even a genius can mess up. bill gates was a brilliant technologist when he cofounded microsoft , but as he guided it to greatness in both size and historical consequence, he blundered. he terrorized underlings with his temper and parceled out praise like scrooge gave to charity. only the lash inspired the necessary aggressiveness to beat the competition, he thought.
4			hacking	privacy	technology	hacker	fraud	security			us website offers caller id falsification service overdue debtors beware: you may not be able to rely on caller id to screen out those annoying bill collectors much longer. a california entrepreneur has a plan to bring the hacker technique of caller id spoofing
4			network	traffic	technology	content	analytics	google			aol signs up for omniture traffic tool the three year, $ 15 million deal is for omniture's sitecatalyst traffic analysis service.
4			mobile	mobility	india	technology	nokia	telecommunication			vodafone launches 3g in uk vodafone, the world 's largest mobile phone operator, today finally launched its third generation 3g services as it seeks to recoup 16.
3			industry	business	ceo	email	company	oracle	performance	ibm	employment	reliability			oracle exceeds august quarter earnings forecasts new york, september 15 new ratings oracle corporation reported its 1q fy05 earnings ahead of expectations, despite a 36 year over year decline in the company 's enterprise application software sales during the quarter.
1			politics	election	voting			fla. voters to begin casting early ballots election day is still two weeks away, but voters across the state have the option monday of beginning to cast their ballots early in this pivotal battleground state...
4			computer	technology	microsoft	system	networking	ibm	security	linux			leading vendors back competing systems management specifications the ws management spec is part of the effort to improve sun microsoft system interoperability. but ibm is taking a different road.
4			mobile	wired	network	connectivity	ethernet	broadband	technology	wireless	networking			is us wireless industry catching up on 3g? san franciscowireless software developers and content producers attending the ctia wireless show here say the united states is on the verge of catching up with europe and japan in the deployment of the latest wireless technology and content.
4			business	standard	technology	platform	security	industry			trusted mobile platform launches early stage specifications ibm nyse: ibm , intel and ntt docomo nyse: dcm have proposed a new industry platform to guide the development of security technologies in both software and hardware for wireless mobile devices. the companies are part of new group pushing the trusted mobile platform.
2			coaching	controversy	injury	australia	rugby	sport	football			nz coach launches pre game tirade new zealand coach john bracewell did his best yesterday to create a siege mentality for the chappell hadlee trophy decider in brisbane today by accusing the media and the gabba curator of skulduggery.
4			wired	network	technology	broadband	wireless	communication	networking	email			wireless companies chat up teens, young adults the wireless industry, not content with getting corporate executives addicted to e mail on the go, is setting its sights on the instant messaging generation.
1			politics	election	democracy	voting	race	polling	corruption	candidate	uncertainty			business leaders see election affecting offshoring in meta group study, nearly half of managers surveyed predict offshore outsourcing will decline if kerry elected.
4			mobile	network	privacy	technology	broadband	internet	wireless	networking	google			mobiles track down wi fi hotspots fans of wireless internet access can now find their nearest wi fi hotspot using their mobile phone.
3			job	life	business	retirement	veteran	aging	bankruptcy	money			out with the old at eds electronic data systems' early retirement plan aims to save hundreds of millions of dollars, but saying goodbye to veteran employees could be hard on the firm.
1			election	politics	democrat	gov	pr	republican			senior house republican in re election war having served 17 terms, illinois rep. phil crane is the most senior republican in the house. his quest for an 18th is proving difficult and has party strategists scrambling to fend off a challenge from democrat melissa bean.
4			science	electronics	statistics	safety	technology	car	automation	robot	testing			electronic back seat driver system to be tested australian scientists have invented an electronic driver 's assistant system, similar to the back seat driver who forever points out road signs and warns against speeding.
1			election	politics	democracy	kerry	strategy	debate	mccain			bush, kerry set for 'town hall' debate democratic candidate john kerry will likely try to shed any appearance of aloofness and president bush will probably avoid the grimacing that marked their previous face to face encounter when they answer questions from undecided voters friday night...
3			business	technology	communication	telecommunication	growth	networking	competition	consolidation	merger			the three kings of wireless one way or the other, the u.s. wireless phone industry is headed for further consolidation. reports yesterday that nextel and sprint are in merger talks had wall street swooning and consumer advocates worrying.
2			baseball	ticket	statistics	game	sport	bowl	football	money			buying bowl tickets is a game in itself tickets to your favorite bowl game are readily available, for a price.
2			baseball	expansion	team	athletics	sport	football	playoff	division	franchise			salt lake gets expansion team; divisions realigned for 2005 the arena football league board of directors approved salt lake city 's expansion bid on monday and realigned divisions for 2005 after dropping three teams.
4			mobile	device	technology	nokia	smartphone	wireless	blackberry	phone			rim introduces breakthrough keyboard technology for smaller ... the new keyboard technology from research in motion has garnered early praise for its ingenuity and effectiveness. the blackberry 7100 tm series handsets are the first wireless devices with
4			technology	storage	patent	availability	consolidation	security	linux			storagetek scoops up storability for ilm portfolio storage technology corp. storagetek acquired storability inc. on thursday for an undisclosed sum in an attempt to boost the storage management and monitoring software delivery capabilities of its ilm information lifecycle management portfolio.
3			income	business	recovery	revenue	growth	fraud	profit	loss	money			brinker international reports first quarter income drop dallas brinker international today says its first quarter profit fell by more than half from a year earlier. that 's despite increased revenues as charges and higher expenses hurt results.
4			computer	intelligence	intel	technology	innovation	hp	silicon	security	linux			intel bullish on technology direction at fall analysts meeting sounding anything other than a company that has had its share of missteps in recent months, outgoing intel chief executive craig barrett expressed confidence and even a bit of cockiness at the company 's fall analysts conference in new york
2			baseball	espn	basketball	athletics	sport	boston	golf	football	money			sports depot makes a strategic play anticipating harvard university's expansion in allston, the owner of the sports depot pub style restaurant last week bought longtime neighbor able rug's real estate a 19th century slap dash warehouse style building and a parking lot for $ 1.25 million.
1			politics	election	democracy	polling	poll	iran	immigration	iraq	afghanistan			iraqi politician calls for elections delay iraqi politician adnan pachachi has called for a six month delay before elections originally scheduled for 30 january. citing the tense security situation and the need to ensure thet greatest number of iraqis
4			application	linux	software	privacy	technology	internet	security	windows			software maker launches remote access tools among new products from 3am labs is a free tool for accessing a pc via any device with a browser.
4			ibm	application	technology	telecommunication	patent	security	industry			ibm broadens suite of rfid services ibm tuesday will announce an expansion of its services for companies seeking help with radio frequency identification technology. over the past several months, ibm has developed rfid services
4			network	connectivity	ethernet	mobility	usb	technology	wireless	networking	linux			wi fi access point squeezed onto single chip wireless chipset manufacturer atheros announced on wednesday that it has managed to fit the full functionality of a high speed wireless access point onto a single processor.
2			politics	history	sport	football	texas	money			players, teams ready to emerge all cedric benson did three weeks ago was be honest. texas star senior running back said he would like to win the heisman trophy, maybe more than he d like to beat second ranked oklahoma on saturday.
2			boxing	baseball	retirement	sport	gambling	money	boxer			boxers on opposite paths las vegas bernard hopkins future seems certain, full of big fights and bigger paydays. the future is less clear for oscar de la hoya.
4			industry	computer	technology	japan	machine	ibm	computing	linux			ibm says its supercomputer is world 's fastest international business machines corp. on wednesday said it has developed the world 's fastest computer, putting it back on top after a japanese supercomputer claimed the title some two years ago.
4			dos	computer	linux	hardware	software	microsoft	computing	windows			anything but microsoft retail store pushes linux, open source the linux and open source software movement has an ambitious retail store, and it is offering a low cost, lightweight laptop that is devoid of microsoft software.
4			dell	computer	manufacturing	hardware	software	technology	hp	networking	linux			record results for dell in third quarter dell continued to outpace the rest of the it industry in the company 's third quarter with sizzling growth in shipments, revenue, and net income adding up to the best quarter yet for the hardware supplier.
2			baseball	history	statistics	life	espn	basketball	sport	football	competition	byu			underdog y. shows signs of life despite narrow loss only six years ago, all of this was unimaginable. brigham young, playing football at boise state as a three touchdown underdog. the broncos, ranked in the top 25 with ambitions of going unbeaten.
1			politics	controversy	hacking	democracy	sport	terrorism	assassination			jfk assassination game stirs up controversy a pc game produced by scottish firm traffic games has come under fire from the family of former us president john f kennedy for allowing gamers to play through his assassination as sniper lee harvey oswald.
4			computer	hacking	privacy	hacker	technology	vulnerability	tech	terrorism	security			security expert warns computer hackers keeping up with technology computer hackers are keeping up with the times and are putting an increasingly technology dependent world at risk, the chairman of leading us based it security firm mcafee said.
4			manufacturing	china	technology	performance	finance	innovation	patent	industry			taiwan's umc sees higher profit on strong demand united microelectronics corp. umc , the world's second largest contract chip maker, announced wednesday that strong demand and higher capacity helped its net income for the third quarter more than double from the same period a year ago.
4			application	java	software	microsoft	technology	hp	windows			ibm, borland and microsoft boost developers ability to ... microsoft, ibm and borland are upgrading their software and offering users new workflow features, support for multiple languages and tools to manage the lifecycle of in house applications.
4			device	network	wireless	technology	nokia	telecommunication	networking	phone	linux			nokia 9500 communicator receives wi fi certification the nokia 9500 communicator has been granted the ieee 802 11b and wpa wireless protected access certifications by the wi fi alliance.
4			id	electronics	device	gaming	palm	technology	innovation	silicon			palmone 's next moves more than most people, ed colligan is well acquainted with the ups and downs that punctuate the handheld device market. along with jeff hawkins and donna dubinsky, colligan was part of the troika that left palm to found rival handspring.
2			coaching	baseball	schedule	espn	basketball	sport	ball	recruiting	football	scheduling			report: holtz to quit; spurrier to take over stephen orr spurrier may become the new ball coach at south carolina, a southeastern conference rival that immediately would leapfrog the seminoles and bulldogs as the opponent to bookmark on future schedules.
4			mobile	network	technology	wireless	telecommunication	finance	competition	money			cingular closes $ 41 bln att wireless deal cingular wireless on tuesday closed its $ 41 billion cash purchase of at t wireless services inc. , creating the biggest u.s. mobile telecom service with more than 46 million customers.
2			baseball	statistics	television	espn	replay	sport	football	player	play			replay in play baseball will put instant replay on the agenda for thursday at the gm meetings and there seems to be growing support among teams.
2			coaching	baseball	statistics	espn	basketball	sport	recruiting	football	coach			no. 9 unc routs elon 86 40 in opener ivory latta scored 17 points to lead no. 9 north carolina to an 86 40 victory over elon in the season opener for both teams friday night.
2			baseball	statistics	homecoming	espn	volleyball	athletics	sport	basketball	football			football game notes: duke vs. virginia, 10 21 04, 1 pm the blue devils entertain 14th ranked virginia this week to highlight parents and family weekend on the duke campus ... kickoff is set for 1 pm ... the blue devils stand at 1 5 on the year after dropping a
2			coaching	baseball	statistics	espn	basketball	athletics	sport	football	washington			ncaa clears neuheisel, reprimands washington the ncaa on wednesday cleared former washington football coach rick neuheisel of wrongdoing related to his gambling on basketball games, but reprimanded the university for failing to monitor the football program.
1			election	politics	democracy	voting	polling	poll	corruption	fraud	counting			election commission stops vote count as opposition protests ukraine 's central election commission has suspended vote counting from the 31 october presidential election. the opposition says that 's because a complete count would reveal that its leader, viktor yushchenko
4			computer	application	linux	technology	storage	system	networking	ibm	server			ibm adds four way 550 server to new i5 product line ibm corp. bolstered the new eserver i5 server lineup with the i5 550, a new system based on the power 5 chip that can run multiple operating systems.
3			computer	revenue	technology	profit	finance	productivity	money	industry			quanta announces 7.2 drop in profit quanta computer inc., the world 's biggest notebook computer maker, reported an unexpected 7.2 percent decline in second quarter profit.
4			virus	computer	hacking	software	privacy	technology	email	security			mcafee launches managed e mail service mcafee inc. says that a new managed e mail service will help small businesses handle the deluge of spam and viruses pounding their networks.
2			boxing	statistics	soccer	club	sport	football	finance	chelsea	money			chelsea closing on premiership title if money can indeed buy happiness, then chelsea may celebrate its first league title since 1955 when the premiership season ends next may.
1			politics	citizenship	election	democracy	voting	immigration	migration	electoral	registration			mozambicans prepare to go to polls mozambicans go to the polls this morning to vote in both presidential and parliamentary elections. the country 's electoral commission says half of the country 's estimated 18 million people have been registered
2			doping	athletics	race	sport	cyclist	cycling			rogers wins time trial at road cycling worlds australia 's michael rogers won the elite division time trial wednesday at the road cycling world championships, defending the title he was awarded earlier this month after 2003 winner david millar of britain was stripped of his gold medal for doping.
2			boxing	baseball	espn	basketball	sport	management	football	entertainment	tennis	talent			forstmann little to buy sports, talent agency img international management group, a sports and celebrity management and marketing firm that has represented tiger woods, joe montana, and derek jeter, is being sold to a new york buyout specialist firm in a cash deal valued at more than $ 700 million.
4			job	computer	motorola	manufacturing	technology	semiconductor	innovation	patent	silicon	industry			motorola cutting 1,000 jobs motorola inc. announced tuesday plans to cut 1,000 jobs worldwide and take a charge of $ 50 million for severance benefits. the job cuts are part of a restructuring resulting from the spin off of its semiconductor division into freescale semiconductor.
1			politics	election	war	voting	immigration	money	education			house gop seeks to quash draft rumor house republicans sought tuesday to quash an undying internet rumor that the government will reinstate a military draft after the election, hoping with a vote to kill legislation that would do it, and the rumor as well. the specter of a wartime military draft like that of the vietnam era has lingered around the presidential campaign for the past few weeks, fueled by an e mail driven rumor mill and a campaign by rock the vote, a nonpartisan group that seeks to boost voting among young people...
4			computer	linux	software	privacy	technology	system	reliability	computing	server			customers win in database vendors' race to linux opinion: linux is profoundly shaking up the database market, hopefully to customers' benefit.
3			business	investor	investing	technology	wireless	stock	finance	money			research in motion ends bumpy week the roller coaster ride continues for investors in research in motion rimm:nasdaq news research . the wireless company 's stock fell nearly 12 on friday to $ 77.
4			computer	intelligence	privacy	technology	ip	patent	intel	security	linux			judge rejects amd plea for confidential intel documents a san jose, california, judge ruled monday that advanced micro devices inc. amd is not entitled to trial documents that the company says might help it prove its european commission antitrust complaint against intel corp.
4			handheld	electronics	computer	battery	device	usb	privacy	nokia	technology	computing			just too cool: handhelds pda can store data handheld computer maker palmone inc. unveiled a personal digital assistant monday that doubles as a portable data storage drive. the tungsten t5 handheld has 256 megabytes of built in flash memory, of which 215 mb will be available to the user.
4			computing	data	technology	storage	archive	ibm	space			notebooks store more: hitachi releases 100 gigabyte notebook hard ... hitachi global storage technologies was founded in 2003 as a result of the strategic combination of hitachis and ibms storage technology businesses.
3			business	manufacturing	technology	marketing	growth	bankruptcy	competition	consolidation	industry			higher sales boost boise cascade profits stronger paper and wood product prices and higher office supply sales offset some losses from the hurricanes in the southeast to more than double third quarter profits for boise cascade corp.
4			windows	application	hardware	software	privacy	technology	microsoft	security	linux			microsoft trims next windows server release executives with the redmond software vendor vow they will deliver the 'r2' windows server release in 2005. but to do so, they are pushing back some features.
2			boxing	baseball	sport	football	pitching	pitcher	money			astros jeff kent seizes the spotlight with game winning shot jeff kent threw his bat to the side and pumped his right fist as soon as the ball took flight, certain he was going to make a long awaited trot around the bases.
4			industry	order	manufacturing	production	price	sale	technology	manufacturer	finance	reliability			confidence slips in the service sector rising oil prices and interest rates have hit confidence in service firms, but manufacturers have recorded their best spell of orders for nine years, two new surveys show today.
4			computing	linux	hardware	unix	software	technology	hp	security	windows			novell releases updated suse linux the company unveils suse linux professional 9.2, which features wireless networking support, at linuxworld expo in london, and says it will deliver its desktop linux software by the end of the year. also, hp's head of linux says advances in security and high performance computing are pushing linux into new realms.
4			electronics	radio	application	radar	wireless	technology	telecommunication	seo			sap, infineon team up to accelerate rfid deployment cycles infineon technologies ag today will launch a radio frequency identification package designed to help companies more easily connect and manage rfid hardware and software from multiple suppliers
3			business	acquisition	takeover	bankruptcy	competition			cingular set to complete takeover with one federal approval received yesterday and another coming as soon as today, cingular wireless is finally poised to complete its $ 41 billion takeover of at wireless services inc.
4			business	entrepreneur	technology	tech	innovation	education	leadership			tomorrow 's entrepreneurs at univ. of n.carolina list the university of north carolina is the best us collegiate breeding ground for budding entrepreneurs, according to rankings published by forbes magazine on friday.
4			technology	broadband	ip	internet	telecommunication	email			sbc to offer voip service by staff and wire reports . in a move to stave off competitors, sbc communications inc. will offer residential voice over internet service in early 2005.
4			electronics	chip	hardware	usb	performance	memory	silicon	intel	linux			playstation portable chip details boarder8925 writes the register posted an article today that detailed the playstation portable 's chip specs. the cpu will run at up to 333mhz, and its frontside bus at up to 166mhz.
4			technology	growth	innovation	health	money	dent			dentsply is more than a mouthful dental supply company increases cash dividend by 14 amid torrid growth.
4			computer	hacking	network	privacy	technology	encryption	quantum	networking	security			super secure quantum network warns of data danger it's a hacker's nightmare but a dream for bankers and spies: a computer network so secure that even the simplest attempts to eavesdrop will interrupt the flow of data and alert administrators to the snooping.
2			baseball	statistics	basketball	soccer	sport	football	brazil	footballer	tennis			soccer: player dies in brazilian league game serginho, a 30 year old defender with so caetano, collapsed and died of what appeared to be a heart attack during a brazilian league match on wednesday night.
3			investing	company	growth	profit	google	money	earnings			google doubles profits google 's first quarterly earnings statement since its recent ipo rewarded investors with the news that the company has doubled its profits in the past year.
4			statistics	data	china	manufacturing	technology	economics	tech	japan	industry			nikkei slips 0.8 pct on data japan's nikkei average fell around 0.8 percent by mid afternoon on tuesday after industrial output data sapped investor appetite for tech issues and profit taking hit recent gainers such as nippon steel corp.
4			computer	business	privacy	technology	money	phone	number			who 's calling? it might not be who you think it is a start up began offering a technology wednesday that can spoof a caller id number, potentially opening the door to telemarketing calls that seem to be coming from a relative or a different company.
4			network	connectivity	ethernet	privacy	technology	wireless	cisco	networking	security			cisco expands wlan line, teams up with airdefense cisco systems has announced a pair of wireless access points that offer dual band connectivity and said its line of wireless networking products is being integrated with intrusion detection software from airdefense.
4			mobile	network	privacy	technology	broadband	telecom	wireless	telecommunication	carrier	phone			wireless plan irks telecom giants a tiny pennsylvania telecommunications company is raising the hackles of giants verizon wireless and cingular wireless llc, offering consumers unlimited cellphone calls for a $ 10 monthly premium by exploiting the carriers' unlimited mobile to mobile calling plans.
2			baseball	team	conference	sport	nfl	football	playoff	division	win			disparity is growing between conferences the n.f.c. has only one presumed heavyweight, the philadelphia eagles. by contrast, 10 victories in the a.f.c. might not be enough for some teams to reach the playoffs.
1			politics	election	turmoil	democracy	chaos	crisis	corruption	instability	conflict	unrest			turmoil clouds eu constitution ceremony incoming european commission president jose manuel barroso on thursday sought to ease conflict over his proposed executive team, as the turmoil threatened to cloud solemn ceremonies for the signing of the european union's proposed constitution.
4			housing	computer	software	privacy	microsoft	technology	architecture	home	windows			microsoft opens windows to the home bill gates unveils plans to make media center software the centerpiece of the digital home.
4			java	hardware	usb	technology	nokia	networking	intel	linux			nec develops multicore cell phone processor demo shows the chip running a java applet, a browser and displaying some video at the same time.
4			flash	device	chip	usb	storage	technology	performance	networking	memory	silicon			amd fleshes out flash plans the chipmaker plans to release the ornand family of flash memory chips in 2005, which could lead to expansion into wider markets.
3			share	ceo	speculation	shareholder	option	company	stock	finance	money			cazenove shareholders to meet as company weighs possible offers cazenove group plc, britain 's oldest independent stockbroker, will hold its annual shareholder meeting tuesday after the financial times reported it 's weighing offers from two us banks.
4			wired	wireless	technology	internet	broadband	innovation	networking	intel	linux			wimax: latest trend, or hype? san francisco: at virtually every turn, intel corp executives are heaping praise on an emerging, long range wireless technology known as wimax, which can blanket entire cities with high speed internet access.
4			electronics	geek	computer	gaming	privacy	technology	tech	computing	linux			geektech: picking your perfect pci express pc intel based pcs are shipping now and amd systems with the technology are on the way.
3			business	software	technology	microsoft	company	finance	industry			microsoft shows small business software new navision 4.0 application includes financial, e commerce, and crm tools.
1			politics	democracy	censorship	bias	pr	speech			melvyn bragg: political misadventures of a peer and polymath it was to plug one of his many books that melvyn bragg was in the itv building this week when he encountered an old chum who asked him to go on air to do a political interview while he was there.
4			electronics	device	network	connectivity	ethernet	usb	technology	wireless	networking	patent			fcc certifies freescale ultrawideband technology freescale semiconductor starts shipping its xs110 chip, which will help consumers to connect devices wirelessly.
4			mobile	australia	network	technology	broadband	telecom	telecommunication			optus and vodafone to share 3g network optus and vodafone have moved to counter telstra's head start in third generation mobile services, agreeing on thursday to build a rival second 3g network in australia.
3			management	marketing	football	strategy	money			why mego had to go gary megson dug himself into one almighty hole by announcing his decision to leave at the end of the season, it 's a strategy that never works whether it comes from the manager himself or the boardroom.
2			coaching	baseball	espn	volleyball	basketball	sport	recruiting	football	ap			hoosiers like their shooting guard point guard raymond felton of north carolina no. 3 espn usa today, no. 4 ap has been suspended one game for playing in an uncertified summer league game, the school announced friday night.
4			acquisition	network	ethernet	privacy	technology	cisco	networking	patent	security			cisco adds to nac framework with acquisition cisco systems inc is to buy perfigo inc for $ 74 million, adding an endpoint security policy enforcement system aimed at small and medium sized organizations to the developing portfolio of products under its network admission control program.
4			hacking	intelligence	privacy	technology	information	terrorism	espionage	security			tech groups praise parts of intelligence bill technology trade groups cheered parts of a comprehensive intelligence reform bill passed by congress yesterday, but said the government's chief cybersecurity official should have a more prominent position.
4			internet	technology	privacy	phone			let 's talk about voip are we ever sick of talking on the phone. sorry, mom! after trying out six voip services on both cable and dsl lines, on workdays and weekends, while surfing the web or staring at the
3			income	trend	production	sale	marketing	growth	profit	spirit	earnings	industry			allied domecq sees earnings growing allied domecq, the world 's second biggest spirits company, says its annual earnings will show growth, led by a strong performance of its top spirit brands.
4			electronics	computer	business	manufacturing	software	technology	networking	ibm	linux			ibm, intel open up their blades computer, chip maker will license much of the technology behind their compact servers for free. new york reuters international business machines corp.
2			coaching	espn	basketball	sport	boston	football	coach	nba	money			rivers installs just play basketball' system when asked to describe the boston offense under new coach doc rivers, the players often reply that they have to just play basketball.
1			election	politics	history	democracy	voting	strategy	money			voting along party lines election time is an apt occasion for reflecting on what politicians refer to as your core values, and i hope to make that phrase meaningful for perhaps the first time. four years turns out to be a pretty good cycle for such examinations, even beyond the political realm.
2			baseball	television	nbc	espn	basketball	sport	cbs	football	abc	tv			denis doyle getty images 1. abc and the nfl are still wiping the egg of their face for the racy lead in to monday night football in which desperate housewives co star nicollette sheridan dropped her towel and jumped into the arms of eagles wideout terrell owens.
4			windows	improvement	hardware	software	update	technology	microsoft	change	security	linux			microsoft revamps its plans for longhorn update in order to get the next update of its windows operating system out the door, microsoft will delay some of the key improvements that had been planned.
1			politics	election	bribery	democracy	cheating	transparency	corruption	fraud	irregularities			venezuela finds no fraud in election venezuela 's electoral authorities said saturday an audit of the vote on president hugo chavez 's rule found no proof of fraud.
3			revenue	sale	tax	growth	profit	risk	money	earnings			flat revenue strangles coke profit coca cola ko reported a 24 drop in third quarter profit on flat revenue, but beat analysts reduced expectations that were issued after the beverage giant 's previous warnings.
4			pc	computer	linux	business	privacy	technology	car	pcs	windows			idc raises '04 pc growth view, trims '05 shipments of personal computers this year will be higher than previously anticipated, boosted by the strongest demand from businesses in five years, research firm idc said on monday.
4			data	software	technology	storage	migration	networking	analytics	security	linux			offers free data migration the vendor is offering free data migration to and siebel customers and a 1 gigabyte storage upgrade for paying customers.
4			developer	application	graphic	programming	software	microsoft	tool	design	windows			microsoft previews vision of software factories the tools are aimed at giving developers succinct representations of various web applications, using detailed graphics that represent software components and helping developers to build better
4			application	technology	marketing	push	patent	blackberry	research	seo			peoplesoft, rim partner to deliver sales application research in motion rim , the company that first pushed e mail over wireless, is teaming up with peoplesoft to offer corporate users peoplesoft enterprise sales for blackberry, a sales application with similar push technology.
1			election	politics	democrat	democracy	voting	race	candidate	leadership			democratic party searches for leader again democrats may be experiencing a sense of deja vu as they again search for a leader in a crowded field of candidates with no clear favorite to win. a year ago, the hopefuls were vying for president. now, a new crop is running to lead the democratic national committee.
4			computer	technology	acceleration	performance	optimization	ibm	speed	computing	linux			ibm supercomputer claims new record in september, ibm announced that the blue gene l prototype had sustained speeds of 36 trillion calculations per second. last week, nasa announced that a system built by silicon graphics had topped that by sustaining 42 trillion calculations per second.
2			coaching	baseball	scouting	college	basketball	illinois	sport	recruiting	football			zook receives warm welcome to illinois ron zook was asked tuesday how soon he planned to get the recruiting process underway in his new job as university of illinois football coach.
4			electronics	computer	healthcare	technology	hp	patent	reliability	linux			hp picks up $ 55m 7 eleven contract hewlett packard said on friday that it has won a $ 55m, five year contract from retailer 7 eleven to upgrade the technology at the convenience store chain in the us.
4			chip	memory	hardware	intel	technology	ai	silicon	security	linux			intel pledges to bring itanic down to xeon price point em64t a stand in until the real anti amd64 kit arrives
3			trading	trend	price	company	stock	market	future	money	security			stocks: us data send wall street a mixed message new york stocks edged into positive territory in turbulent trading on monday as pre election jitters kept the markets off balance and investors weighed a mix of us economic data.
3			income	revenue	growth	profit	finance	loss	money	earnings			american express reports profit increase american express co., the consumer finance and travel company, said monday that its profit rose 14 percent in the third quarter to 879 million, or 69 cents a share. that was in line with analysts' estimates.
4			electronics	computer	chip	intel	technology	energy	semiconductor	silicon			intel preparing for next 20 years of chip making intel drew the curtain friday on some of its future research projects to continue making transistors smaller, faster, and less power hungry out as far as 2020.
2			baseball	history	war	basketball	sport	football	competition			dream team loses again, but still advances the u.s. men's basketball team endured another brutal loss...
2			coaching	politics	baseball	history	florida	basketball	sport	football	georgia			loss to mississippi st. is death knell for zook mississippi state 's victory over 20th ranked florida easily the biggest upset of the 2004 season signaled the beginning of a bright future for first year bulldogs coach sylvester croom and the beginning of the end for third year gators head man ron
2			game	television	olympic	olympics	sport	broadcasting	entertainment	tv	media			athens olympics draw record tv audiences the athens olympics broke global tv viewing records, with nearly 4 billion people tuning in, ioc president jacques rogge said tuesday.
4			computer	chip	intel	wireless	technology	broadband	networking	silicon	linux			rosedale chips fuel intel's wimax drive intel corp. expects its first generation wimax chips to spawn devices for wireless broadband end users that cost less than $ 200 and won't require a visit by a service provider, a company executive said tuesday.
1			politics	election	result	democracy	polling	poll	iran	iraq	afghanistan			karzai maintains clear majority hamid karzai maintained his clear majority in the afghan presidential elections as the vote count passed 75 per cent today, according to the official poll website.
1			politics	america	election	war	democracy	terrorism	afghanistan	money			u.s. envoy smoothes way for karzai win in afghan poll the flashing smile, the patrician wave of the hand for the cameras as he stepped into his bullet proof car belonged to a man who had just won afghanistan's presidential election.
4			electronics	computer	linux	software	privacy	technology	music	car	windows			windows media player sound files 'edited with warez' cite pc welt cite looks under the hood
4			hacking	privacy	technology	broadband	internet	telecommunication	fraud	patent	consumer			free net phone upstart sues vonage, fry 's internet phone service sipphone has charged vonage holdings and retailer fry 's electronics with false advertising for failing to adequately disclose limitations on hardware that allows phone calls to be placed over a broadband connection.
2			usa	america	baseball	espn	volleyball	basketball	sport	football			american hoopsters no one's dream anymore the days of u.s. domination of the olympic basketball tournament are over and so, it appears, is the fans' love affair with the american dream team.
4			electronics	computer	ipod	connectivity	privacy	technology	bandwidth	storage	networking	size			new sony walkman can 't break ipod 's stride if there 's one thing that makes sony 's network walkman seem superior to apple computer 's ipod, at least at first glance, it 's the issue of size versus storage capacity.
2			england	soccer	sport	football	footballer	money	boring			time now for boring arsenal entertaining football in the premiership, boring in the champions league. that is the key to arsenal 's success, insists robert pires.
1			politics	election	treason	violence	democracy	political	corruption	terrorism	party	torture			myanmar 's military govt frees number two political prisoner: party ... yangon : myanmar 's military government has freed the country 's second most prominent political prisoner, student democracy leader min ko naing, an opposition party spokesman told afp.
1			election	politics	democracy	corruption	religion	ethics	politician			the gentle doctor of gah honest, sincere and a man of integrity the most common definition for the man whom many call an accidental politician .
4			itunes	linux	mobility	technology	broadband	speed	windows			verizon gives speed boost to dsl verizon has announced an upgrade to its dsl service in 12 states, providing a maximum download speed of 3mbps and up to 768kbps of upload speed.
3			income	revenue	investing	loss	profit	finance	competition	money			affiliated managers 3q profit edges up investment management company affiliated managers group inc. said wednesday that third quarter profit rose 3 percent as expenses and challenges with high cap funds offset sharp revenue growth.
4			chip	ethernet	intel	wireless	technology	broadband	silicon	linux			intel targets 2005 for wimax roll out intel corp. has taken another baby step on its roadmap for broadband wireless chips, saying tuesday sept. 7 that it is sampling its wimax chip to strategic partners in preparation for a wide scale rollout in 2005.
4			linux	software	unix	technology	evolution	availability	kernel	reliability			uk report says linux is 'viable' a uk government study finds the open source linux operating system is a viable alternative to rival products.
1			id	election	politics	democracy	voting	privacy	fraud			integrity of fla. virtual vote in doubt edward bitet fought in world war ii, built affordable housing for veterans and taught sixth grade. when the long island native retired to florida, he fulfilled another civic duty by becoming a poll worker. but bitet, 77, isn't volunteering this year he says he doesn't trust palm beach county's electronic voting machines. he walked out of a county demonstration of touch screen terminals convinced that software bugs could wreak havoc on nov. 2.
3			politics	sale	marketing	profit	change	money			coke quarterly profit falls 24 coca cola 's worldwide sales volume barely budged in the third quarter, while profits tumbled 24 percent. with those results, new chairman and chief executive e. neville isdell was left to reiterate what he 's
4			engineering	manufacturing	intel	biotechnology	technology	innovation	semiconductor	silicon			intel builds new chips with 65 nanometer process technology the achievement extends intel 's effort to drive the development of new manufacturing process technology every two years, in accordance with moore 's law, intel said in a statement.
3			income	business	revenue	sale	profit	finance	money	industry			update 3 american greetings posts profit, starts dividend greeting card maker american greetings corp. am.n: quote, profile, research on wednesday posted a quarterly profit, reversing a year earlier loss, as licensing income and lower costs offset flat sales.
4			ibm	grid	linux	collaboration	technology	hp	patent	computing	industry			ibm registers grid computing wins claiming grid technology continues to expand outside its traditional scientific and research markets, ibm on friday is announcing that several grid based commercial projects built on ibm platforms have been launched, including one at the u.s. environmental protection agency.
1			politics	election	history	democracy	cheney	iran	iraq	candidate	afghanistan			karzai seen winning afghan majority interim leader hamid karzai has won a majority of estimated votes cast in afghanistan's landmark presidential elections, according to preliminary results released yesterday.
3			business	recovery	recall	profit	fraud	bankruptcy	competition	money			merck profit falls, hurt by vioxx recall merck co. on thursday said its third quarter profit fell, hurt by negative effects of the recall last month of its vioxx arthritis drug.
1			election	america	politics	democrat	democracy	washington	texas	republican			democrats in n.y. showcase swing voters delores ramirez was a supporter of president bush in 2000, but on this muggy sunday afternoon the retired virginia businesswoman was standing on the steps of new york's city hall with dozens of supporters of democrat john kerry who just finished a weeklong tour of five states.
2			baseball	college	basketball	sport	golf	football			football? no, it 's the ryder cup it 's got to be the bobby bowden, good ol boy drawl and the fact that hal sutton is now so beefy he looks as if he could have played linebacker at one time for lsu.
2			baseball	game	olympics	gaming	sport	japan	entertainment	strategy			gaming godzillas prepare for battle let the games begin. not the olympics again, but the all out battle between japanese video game giants sony and nintendo over their new gaming consoles.
4			electronics	battery	computer	privacy	technology	money	phone			christmas comes early with treo 650 i have been anticipating this day like a child waits for christmas. today, palmone introduces the treo 650, the answer to my what smart phone will i buy?
4			electricity	wireless	technology	internet	broadband	telecommunication	education			broadband proves popular the number of broadband users in the us nearly tripled in the past two and a half years to more than 48 million subscribers, according to a report released this week by the us federal communications commission.
4			ibm	computer	hacking	technology	patent	nasa	computing	industry			ibm project puts supercomputer on a chip ibm today plans to disclose details of a project to put a supercomputer on a chip.
3			product	business	manufacturing	diamond	production	sale	marketing	jewelry	industry			michael hill sparkles jeweller michael hill international has seen its annual profit rise 30 due to increased sales, the company says.
3			business	technology	strategy	money	online			raises another 20 million in funding online retailer has secured another 20 million in venture capital funding and could go public as soon as next year, chief executive officer george garrick said on friday.
3			ge	business	technology	fire	bankruptcy	research	efficiency	industry			update 2 ge to buy spx fire detection unit for $ 1.4 bln general electric co. ge.n: quote, profile, research on monday said it would buy a fire detection systems business from spx corp.
1			election	politics	violence	democracy	iran	corruption	iraq	afghanistan	terrorism			15 killed in us strike on iraqi hotspot of fallujah at least 15 people were killed as us jets spearheaded yet another assault on alleged al qaeda fighters in fallujah while iraq 's premier warned that key elections may be delayed in areas of unrest.
2			politics	baseball	history	statistics	sport	pitching			national league preview from the sports network barry bonds can equal two huge baseball milestones tonight. however, aside from personal achievements, the san francisco slugger is more focused on his team 's drive to the playoffs, and
1			politics	election	president	putin	democracy	corruption	power	russia	ukraine	politician			ukraine's isolated pm repeats offer to opposition prime minister viktor yanukovich, looking increasingly isolated in ukraine's deepening political crisis, offered again on tuesday to make his opposition rival premier if allowed to take up the presidency.
4			electronics	safety	technology	communication	money	phone			time warner cable mulling wireless company's looking at ways to offer wireless phone service, executives say. the move is targeted at the baby bells.
1			politics	election	controversy	debate	privacy	uncertainty	freedom	diversity			breyer questions impartiality on ruling u.s. supreme court justice stephen breyer said he wasn't sure he was being truly impartial when the high court was asked to settle the disputed 2000 presidential vote in florida.
4			device	network	hardware	networking	technology	via	semiconductor	silicon			taiwan 's via joins 64 bit chip fray after watching nearly every other semiconductor manufacturer produce their x86 64 bit chips, via technologies has come to the table.
4			computer	business	software	technology	marketing	advertising			design and coding for the complete package wmw conf 7 design and coding for the complete package wmw conf 7 roger sooley from compstar was up first, his forum name is rogerd . he first goes into the question about building the software yourself or using a pre built software application. the first question you need to ask is is your business ...
2			coaching	job	baseball	retirement	sport	recruiting	football	money			it's crunch time for crennel saturday is the last day that nfl assistant coaches and front office personnel whose teams are in the playoffs can interview for jobs until their team's playoff run ends. that means this could be a big week for patriots defensive coordinator romeo crennel, who has coveted a head coaching position for the past few years.
4			dell	linux	device	hardware	technology	nokia	hp	networking	windows			dell announces its new line of pocket pc and upgrade for axim x30 dell has announced three new axim windows mobile pocket pc, dubbed the dell axim x50 series. the axim x50v features a 3.7 inch vga screen, with a 624mhz cpu, 64mb sd ram, 128mb flash rom, wireless lan and bluetooth.
4			computer	demand	technology	performance	ibm	money	security	linux			amd says demand rebounded after election hiccup computer chip demand turned positive after a hiccup around the time of the u.s. presidential elections, an advanced micro devices inc. executive said on tuesday.
4			electronics	computer	engineering	technology	automation	machine	innovation	computing			start up builds less demanding machines so far, three year old ambient devices has sold fewer than 60,000 of its products. yet the company fascinates me because it is working on the frontier of making computers more intuitive.
4			network	privacy	technology	broadband	internet	communication	telecommunication	networking	speed			fcc backs bells on fiber phone line sharing limits u.s. regulators on thursday said big local phone companies will not have to share new fiber optic lines built for high speed internet and other services, spurring one carrier to speed roll out plans.
4			pc	computer	linux	business	privacy	technology	car	pcs	windows			idc raises '04 pc growth view, trims '05 shipments of personal computers this year will be higher than previously anticipated, boosted by the strongest demand from businesses in five years, research firm idc said on monday.
1			politics	nigeria	election	violence	democracy	islam	corruption	religion	terrorism	assassination			nigerian party chief slams president the head of nigeria's ruling party launched an unprecedented attack on president olusegun obasanjo in a letter published on saturday, warning him that his government was unpopular and heading for collapse.
1			election	politics	controversy	democracy	corruption	iran	fraud	afghanistan			afghan leader says election 'fair' afghanistan's first direct presidential election was thrust into turmoil hours after it started saturday when all 15 candidates challenging interim leader hamid karzai alleged fraud over the ink meant to ensure people voted only once and vowed to boycott the results. but electoral officials rejected the candidates' call to abandon the rest of the balloting, saying it would rob millions of voters of their chance to cast ballots and that they would rule later on the legitimacy of the election...
1			politics	election	beijing	democracy	china	corruption	reform	change			one country, two systems model a barrier to democracy, speakers ... political reforms have been sacrificed in china as leaders in beijing trumpet their stability above all policy, president chen shui bian said in a statement yesterday.
4			computer	chip	hardware	server	technology	performance	reliability	networking	silicon	linux			sun looks to chip performance to bring brighter days sun microsystems wants to distinguish its future servers by fitting them with new chips that get their jobs done more efficiently.
4			computer	hardware	intel	technology	power	performance	silicon	speed	computing	linux			intel shift over need for speed the world 's largest chip maker, intel, is changing its approach to making faster computer microprocessors. it has dropped plans to release a four gigahertz version of its flagship pentium 4 chip.
3			business	mba	alumni	management	economics	marketing	finance	advertising	education			kmart names new chief executive l education: holds an mba and bachelor 's degrees in business management and english literature from the university of houston.
3			income	revenue	growth	finance	profit	loss	risk	money	industry			earnings alert: adobe strong despite drop plus: linux demand lifts red hat profit...strong sales of phones, other gadgets boost palmone profit...lawson expects quarterly loss.
4			network	connectivity	ethernet	mobility	technology	wireless	internet	broadband	telecommunication	speed			verizon wireless expands broadband to 17 cities verizon wireless, the largest us wireless company, said on wednesday it was expanding its high speed data service to all or part of 17 cities, under a $ 1 billion upgrade aimed at increasing customer spending on its services.
1			politics	dean	money			is meyer the man to get irish up? the timing of notre dame 's firing of tyrone willingham makes no sense . . unless the board of trustees had a replacement not only in mind, but in hand.
2			baseball	johnny	television	basketball	damon	sport	race	football	performance			notes: finger sidelines damon the last time johnny damon was at the network associates coliseum before monday, he doesn 't remember leaving. the date was oct. 6, 2003.
3			business	trend	technology	finance	competition	industry			nextel 3q profit rises wireless communications service provider nextel communications inc. on friday posted 69 percent growth in third quarter earnings based on demand across its business sectors, and raised its outlook for 2004.
4			computer	game	graphic	linux	gaming	technology	microsoft	computing	color			nvidia, sony unite for graphics chip sony computer entertainment scei and nvidia have announced that the companies have been collaborating on bringing advanced graphics and computer entertainment technology to scei 's next generation computer entertainment system.
1			election	politics	controversy	bush	kerry	strategy	mccain	money			kerry tries to turn campaign against bush democratic presidential candidate john kerry, trying to recover from a brass knuckles campaign against his character, is attempting to steer the election to a referendum on president bush's leadership. kerry has less than seven weeks to take over the lead in the presidential race...
4			trend	technology	analytics	blackberry	ios			research in motion revenues soar on blackberry popularity research in motion reported sharply higher quarterly profits and revenues thursday as sales of its popular blackberry wireless e mail device continue to soar.
4			computer	mouse	privacy	technology	money			iogears new wireless bluetooth mini mouse before we go any further, stop saying mini mouse like youre mini me. stop it. thats no longer allowed in the cubicles of america.
4			computer	computing	linux	network	storage	performance	networking	security	server			chip sales up 1.5 percent in october organizations are replacing aging servers with newer more powerful boxes, often linux based, and theyre also investing in storage.
4			motorola	network	technology	telecommunication	networking	patent	carrier	email			moto touts ptt upgrade motorola, inc. nyse: mot message board today announced that it has entered into an agreement with nextel communications inc.
2			coaching	baseball	statistics	basketball	sport	golf	recruiting	football	tennis			greg paulus named gatorade national player of the year despite heading to duke to play basketball, greg paulus of christian brothers academy is the 2004 gatorade national football player of the year.
4			computer	network	technology	loss	networking	ibm	security	industry			3com posts narrower loss 3com corp. posted a narrower net loss in its latest quarter amid a sharp drop in operating expenses. for the fiscal first quarter ended aug. 27, the maker of computer networking equipment
3			speculation	investing	technology	economics	company	stock	market	finance	money	industry			stocks rise after fed hikes rates u.s. stocks extended their gains slightly before stabilizing on tuesday, after the federal reserve hiked interest rates by an expected quarter point, while technology stocks were sparked by a report that veritas software corp. would be taken over.
4			electronics	chip	ethernet	intel	wireless	technology	networking	silicon	linux			intel seen readying new wi fi chips this week intel corp. intc.o this week is expected to introduce a chip that adds support for a relatively obscure version of wi fi, analysts said on monday, in a move that could help ease congestion on wireless networks.
4			computer	pc	technology	microsoft	apple	hp	ibm	pcs	computing			ibm mulls sale of pc business ibm, seeking to exit an industry it helped pioneer two decades ago, hired merrill lynch to find a buyer for its personal computer unit.
4			electronics	battery	philip	manufacturing	chip	technology	semiconductor	silicon	industry			philips warns on chip unit sales europe 's top consumer electronics group philips cut the forecast for its closely watched semiconductor unit on friday, saying it expects third quarter sales to be flat from the second rather than rising.
4			electronics	battery	computer	chip	intel	technology	apple	semiconductor	silicon			report: intel shelves another chip intel corp., the world 's largest maker of computer chips and a major employer in folsom, has reportedly dropped plans to develop a chip for projection tvs, the latest in a series of product shifts by the santa clara company.
4			privacy	technology	regulation	company	regulator	consumer	competition	industry			uk regulator: voip will benefit consumers uk regulator ofcom says the comparatively low cost of voice over ip voip technology means that barriers to entry for new companies are lower than those in traditional telephony, so consumers
2			overtime	baseball	basketball	sport	football	time	money			at end, nuggets golden are these guys ever going to have a game that doesn 't come down to the last possession? it seems that, if nothing else, the celtics give you 48 minutes worth.
2			baseball	australia	england	rugby	sport	football	cricket	tennis	cricketer			former greats lament tv deal two former england captains today bemoaned the loss of cricket to britains living rooms, claiming the sports new television deal had turned its back on thousands of potential future players.
2			baseball	family	fan	sport	football	marketing	money			waiting and hoping whether we arrive at fenway in business suits or face paint, red sox fans have much in common. we are passionate and knowledgeable, as visiting players regularly report.
4			electronics	hardware	technology	semiconductor	innovation	patent	silicon	reliability			breakthrough promises hotter, tougher, faster chips developments in silicon carbide wafers may lead to a new world of fast, robust electronics.
2			baseball	game	basketball	sport	rule	football	strategy			john madden i think we are going to see two chippy teams and the start of the game in particular may be a little different, both teams want their players to come out and be passionate, fired up and ready to play and i think maybe we will see both teams come out just
4			electronics	ibm	application	manufacturing	wireless	technology	telecommunication	manufacturer	patent	industry			ibm offers rfid services for manufacturers update ibm on tuesday announced two new sets of radio frequency identification services, targeting companies in the industrial and manufacturing sectors, as well as midsize retail suppliers.
1			politics	closure	religion	faith			o malley ties closings to sex abuse scandal: archbishop calls ... in a letter issued yesterday to parishioners, archbishop sean p. o malley for the first time acknowledged a link between church closings and the sex abuse scandal, saying his mission is
1			election	politics	taiwan	democracy	china	voting	corruption			hong kong: hk press says people still want full democracy the record turnout in hong kong 's legislative council elections shows that the territory wants full democracy, newspapers said on tuesday.
4			dell	manufacturing	technology	power	blade	tool	tip			dell gets back into blades dell officially re entered the blade server market monday with a long rumored product the company says helps address costs and thermal issues needed to further propel the growth of blades.
4			science	electronics	battery	computer	technology	education	computing	physics			back to school now includes electronics for back to school shoppers, a new alphabet reigns, and it starts with e for electronics...
2			baseball	basketball	sport	football	harvard	stanford	money			fitzpatrick co. were amazing, end of story the last time harvard had a run like this, the ball was a lot rounder, the players wore leather helmets, and the movie you took your girl to see on a saturday night had no sound.
4			electricity	wireless	technology	internet	bandwidth	broadband	telecommunication	speed			broadband by power lines moves forward fcc clears the way for more companies to offer the alternative form of net access. the us federal communications commission this week cleared the way for power companies to roll out broadband over power line
2			sox	baseball	sport	boston			sox clinch playoff berth it didnt happen at fenway park this year, though it was hard to believe the red sox werent the home team on monday night. the
3			computer	business	ceo	mac	million	investing	technology	apple	money			preaching beyond the mac faithful in the past three weeks, shares of apple computer inc. have flirted with all time highs after a wave of reports from investment houses like piper jaffray, merrill lynch and jp morgan issued glowing projections about the cupertino firm 's future.
4			windows	computer	linux	software	unix	technology	reliability	security	server			sun, dell lead server sales low cost linux and windows servers are outselling unix models, gartner analysts say.
4			computer	chip	intel	technology	economics	finance	money	silicon	linux			intel doubles dividend, expands buyback intel corp. , the world's largest maker of computer chips, said on wednesday it would double its quarterly dividend to 8 cents a share, the second time this year it has doubled its cash payout.
2			politics	history	athletics	sport	race	football	athlete	religion	time			old is gold and twice as good it is impossible to achieve greatness in sport without being measured against history. on saturday, the last night of athletics in the 2004 olympics, a man and a woman, a king and a queen of the track, ran into history.
2			coaching	statistics	experience	youth	sport	football	player	child	training	age			beckenbauer warns about youth vs experience former german football great franz beckenbauer has warned national team coach juergen klinsmann against fielding too many young players at the expense of experience.
4			business	privacy	technology	networking	money	phone			can skype remain more than free phone hype? the first year growth rate for the net phone start up was sky high. now it has to avoid a sophomore jinx.
2			politics	england	soccer	club	sport	football	money			manchester united: the richest and possibly most famous football ... manchester united, which said on monday it had received a takeover approach, stands as the richest and one of the most famous football club 's in the world, 126 years after being formed by railway workers.
3			insurance	contract	relationship	business	investing	partnership	fraud	profit	money			broker 's directors used partnerships for private profits board members and senior executives of marsh mclennan, the giant insurance broker that has been accused of cheating customers, put millions of dollars into a partnership that profited by
1			politics	america	inflation	election	democracy	economics	greed	money			cautious fed lifts rates but hints at pause while the us presidential candidates spent much of the week making the usual promises to brighten americans future, policymakers who will probably play a bigger role in determining the quality of most lives were quietly going about their usual business.
2			baseball	sport	football			i thought i saw a shove, but i guess i need glasses nothing happened, reggie wayne said. nothing happened when the indianapolis colts wide receiver and peyton manning went face mask to face mask on the sideline late in sunday 's game.
2			baseball	sport	football	money	number			direct touchdown football has come a long way and i m talking about a lot more than just the hundred yards that separate the goal lines. last night directv nyse: dtv announced a $ 3.
4			computer	hacking	device	privacy	technology	nokia	blackberry	pcs	linux			pocket pc users report trouble with skype internet telephony application balks on ipaq and axim pocket pc devices.
4			science	virus	computer	worm	technology	internet	terrorism	cancer			internet threats a bleak picture of human future biological and genetic weapons should take cue from online viruses and worms, british doctors say.
2			baseball	history	espn	sport	football	texas	competition			despite all the criticism, the b.c.s. has produced a classic matchup on tuesday night, when no. 1 southern california and no. 2 oklahoma meet in the orange bowl, all the foibles about the b.c.s. will move to the background.
4			battery	computer	privacy	storage	technology	networking	camera	memory	security			giving overstuffed cameras some offloading options for regular travelers with eager shutter fingers, storage gadgets can be more economical than additional memory cards.
4			authentication	network	privacy	technology	system	networking	ibm	security			ibm, cisco expand security alliance covering enterprise networks ibm and cisco systems are broadening their security alliance to offer new automatic security applications for enterprise networks.
4			mobile	network	connectivity	privacy	technology	broadband	wireless	telecommunication	phone			ring tones, phone games to rake it in revenue from wireless data services could reach $ 189 billion in 2009, according to a new report.
1			election	politics	democracy	voting	polling	germany	poll	austria			schroeder faces new poll defeat voting is under way in the german state of saarland, with polls predicting another defeat for the social democrats.
2			statistics	game	computer	gaming	sport	music	football	entertainment			all girl swedish team tackles video gaming at first glance, les seules might look like an all girl rock band complete with sassy attitudes and fawning male groupies but the swedish septuplet doesn't play instruments. they play competitive video games.
4			computer	hacking	business	secrecy	privacy	technology	encryption	fraud	security			news: pda security still dismal worker apathy about pda security is putting corporate data in jeopardy. the storage of the names and addresses of corporate customers on pdas is now common but security practices are struggling to keep up with technology usage.
1			politics	election	result	democracy	voting	candidate	voter	vote			belarusian chief sees vote as mandate belarus president alexander lukashenko, 50, is seen during a news conference in minsk, monday, oct. 18, 2004. according to the central elections commission a preliminary tally of ballots from sunday 's election
3			america	business	china	marketing	company	growth	corporation	food			mcdonald's sales push its stock to 2 year high mcdonald's corp. yesterday reported another month of strong worldwide sales, sending its stock up modestly to its highest closing price in 2 years.
1			politics	election	congress	government	budget	tax	spending	bush	finance	money			bush signs bill to keep government going president bush on sunday signed a stopgap spending bill that keeps the government running while congress sorts out remaining issues related to a more permanent federal spending package.
4			authentication	security	privacy	technology	standard	cost	ethics			e mail authentication: cost, standards remain problems e mail authentication can help fight the growing spam e mail problem, but vendors need to come up with a single, open standard to avoid confusion and crippling costs for small isps internet service providers , participants in a u.s. government summit said wednesday.
4			computer	business	software	privacy	technology	money	security			novell slides on exec departure news research are slipping after hours on the unexpected news that the software company 's no.
3			business	bank	finance	canada	banking			rbc to reorganizes with appointment of stymiest, streamlining of ... the royal bank of canada is streamlining its operations and appointing a new chief operating officer tsx ceo barbara stymiest and a new chief financial officer, two weeks after canada 's biggest bank reported lower quarterly profits
3			business	ceo	management	investing	economics	bank	finance	money	banking			back to basics to save bank john stewart, michael ullmer and ahmed fahour have devised a simple plan to restore the fortunes of national australia bank they are returning to an updated version of the management systems used by former chief executive don argus in the first half of
1			election	politics	campaign	nevada	california	candidate	primary			voters may change calif., wash. primaries in a testament to the independent streak of western voters, washington and california are considering dumping political party primaries.
2			individual	team	coach	football			the tough life of a professional athlete high school athletes have the concept of team pounded into their heads beginning on the first day of practice. but orlando pace, a five time pro bowl offensive tackle for the st.
4			electronics	lcd	technology	display	japan	competition	industry			japan's mitsubishi electric to focus on small lcds due to competition japan's mitsubishi electric corp. said that it plans to wind down production of large size liquid crystal display lcd panels to focus on smaller panels because of price competition.
2			racing	china	race	sport	football	motorsport	cycling			glamorous f1 hits china formula one teams are pulling out all the stops to wow the crowds for the grand prix debut in the chinese city of shanghai. the race is one of the biggest global sporting events to
4			mobility	technology	power	performance	hp	intel	computing	linux			amd 's dual core performance boost san jose, calif. advanced micro devices on tuesday detailed performance results for its forthcoming dual core opteron processor, showing a speed boost of 30 percent to 55 percent compared with today 's single core models.
4			computer	linux	software	unix	system	reliability			linux to grow steady for next four years linux is much more popular in the enterprise than previously thought, according to a new report out today. it research firm idc combined several of its data studies and threw in a few that it didn 't already
2			boxing	baseball	basketball	athletics	sport	soccer	football	cricket	tennis			boyz bid fails sport. the us 's eddie johnson centre scores a goal past jamaica 's goalie donovan ricketts 30 during the first half of their world cup semi final round qualifying match
4			electronics	privacy	technology	semiconductor	patent	silicon	security	industry			smic to challenge latest tsmc infringement claims semiconductor manufacturing international corp. smic said wednesday it will defend itself against the latest allegations of patent infringement and trade secret misappropriation
4			computer	privacy	technology	dove	email	security			q a: worthington industries cio jonathan dove on erp upgrade worthington industries cio jonathan dove tells computerworld that he sees the role of the cio changing.
4			electronics	computer	competitor	technology	performance	strategy	innovation	competition	security			is ati's success doomed? the graphics chipmaker is optimistic about the future, but competitors aren't standing still.
3			computer	business	cash	software	technology	greed	commerce	finance	money			commerce one runs out of cash after spending several years in a protracted death spiral, commerce one inc. is finally on the verge of ending its misery by running out of cash. the san francisco software maker laid off most of its staff this week and said in a friday regulatory filing that it is down to its last $ 300,000 in operating cash.
4			computer	reading	privacy	technology	ibm	pcs	email	computing			thinkpad to read fingertips ibm canada has introduced a thinkpad laptop computer with an integrated fingerprint reader, a model that delivers simplified access to password protected personal and financial information, websites, documents and e mail.
4			battery	electronics	computer	price	technology	time	pricing	money	phone			deluxe handhelds try hard to justify price when $ 100 buys a pocket sized gadget that can store decades' worth of appointments and $ 200 gets you one that also serves as a digital photo album and mp3 player why would anybody spend up to $ 500 on a new palm or pocket pc handheld?
2			coaching	america	baseball	basketball	sport	football	american	money			marbury 's groove puts americans on track it took one innocent 30 second comment from stephon marbury to sum up the american basketball problem and show how easy it would be to fix it.
4			electronics	graphic	technology	display	color			samsung sdi develops world's first '3d' mobile display south korea's samsung sdi co., the world's leading display maker, said that it has developed the first all angle three dimensional 3d display panels for mobile phones.
1			politics	election	violence	democracy	war	peace	iraq	terrorism	security			us condemns recent tamil tiger attacks, welcomes sri lankan peace ... washington : the united states condemned recent attacks by sri lanka 's tamil tigers as an assault on the country 's fragile peace process and welcomed this week 's government overture to the separatist rebels.
1			politics	america	election	bush	washington	money			a short lived bush rally? the stock market got off to a quick start on news of president george w. bush 's victory, with the s p 500 and the nasdaq on wednesday morning both up by more than 1.
4			computer	pc	hardware	technology	apple	hp	pcs	intel	linux			intel pushes desktops with more spunk, lower prices a new chipset offers high end features for less cash, an effort to spark pc makers to update their low price offerings.
4			virus	device	worm	technology	attack	security	linux			trojan targets symbian handhelds a virus aimed at users of next generation mobile phones is making the rounds, casing headaches for those using handhelds based on the popular symbian operating system.
3			industry	content	marketing	business			partners with industrybrains for sponsored links partners with industrybrains for sponsored links industrybrains, which focuses on site specific contextual pay per click advertising programs, announced that it has partnered with entrepreneur media, inc. to provide its content targeted sponsored links on and , two of the most respected online resources for business owners and partners. industrybrains will provide its ...
2			baseball	sport	football	gambling	money			the long and blinding show can you believe these baseball games of late? they are tension filled, comeback laden, back and forth, down to the last out sporting gems. and they are unwatchable.
4			mobile	wired	network	technology	wireless	nokia	telecommunication	networking	phone			nokia makes good on business phones com november 2, 2004, 11:06 am pt. wired wireless continues its reign as the top it priority among it managers due to widespread ip telephony deployment and other network infrastructure upgrades.
4			mobile	network	privacy	technology	broadband	internet	wireless	networking			wireless to drive internet growth, tech leaders say p p p by duncan martell p p mountain view, calif. reuters wireless services will lead the next growth phase of the internet as venture capitalists who helped fund the early boom open their wallets again, industry leaders said monday. p
4			electronics	computer	hacking	itunes	software	technology	apple	networking	ios	linux			scott knaster releases new book, hacking ipod itunes scott knaster, author of 11 books about computers and technology, has released his newest book, hacking ipod itunes. the book explores tips and tricks relating
2			baseball	injury	retirement	basketball	rehabilitation	sport	football	stats			sosa 's home runs may have gone to his head i never thought i d say this, but i m ashamed to be a sammy sosa fan. sosa 's 2004 season was one of struggle. the 35 year old missed 36 games with various injuries, including back spasms caused by a violent sneeze.
4			application	migrate	technology	microsoft	evolution	migration	security	windows			microsoft swings at novell microsoft is offering new migration tools to tempt netware users to move to windows server 2003. along with the tools comes a promise that netware customers will get online training and unlimited technical support via newsgroups.
4			computing	linux	technology	nec	networking	ibm	availability	security	server			nec announces fault tolerant four way server nec solutions has announced a four way, high availability server it 's pitching to enterprises as, among other things, the hardware to host virtual systems such as those made possible by microsoft 's upcoming virtual server 2005.
4			quote	research	google	technology			verizon to buy nextwave licenses for $ 3 billion verizon wireless vz.n: quote, profile, research said on thursday that it had signed an agreement with nextwave telecom inc. nxlc.
1			election	politics	inflation	taxation	corruption	spending	finance	money	cost			spending spree will drive up rates: latham mark latham attacked yesterday 's coalition policy launch as a willy nilly spending spree aimed at buying votes, which would drive up interest rates.
4			network	mobility	technology	wireless	internet	broadband	networking			on the horizon: the global wireless web verizon recently announced plans to roll out its new wireless broadbandaccess service in 14 american cities, with more to follow.
3			investor	investment	investing	company	finance	bankruptcy	accounting	money	merger			blackrock gets a piece of met in the asset management industry, the corporate structures can get confusing and the numbers huge. blackrock nyse: blk , for example, is a large asset management firm with $ 314 billion under management.
2			baseball	atlanta	espn	fan	sport	nfl	football	money			bills get first win over winless dolphins takeo spikes made good on his vow the buffalo bills would finally provide some good news for their fans this weekend.
4			corp	technology	company	tech	ft	corporation	inc	pt	industry			at to cut about 7,400 jobs at corp. tn: quote, profile, research will cut another 7,400 jobs and reduce the value of its assets by $ 11.4 billion, spurred by its retreat from traditional consumer
4			computer	hacking	hardware	privacy	technology	encryption	networking	security	linux			nvidia puts a firewall on a motherboard motherboard chip sets don 't normally excite much attention in the security world, but nvidia 's nforce 4 could turn out to be the exception.
1			election	politics	propaganda	marketing	advertising	terrorism	afghanistan	money	journalism			afghan election brings political marketing to wartorn country if you are showing the new afghanistan, you cannot do it with a photo of a cemetery! explains an exasperated worker with the media production house guiding afghan presidential candidates into the murky world of political marketing.
3			revenue	trend	growth	profit	finance	risk	competition	money	earnings			costco 's 4q profit beats outlook costco wholesale corp., the largest wholesale club operator in the united states, said thursday that fourth quarter earnings rose 24 percent to beat wall street expectations, but revenue for the period was light.
2			success	baseball	homecoming	sport	football	competition	talent			warmin' to that spotlight if oklahoma and southern california seemed comfortable handling yesterday's media day for tomorrow night's orange bowl bcs title game, there's a good reason. both schools are used to the attention success brings.
1			election	politics	computer	democracy	voting	privacy	technology	censorship	fraud			group cites electronic voting problems the record use of electronic voting machines on nov. 2 led to hundreds of voting irregularities and shows the need for higher standards, a voting rights group said thursday.
4			dell	computer	linux	manufacturing	technology	hp	performance	networking	blade	server			dell sharpens its blade offering dell inc launched its new compact poweredge 1855 blade server, 10 of which can fit into a 7u chassis to provide 43 more performance per sq foot and up to 62 more servers than dell 1u servers in a 42u rack.
4			electronics	housing	dell	computer	storage	technology	car	pricing	fashion			dell fields 17 inch notebook dell 's inspiron notebook line made its big screen debut tuesday with the introduction of a 17 inch display. as expected, the inspiron 9200, which starts at $ 1,699, aims to use more screen real estate to appeal
4			virus	computer	hacking	intelligence	privacy	technology	security			windows upgrade helps hold down the fort are you nervous about viruses, worms, spyware and other threats to your computer? wish you had the power to appoint an intelligence czar to safeguard your pc?
1			politics	election	security	computer	democracy	voting	privacy	technology	surveillance			nj residents plan lawsuit to block e voting threatened with a lawsuit to block the use of electronic voting machines, new jersey's office of the attorney general is defending them as secure.
1			election	politics	computer	e	democracy	voting	technology	internet			e voting still a florida bugaboo early voters in the sunshine state begin casting electronic ballots monday, and it doesn't take long for the first problems to surface.
3			trading	investor	investing	economics	stock	market	growth	finance	money	capital			wall street slogs though tepid, short session stocks finished mixed friday in a shortened session. the major indicators ended the week higher as investors looked forward to the results of the first weekend of holiday shopping and a jobs report next week.
1			election	politics	australia	democracy	religion	strategy	money	politician			australian campaign gets underway australia 's political leaders have hit the hustings with a blitz of the airwaves to set the tone for the country 's longest election campaign in 20 years who do voters trust?
1			politics	election	unity	democracy	zimbabwe	unification	power	resignation	leadership			mugabe urges ruling party unity zimbabwean president robert mugabe has called for unity in his ruling party amid deep splits and jostling over the succession of power.
4			processor	computer	chip	hardware	intel	technology	performance	silicon	speed	linux			intel reaches pentium 4 speed limit at 3.8ghz as expected, intel corp. introduced a 3.8ghz pentium 4 processor monday in what could represent the end of an era for the chip maker.
1			election	politics	statistics	computer	voting	polling	technology	fraud			computer glitch changes election result a hand recount of ballots cast using optical scanning technology gave a democrat enough extra votes to bump a republican from victory in a county commissioner's race.
2			huskies	baseball	hockey	statistics	basketball	athletics	sport	football	height			little man robinson plays big for huskies the smallest man on the court always seems to make the biggest plays for the washington huskies.
4			network	connectivity	ethernet	technology	communication	cisco	networking	security	link			cisco moving to clarify linksys role cisco systems $ 2 billion push into the smb space is forcing it to re evaluate the role it has assigned its upstart linksys division.
3			business	sale	sex	marketing	greed	fraud	drug	competition	money	ethics			jos. a. bank settles probe of sales ads men 's apparel seller jos. a. bank clothiers inc. has agreed to pay $ 475,000 to settle an investigation by new york attorney general eliot l. spitzer, who accused the company of using deceptive
4			battery	computer	privacy	technology	money	email	phone			it 's not just a cellphone, it 's an advisor students at the massachusetts institute of technology are testing a cellphone system that turns your ordinary phone into a true companion advisor.
2			baseball	chicago	fan	soccer	sport	football	money			marlins president looks for support at us cellular field converting chicago fans into marlins supporters isn 't an easy assignment. but team president david samson gave it his best shot monday morning.
4			mobile	electronics	handheld	battery	device	technology	smartphone	nokia	innovation			idc sees decline in handheld market the global market for handheld devices continues to dwindle, according to data released by idc this week. the industry has recorded a year over year fall for the third successive quarter, the researcher said.
4			computer	browser	privacy	technology	evolution	microsoft	strategy	security	windows			firefox bites back with a million downloads in 10 hours, the firefox browser has kicked off a brand new round in a very old conflict. six years ago, microsoft won the browser wars against netscape the distant forefather of
3			product	agriculture	marketing	growth	profit	innovation	consumer	competition	industry			natfoods looks at opportunities in new products national foods is using a strategy of new product releases to reinvigorate a stagnating dairy sector. picture:michele mossop. national foods, fresh from posting a 14 per cent rise in profit
4			mobile	sprint	network	mobility	technology	broadband	telecommunication	carrier	money			sprint unveils $ 3bn plan to roll out 3g sprint, the third largest us mobile phone network operator, has announced details of its plan to spend $ 3bn over the next three years to upgrade its network infrastructure and roll out third generation services.
3			product	kellogg	sale	price	marketing	company	productivity	competition	cereal	industry			kellogg quarterly earnings top estimates kellogg co. , the world's largest cereal maker, on monday reported a quarterly profit that exceeded wall street estimates and raised its full year earnings outlook, helped by strong sales of new products.
2			baseball	statistics	scouting	net	espn	basketball	sport	playoff	nba	stats			new jersey nets team report november 16 the new jersey nets lost their third straight game, as they were defeated by the houston rockets, 80 69, on monday at continental airlines arena.
1			politics	war	democracy	violence	corruption	conflict	terrorism			international donors warn sri lankan government about disrupting ... the united states and two other international donors have criticized sri lanka 's coalition government, after one of its partners made statements the donors say could disrupt efforts to restart peace talks with separatist rebels.
3			electronics	business	privacy	dvd	marketing	technology	profit	money			entrepreneur thinks disposable dvd technology a keeper to some consumers, the self destructing dvd sounds like a device out of mission: impossible. to atlanta entrepreneur jeffrey arnold, it sounds like money.
1			election	politics	violence	democracy	strategy	terrorism	republican	money			more battles likely on bush judge picks in a psychological war of words, senate republicans are issuing only slightly veiled threats against their democratic counterparts if the minority party resuscitates its penchant for blocking president bush's choices for federal judgeships.
4			computer	trend	technology	company	tech	growth	security	industry			stocks near flat, starbucks, techs fall u.s. blue chips were near unchanged on thursday but technology stocks slipped, as a broker downgrade on the semiconductor industry rattled investors, while coffee shop chain starbucks disappointed with slowing growth.
4			mobile	electronics	television	wireless	smartphone	technology	telecommunication	tv	phone			coming soon: mobile tv cell phone manufacturers are teaming up to bring mobile television to your handset.
4			electronics	manufacturing	technology	nokia	apple	semiconductor	samsung	silicon	industry			samsung sees chip sales slowing samsung says a glut of semiconductors on the market will bring prices down and slow growth in 2005.
1			election	politics	israel	coalition	war	democracy	iraq	terrorism			sharon's likud rejects coalition bid first returns israeli prime minister ariel sharon's right wing likud party voted wednesday to bar a coalition with center left labor that he seeks to advance his gaza withdrawal plan, according to early returns.
1			politics	election	ira	violence	democracy	ireland	terrorism	republican			paisley says it 's now or never for ira after no 10 meeting ian paisley warned the ira today that it was now or never for republicans if they wanted to conclude a deal on powersharing with his democratic unionist party.
4			electronics	computer	safety	school	sport	technology	internet	education	kid	security			japanese schools tracking students by radio cutting class just got harder but schools are safer thanks to computer chips that help track students, japanese officials say. some schools here this month began trial runs in which students carry chips that have tiny antennae and can be traced by radio, with some of the kids attaching the tags to their backpacks...
4			dell	linux	hardware	software	networking	technology	hp	eclipse	server			dell takes aim at blade server market in a long awaited move, dell has finally re entered the blade server market with the release of the dell poweredge 1855 server system.
4			virus	hacking	linux	software	privacy	technology	encryption	email	security	reliability			e mail scam dupes linux users red hat inc. on saturday warned users of an e mail scam designed to plant malicious code on users systems. the malicious e mail poses as a security update from the vendor, a technique
4			computer	graphic	chip	hardware	technology	performance	color	linux			enter your e mail: nvidia announced today that it 's bringing its geforce 6 graphics chip to value minded buyers with its new 6200. the company expects its graphics board partners to begin shipping pci express cards using the new chip by early november.
2			coaching	statistics	management	sport	recruiting	football	player	coach	stats			level best the last two coaches patriots owner bob kraft hired pete carroll and bill belichick are arguably the most successful football coaches in america right now.
4			computer	technology	nec	japan	machine	ibm	silicon	computing	linux			nec announces speedy supercomputer less than a month after ibm corp. claimed the world's fastest computer crown from nec corp., the japanese company is trying to win it back with a new supercomputer that will be available from december, it said wednesday.
3			trading	share	business	shareholder	company	stock	market	security	industry			stocks to watch among the companies whose shares are likely to see active trading in thursday 's session are ibm ibm: news, chart, profile and american international group aig: news, chart, profile .
3			insurance	australia	life	trade	business	financial	finance	health	banking	industry			business ; hhg sells life insurance arm business news, melbourne, financial group hhg has agreed to sell its life insurance business, including pearl, national provident life and london life, for 1.025 billion pounds to life company investor group, and plans to return 875 million pounds of the
4			virus	software	privacy	technology	encryption	infection	security	linux			the cost of virus protection rises symantec, mcafee hope raising virus definition fees will move users to suites.
2			luck	baseball	passing	running	basketball	sport	football	weather			hingham shuts out duxbury on a night like this, there was concern that the weather would decide the patriot league title. no one guessed it would come down to punting and passing.
4			electronics	battery	electricity	safety	technology	power	energy			thousands of dell adapters recalled for risk of fire, shock from ... dell inc. is recalling about 990,000 ac adapters used with notebook personal computers because they can overheat and cause a fire and electrical shock hazard, the us consumer product safety commission said friday.
3			statistics	business	trend	sale	management	marketing	company	hr	industry			looksmart appoints new ceo looksmart appoints new ceo looksmart announced today that david hills has been appointed as the company's chief executive officer, effective october 25, 2004. mr. hills will succeed damian smith, who has served as interim ceo since january 2004. mr. hills, 48, has nearly twenty five years of experience in media sales, ...
4			computer	electricity	technology	wireless	internet	broadband	telecommunication	networking	library			british library gets wireless net visitors to the british library can now take advantage of broadband wireless internet access.
4			wired	network	ethernet	technology	wireless	ip	telecommunication	networking			bells video gamble com november 22, 2004, 4:00 am pt. wired wireless continues its reign as the top it priority among it managers due to widespread ip telephony deployment and other network infrastructure upgrades.
4			software	solution	integration	system	ibm	security	linux			ibm announces eserver i5 550 the eserver i5 550 comes with a feature called the solution edition, which is apparently available with certain independent software vendors. the eserver i5, allegedly, has new ways to handle and optimise multiple operating system sthrough the ...
4			flash	device	chip	intel	storage	technology	performance	memory	silicon			intel climbs flash rankings as market dips the santa clara, calif. based chip giant climbed back up the rankings in the flash memory market in the third quarter, according to research firm isuppli, thanks to its pricing strategy.
3			inflation	trend	marketing	company	market	growth	competition	earnings	recession	industry			coca cola lowers long term growth targets the coca cola co. is forecasting weakness in its key markets next year and is scaling back its long term targets for earnings and sales volume growth.
2			baseball	hockey	sport	athlete	money	canada			stop that blame game adam van koeverden has a message for his fellow canadian athletes quit whining about circumstances you can 't control. you can 't fall into a corner and cry and say the canadian sports system has let me down. you have to do things for ...
4			entrepreneur	technology	tech	startup	innovation			startup takes new approach to server virtualization a little known, boston area startup is beta testing technology designed to let users quickly configure virtual multiprocessor systems out of inexpensive pc machines. called katana technology, the 30 person company has not yet revealed details of its upcoming product, but appears to have developed a novel approach to consolidating data center resources.
4			game	chip	hardware	technology	licensing	copyright	patent	linux			infineon and promos kiss and make up infineon and promos have finally ended a long running argument over licensing for dram chips. the two were part of a joint venture with mosel vitelic which ran from 1996.
4			computer	computing	technology	machine	robot	ibm	space	linux			ibm claims its supercomputer is world 's fastest the two year reign of the massive earth simulator as the fastest supercomputer in the world appears to be nearing an end. ibm executives on wednesday will announce that one of the new machines in its blue
4			computer	mobility	connectivity	ethernet	broadband	internet	networking	pcs	linux			intel cans grantsdale wlan plan the chip giant will now not ship the promised add in module which would allow pcs based on its i915 and i925 families of chipsets to operate as wlan access points, primarily to enable the sharing of broadband internet connections.
4			ethernet	technology	cisco	networking	patent	reliability	security	linux			cisco sees momentum in crs 1 sales executives at networking giant cisco systems say the company 's new crs 1 core internet router is ahead of revenue targets, just as the company announced on sunday a smaller version of the product.
4			electronics	statistics	computer	linux	manufacturing	intel	technology	apple	silicon	industry			update 4: intel raises 4th quarter sales forecast intel corp. 's fourth quarter sales are on track to break a company record as demand for the chips that power computers was stronger than originally expected in the weeks leading up to the holiday buying season.
2			indiana	baseball	chicago	basketball	sport	football	detroit	nba	indianapolis			pacers image hurting after brawl, charges for the indiana pacers, its been a long three weeks since a brawl with detroit fans scarred the image of what was once considered one of the nbas model franchises.
2			coaching	milton	statistics	basketball	sport	football	math	stats			powerful walpole runs past milton for milton, the loss of star running back dennis lynch translated into negative yards yesterday as walpole held the wildcats running game to minus 20 yards on 10 plays in the first half en route to a 24 0 bay state league victory. walpole's three pronged rushing attack of mike cuqua 96 yards, 1 touchdown , andrew denehy 8 rushes, 86 yards , ...
1			politics	democracy	greed	strategy	terrorism	money			murdoch: bolsters defense against news corp. takeover take two and don 't call me in the morning: rupert murdoch 's news corp. nyse: news people prescribed a poison pill defense strategy today to stave off a potential takeover from long time ally john malone.
4			computer	network	technology	broadband	internet	power	wireless	networking	speed			wireless net to get speed boost wireless computer networks could soon be running 10 times faster than they do now.
1			politics	controversy	democracy	race	bush	debate	change	money			kerry sees debate as chance to shed 'flip flop' label senator john kerry conceded today that the bush campaign had been particularly successful in portraying him as wobbly.
3			business	greed	profit	fraud	finance	bankruptcy	competition	money			krispy kreme stock tumbles amid probe u.s. securities regulators have ratcheted up their probe of krispy kreme doughnuts inc. , looking at its franchise repurchases, the company said on friday, triggering a slide of nearly 12 percent in its stock before the bell.
4			linux	specification	detail	hardware	technology	performance	architecture	pricing	availability	reliability			product previews cray taps linux for more affordable supercomputing trying to expand outside its traditional technical markets, cray on monday unveiled its first linux based supercomputer. the new cray xd1 series runs suse linux on amds opteron chip. the 64 bit system is organized as six two way smps that can deliver 58 gigaflops per chassis. the system can handle as many as six 3.5 inch serial ata drives and has a memory bandwidth of 12.8gb per smp. it also features four pci x bus slots and a dual port gigabit ethernet pci x card for as many as eight gigabit ethernet ports per chassis. pricing starts at $ 50,000 for a 12 processor chassis and goes to $ 2 million for a 288 processor configuration with two racks of 12 chassis each. xd1, cray
1			politics	diplomacy	unity	violence	negotiation	war	peace	sudan			sudan's main foes say peace deal imminent sudan's government and main rebel group are ready to clinch a final deal to end more than 20 years of war within days of talks resuming next week, spokesman for both sides said, a day before the un security council opens a rare meeting in nairobi on the country's peace process.
4			science	biotechnology	technology	research	physics			leading scientists to discuss research applications for ... as members of the united nations general assembly are soon to vote on the future of cloning research, possibly within days, leading scientists will be conducting a symposium discussion
4			chip	hardware	intel	technology	performance	silicon	security	linux			intel scraps plan for 4 ghz p4 chip bizpile writes it was reported earlier that intel would be delaying the release of their 4ghz pentium 4 chips, but it now appears that they will be cancelling them altogether.
4			computer	storage	technology	performance	networking	ibm	memory	speed	computing			ibm breaks computing speed barrier ibm announced that an ibm power5 tm processor based ibm eserver tm , running db2 universal database tm , has attained a milestone in computing history, soaring past the barrier of three million transactions per minute on the tpc c benchmark and setting
1			politics	election	polling	syria	iran	iraq	candidate	electoral	afghanistan			iraq election date announced iraq 's electoral commission has announced that elections in the country will go ahead on january 30, not january 27 as previously suggested.
2			coaching	baseball	basketball	defense	football	coach	offense			defense deservedly proud of its contribution florida state players are rapidly learning than an excellent defense can cover up a multitude of mistakes. the seminoles received yet another strong performance from their
4			security	hacking	privacy	technology	encryption	email	surveillance			briefly: sap taps search technology roundup plus: appeals court to rehear e mail snoop case...macromedia giving away flex...t mobile adds security measure to hot spots.
4			mobile	roaming	network	mobility	broadband	technology	telecom	wireless	telecommunication			t mobile in wi fi roaming pact t mobile has signed a deal with six international wireless carriers to provide its customers with access to wi fi hotspots around the world.
4			electronics	computer	manufacturing	hardware	software	technology	pcs	linux			ad campaign touts multimedia cards com september 22, 2004, 5:04 pm pt. with the economy slowly turning up, upgrading hardware has been on businesses radar in the past 12 months as their number two priority.
2			baseball	australia	soccer	sport	football	port			well, this really is it for port faithful as the roar of their fans swept over the port players in yesterday 's grand final parade, the enormity of the occasion finally hit.
4			coding	electronics	computer	hacking	technology	tech	robot			how's my coding? dial: 0800 666 700 cash'n'carrion user feedback from technodepot
2			coaching	baseball	statistics	espn	basketball	recruiting	football	player	coach			chamberlain among 20 cut by broncos tight ends byron chamberlain and jed weaver were among the 20 players cut by the denver broncos on sunday.
1			politics	election	controversy	history	kerry	strategy			kerry as the boss: always more questions but the downside to senator john kerry's deliberative style is that his campaign has often moved slowly.
1			politics	election	voting	race	shareholder	candidate	bankruptcy	change	corporation			raytheon seeks to change board election raytheon co. 's board of directors is recommending that shareholders approve annual elections for all board members to replace the current system of three year terms.
3			trend	china	price	sale	marketing	fashion	consumer	money	industry			gucci earnings surge as ysl cuts losses luxury goods maker gucci saw operating profit more than double in the second quarter thanks to higher sales and lower losses from its yves saint laurent brand, its owner french retailer pinault printemps redoute says.
4			mobile	network	cellular	privacy	broadband	technology	wireless	communication	telecommunication	carrier			update 1: verizon wireless to buy nextwave licenses verizon wireless is buying cellular capacity for 23 markets from bankrupt nextwave telecom inc. for $ 3 billion, ending the government 's long tug of war over the never used licenses and bolstering verizon against
4			manufacturing	chip	hardware	technology	performance	semiconductor	memory	silicon	security			after delays, 3 d memory chips get closer to market matrix semiconductor inc. is shipping samples of a new, cheaper memory chip that has been delayed by technological problems for nearly two years, the company said friday.
3			politics	business	marketing	growth	profit	competition	money			pepsico profit up, cuts jobs, shares rise pepsico inc. , the world 's no. 2 soft drink company, said on thursday quarterly profit rose due to $ 221 million in tax benefits and strong performances from its key frito
4			television	network	movie	technology	tv	video			i want my blinkx tv! television search engine i want my blinkx tv! television search engine blinkx today announced the availability of blinkx tv, the first search engine that allows you to search tv across news, sports and entertainment programming. blinkx is the first search engine to make such tv programs fully searchable on demand. because blinkx captures and ...
3			investing	technology	economics	company	stock	growth	energy	finance	money	industry			tech stocks end higher, oil prices climb us technology stocks gained on thursday after bellwether nokia raised its earnings forecast, but blue chips slipped as oil prices climbed almost $ 2 per barrel, increasing concerns about future corporate profits.
4			device	mobility	ethernet	hardware	usb	technology	networking	patent	security	linux			hypertransport consortium approves htx expansion spec the hypertransport technology consortium today announced the first hypertransport technology expansion connector specification. the new eatx motherboard daughtercard
4			dell	detail	hardware	technology	networking	availability	eclipse	linux			dell to offer suse linux based poweredge servers dell inc. and novell inc. announced wednesday an agreement between the two companies to distribute novell 's suse linux distribution preinstalled on single and dual processor dell poweredge servers.
4			product	software	privacy	technology	vulnerability	encryption	system	security	windows			mcafee unveils 2005 security suite security software maker has released updated versions of its offerings for home computer users.
4			computer	hardware	privacy	microsoft	technology	networking	ibm	security			ibm reportedly set to sell its personal computer business big blue might be ready to lose another key link to its hardware legacy.
2			baseball	television	nbc	network	espn	sport	cbs	football	abc	tv			abc breaks off negotiations with bcs abc has pulled its contract offer to the bowl championship series, a move that could result in three of college football 's biggest games moving to another network.
3			technology	company	finance	bankruptcy	patent	corporation	security	industry			dreamworks files for ipo with sec computer animation company dreamworks skg has filed with the u.s. securities and exchange commission for a $ 650 million initial public offering, applying to list on the new york stock exchange under the symbol dwa.
1			election	abortion	politics	democrat	democracy	voting	privacy	immigration	voter			a look at voting problems, election issues many states are facing legal challenges over possible voting problems nov. 2. a look at some of the developments tuesday and wednesday:
4			technology	company	internet	google	competition			sec gives final nod to google 's ipo san jose, calif. aug. 18, 2004 the securities and exchange commission granted final approval wednesday to the paperwork required for google inc. 's initial public offering, paving the way for the internet search giant to set a price for its shares and ...
2			ecuador	baseball	game	gaming	sport	football	chess	networking			photo 6 of 8: global gamers clash for cash $ 2.5 million in prize money is on the line as gamers from uzbekistan to ecuador compete in the world cyber games.
3			travel	business	car	shopping	fashion	drug	money	food			search engines get more specifics it 's no secret that savvy online travelers in search of the best deal on an airline ticket, hotel room or car rental have long followed smokey robinson 's admonishment: you d better shop around.
4			privacy	technology	growth	patent	google			google offering is delayed google's long awaited initial stock sale, which appeared imminent today, has been delayed while the company awaits final approval of its paperwork by the s.e.c.
2			mlb	baseball	game	espn	sport	technology	nfl	football			only game in town just when you thought espn videogames was catching up, in one move, they ve never been farther behind. electronic arts announced today an exclusive licensing agreement with the national football league and players inc.
2			baseball	sport	football	charlie	money			aiming to call his own shots it won't be long before speculation of charlie weis's future employment will begin trickling out. he is a fascinating figure an offensive coordinator who has worked for bill parcells and bill belichick, the guy who took tom brady to two super bowls in three years. weis had stomach surgery and nearly lost his life in the summer ...
3			business	cheating	bank	fraud	bankruptcy	accounting	money			nortel 's accounting under investigation nortel networks is under investigation by the royal canadian mounted police for irregularities in past accounting practices. announcement of the investigation two days before its release of first and second quarter financials caused ...
4			electronics	computer	electricity	safety	technology	switch	physics	accident	reliability			switches blamed for genesis crash faulty switches have been identified as the most likely cause of the genesis sample return capsule 's crash landing in utah, us, last month.
2			coaching	baseball	hockey	soccer	basketball	sport	training	skating			practice rink plans set a $ 42.8 million training facility for the capitals receives approval from the arlington county board on tuesday and will be built at the ballston common mall.
3			product	success	business	sale	finance	profit	strategy	logistics			update 1: carrefour 's profit up on robust operations carrefour, the world 's no. 2 retailer said wednesday that its profit increased 5.3 percent in the first half of the year, as robust international operations and lower finance costs helped it ride out tough conditions at its core french superstores.
2			doping	olympics	athletics	sport	football	scandal	athlete	iaaf	ethics			coach of disgraced greek sprinters claims iaaf charges groundless the coach of disgraced greek sprinters kostas kenteris and katerina thanou says iaaf charges against the athletes are groundless and will not result in a suspension, according to reports friday.
3			business	ceo	mr	investing	technology	company	finance	money	industry			van der moolen specialists ceo retires dutch investment firm van der moolen holding nv on friday said james p. cleaver jr. will retire as chairman and chief executive of van der moolen specialists usa llc at the end of the month.
4			technology	broadband	internet	telecommunication	transport	education			broadband increases its reach, says bt with broadband access an increasingly critical requirement in running a business, bt said as many as 78,000 more west midland homes and businesses will be brought within reach of its broadband service next month.
1			election	politics	democratic	democrat	democracy	voting	race	reconstruction	republican			election losses further erode once mighty democratic base in the new congress, only 4 of the 22 senators from the 11 states of the old confederacy will be democrats.
1			election	america	politics	history	democracy	washington	money			wall st. wants a quick, clean election it won 't be just a sigh of relief on wall street but an ovation if the us presidential election on tuesday produces a clear winner and avoids a repeat of the chaotic 2000 results.
4			industry	computer	technology	nec	japan	machine	ibm	computing	linux			ibm retakes top supercomputer rank as nec slips ibm , the world's biggest computer maker, has regained its position at the head of the top 500 list of supercomputer installations, dislodging rival nec corp. of japan, the company said on monday.
2			safety	sport	football	security	racism			readers give their versions of what happened it 's said that they were all there looked invisible to me. i do not agree with the suspensions being indefinite, 10 games
1			politics	abortion	election	democrat	democracy	republican	diversity			glance at gop platform in developing a party platform, republicans devoted much effort to the question of how to extend a welcome to party members who oppose the gop's stand against abortion and gay rights.
1			politics	election	democracy	voting	polling	poll	iran	candidate	afghanistan			vote counting starts in afghan election vote counting started yesterday in afghanistan 's landmark election, widely expected to install hamid karzai, the us backed interim leader, as the country 's first popularly chosen president.
1			politics	election	democrat	clinton	kerry	change	republican	mccain			democratic camp see winds of change boosting kerry democrat john kerry's campaign was declared a no gloat zone on friday after the white house challenger's debate against president bush but aides said winds of change had begun to blow through the race.
2			america	baseball	olympic	olympics	volleyball	basketball	sport			it 's not easy to step up after wallowing in nba our valiant little men 's national basketball team fought its big, beating heart out last night and came up just shy of a chance for the olympic enchilada.
2			baseball	basketball	sport	football	fashion	money			it's shaq's day modeling his new miami heat uniform, a slimmed down center shaquille o'neal promised to be a team leader during the organization's designated media day.
4			mobile	device	network	mobility	technology	ios	windows			o2 unveils two new xda models bolstering its xda product line, o2 unveils the xda iis and iii models both offering a vast array of advanced features including quad band gsm, bluetooth, wi fi, sdio and more.
3			product	inflation	buying	marketing	consumption	advertising	consumer	money	industry			consumer sentiment improves in november u.s. consumers have grown more cheerful so far this month as the hotly contested presidential election drew to a close and job prospects seemed to improve, according to a survey released on friday.
1			politics	election	campaign	war	strategy	advertising	money			campaigns spending little on web ads the presidential ad war online is beginning to look more like a skirmish.
4			network	mobility	ethernet	technology	nokia	siemens	wireless	telecommunication	networking			siemens sets wireless speed record with ofdm german electronics manufacturer siemens has set what it claims to be the fastest ever wireless connection. at its research lab in munich, siemens achieved a transmission speed of 1gbps by combining an intelligent
1			election	politics	alaska	democracy	voting	ballot	voter	fraud			alaska judge orders ballots reprinted a superior court judge on wednesday ordered the state to rewrite, reprint and redistribute all of its ballots for the nov. 2 election, saying the wording of a ballot initiative was inaccurate and biased...
4			mobile	motorola	mobility	technology	nokia	smartphone	ios	phone			product review: motorola mpx200 smartphone motorola's nyse: mot sleek and stylish mpx200 smartphone incorporates the productivity features of a windows mobile 2002 personal digital assistant even the ability to play mp3 files along with a gsm based mobile phone.
1			politics	race	greed	libel	money			ecclestone to sue stewart the fight to save the british grand prix is getting bitter. the most powerful man in formula one, commercial rights holder bernie ecclestone, issued libel proceedings yesterday
4			electronics	pc	dell	computer	hardware	technology	hp	pcs	computing	linux			dell angles for the best seat in the living room round rock, texas dell plans to continue expanding its stable of consumer electronics products and services throughout the rest of the year, looking to the gear to help it generate new customers and ultimately to sell more pcs.
2			medal	doping	olympics	athletics	sport	race	athlete	swimming			crawford sprints to gold shawn crawford leads an american 200m 1 2 3 amid extraordinary scenes in the olympic stadium.
1			politics	election	donation	finance	strategy	republican	money			republicans tap gimmicks to raise cash the republican national convention is officially president bush's party, but fellow gop candidates are not shy about using the days before the guest of honor's arrival to raise money for their own campaigns.
4			gaming	technology	evolution	security	linux			half life 2 launch details revealed spong last night received several sms messages at ungodly hours foretelling the launch of half life 2, rather a strange event for the release of a pc game.
4			computer	privacy	technology	storage	copyright	compensation	patent	memory	security			toshiba sues hynix semiconductor toshiba corp. on tuesday said it has sued hynix semiconductor japan inc., accusing the company of infringing on toshiba 's memory patents.
2			athens	boxing	doping	olympics	athletics	sport	athlete	swimming	cycling			el guerrouj, holmes stride into olympic history morocco's hicham el guerrouj and briton kelly holmes gave the athens games two of its greatest moments saturday by surging to victory on the athletics track and claim historic olympic doubles.
4			electronics	technology	telecom	broadband	communication	telecommunication	networking	industry			tellabs scales back afc buy the communications equipment maker scales back the size of its purchase of advanced fibre communications.
4			electricity	technology	broadband	internet	tv	phone			sbc joins the voip party the local phone giant going after young and wireless crowd in 2005 with internet phone plan.
1			politics	america	president	edward	money			edwards' down home style fills a gap for kerry democratic sen. john edwards wasn't born a millionaire, and he doesn't let voters forget that.
4			grid	application	network	collaboration	technology	infrastructure	patent	computing	linux			grid pioneers launch company the creators of the globus open source grid software formally launched software and services company univaon monday with the hopes of capitalizing on their work on grid computing.
4			electronics	radio	computer	timing	clock	technology	telecommunication	time			andrew kantor: cyberspeak ultra accurate clocks are all around us it's not just cell phones taking advantage of a time standard. the national institute of standards and technology nist in boulder, colo., sends out a radio signal that any properly equipped device in much of north america can pick up and use to set itself to the proper time.
4			mobile	mobility	technology	nokia	broadband	telecommunication	telephone	phone	number			mobile phone users double since 2000 p p p by robert evans p p geneva reuters mobile phone subscribers around the globe totaled nearly 1.5 billion by the middle of this year, about one quarter of the world's population, the international telecommunication union itu said on thursday. p
4			electronics	battery	television	demand	technology	tv	consumer	sony			sony lags behind demand for flat tv's sony is having trouble meeting soaring demand for flat televisions as its assembly lines did not gear up quickly enough.
4			network	privacy	technology	ip	networking	analytics	email			e voting: can it be trusted? com october 28, 2004, 1:15 pm pt. this priority retains its ranking at number five as more and more companies deploy web services to share business logic, data and processes with each other and with clients.
2			boxing	baseball	sport	race	football	gambling	wrestling	money	racing			us global's holmes mines commodity stocks frank holmes would have loved to become a boxer, but he hung up his gloves at an early age and took a jab at money management instead.
4			statistics	game	gaming	sale	software	technology	marketing	entertainment	industry			gamestop earnings up on software sales video game chain gamestop corp.'s second quarter earnings rose on strong sales.
1			politics	election	violence	democracy	war	peace	sudan	conflict	terrorism	genocide			ivory coast rebels agree to speed peace process ivory coast rebels renewed a pledge to speed up a peace initiative on friday, a day after the un security council threatened sanctions if the civil war 's belligerents
4			cable	network	privacy	broadband	technology	internet	networking	competition			high court to decide if rivals may use cable for web access the us supreme court said today it will hear argument on whether online cable access must allow rivals to use its equipment. the case could ultimately decide whether cable operators must allow use of their
4			pc	game	gaming	technology	everything			half life 2 gold almost hard to believe, but one of the most anticipated pc games of the decade is about to make impact... vivendi universal games vu games announced today that half life 2 had officially gone gold.
4			linux	collaboration	software	technology	standard	copyright	patent	industry			newly released lsb 2.0 gains powerful industry ally two non profit organizations devoted to promoting free and open source software standards have made a cooperative agreement. the free standards group fsg and the open source development labs osdl will
4			product	electronics	battery	manufacturing	trend	technology	aging	manufacturer	consumer	industry			cameras lead gadget price declines in october npd digital cameras led retail price declines in u.s. consumer electronics in october, as manufacturers looked to clear out older models ahead of the holiday shopping season, according to an industry study prepared for reuters.
1			election	politics	australia	asia	democracy	china	voting	polling	canada			voters head to the polls in australia election australians voted on saturday in an election which offered the choice between a conservative government that unreservedly backs the united states and its iraq war and a labor opposition seeking stronger ties in asia.
4			developer	application	programming	software	technology	microsoft	development	tool	windows			microsoft courts mainstream developers the software maker expands its visual studio line of developer tools.
4			electronics	computer	hardware	music	technology	storage	audio	linux			archos unveils 20gb ipod mini sized player french media player maker archos has launched what may the world 's smallest 20gb hard drive based music player. the gmini xs200 measures just 7.6 x 5.9 x 1.9cm and weighs 120g.
2			coaching	baseball	history	basketball	athletics	sport	soccer	recruiting	football	goal			stoneham takes next step despite being the globe's top ranked boys' soccer team the entire season, stoneham has had one goal: winning an elusive outright state championship.
4			computer	hardware	usb	technology	nec	multimedia	pcs	intel	computing	linux			nec develops multicore cell phone processor engineers at nec have developed a processor for cellular telephones that includes three arm processor cores in a single chip, a moved aimed at improving the multimedia capabilities of cell phones.
4			television	privacy	technology	broadband	internet	telecommunication	tv			fcc chief pushes tv via high speed internet lines us federal communications commission chairman michael powell on wednesday said technology and telecommunications companies are racing to develop ways to pipe television
3			business	ceo	doping	copyright	money			ex vivendi boss is fined 1 million euros french regulators fined vivendi universal quote, profile, research and its former ceo jean marie messier one million euros each on tuesday for
4			computer	device	technology	broadband	ip	internet	pcs	linux			amd introduces low cost internet device chip company advanced micro devices inc. on thursday rolled out a low cost internet device aimed at underserved markets around the world.
2			coaching	baseball	basketball	sport	money			gasol gets six more years to play for west, brown pau gasol has been in the nba for three seasons. that 's been long enough for the 7 foot spaniard to realize he wants to keep working with jerry west and hubie brown.
2			baseball	statistics	game	gaming	espn	soccer	sport	golf	football			take two sees higher sports prices for new consoles take two interactive software inc. on monday said that prices for its sports video games will likely return to higher levels once new game consoles arrive in late 2005 or 2006.
2			coaching	baseball	injury	basketball	sport	panther	nfl	football	cancer			panthers lose davis to knee injury panthers running back stephen davis will miss sunday's game at kansas city because of swelling in his knee that could sideline him two to five weeks.
3			manufacturing	technology	defense	company	finance	profit	strategy	aerospace	money	industry			general dynamics profit jumps 23 percent defense contractor general dynamics corp. gd.n: quote, profile, research on wednesday said third quarter earnings surged 23 percent, led by a big rebound in its aerospace segment.
4			science	india	china	technology	tech	innovation	space	industry			india expects jump in high tech imports india's space agency said thursday its removal from a u.s...
4			computer	fast	technology	broadband	internet	time	networking	speed			internet's speed increases as it turns 35 years old as the internet turned 35 last week, web speed demons claimed a new record for how fast data can be transmitted over computer networks, announcing they had sent the equivalent of a big fat dvd movie file from switzerland to california in a few seconds.
4			computer	game	linux	software	technology	robot	computing	industry			fudo is mad, farrell is bad this looks like the real beginning of the end for itanium. the workstation market is two fold. there are those that use workstations for computing tasks scientific, visualization, whatever and those that
4			computer	hacking	privacy	microsoft	technology	email	security	linux			cybersecurity chief abruptly resigns the government's cybersecurity chief has abruptly resigned after one year with the department of homeland security, confiding to industry colleagues his frustration over what he considers a lack of attention paid to computer security issues within the agency. amit yoran, a former software executive from symantec corp...
4			electronics	computer	ipod	music	technology	internet	fashion			cell phones take ipod challenge when gilles babinet looks at a cell phone, he sees a music store, an ipod and even a nascent platform for a tiny screened mtv. the curly haired parisian is the chairman and founder of musiwave, the company
4			rating	television	trend	technology	telecommunication	tv	industry			echostar earnings nearly triple in 3q satellite tv giant echostar communications corp. on tuesday reported its third quarter earnings nearly tripled as the parent company of dish network, the nation 's second largest satelite tv service, added about 350,000 new subscribers.
4			electronics	boeing	stealth	laser	technology	energy	weapon	gun			boeing wields a new laser according to a pentagon announcement issued friday, last week boeing nyse: ba successfully completed a test of one of the coolest weapons ever designed not their exact words .
4			quality	privacy	technology	innovation	apple	design	color			newsday columnist questions ipod photo 's focus newsday columnist stephen williams has penned an editorial review that questions the focus of apple 's new ipod photo. acknowledging the quality of the display
4			job	statistics	manufacturing	unemployment	technology	tech	labor	industry			tech services jobs increase new labor dept. report shows continued growth in computer related services jobs, while tech manufacturing positions fell.
2			coaching	soccer	winning	football	money			the gaffer has mellowed but his desire to win is still there i was dying to ask. how on earth do you survive 13 full years playing for, arguably, the most demanding manager this country has ever seen?
1			election	politics	democracy	europe	germany	immigration	france			french socialist vote boost for eu constitution france 's pro european socialists are jubilant after a party referendum on the eu constitution produced a solid majority for the treaty, boosting its chances to win approval in a national plebiscite next year.
4			computer	hardware	technology	cpu	performance	hp	memory	intel	linux			idc: amd captured 10 percent cpu share market research firm idc said on tuesday that advanced micro devices amd inc. grabbed nearly 10 percent of the cpu market with its athlon and opteron range.
2			vegas	baseball	magic	basketball	sport	football	money			shaq turns up heat at home shaquille o'neal made sure the arena was filled. dwyane wade took care of sending the record crowd home happy.
4			privacy	technology	solution	patent	litigation	ibm	security			broadcom, agere settle suit irvine based broadcom said yesterday that it has settled all of the company 's outstanding litigation with agere systems.
3			business	banking	stock	bank	finance	bankruptcy	wealth	money	capital			bank of america profit up 29 percent bank of america corp. bac.n: quote, profile, research , the no. 3 us bank, on thursday said third quarter profit rose 29 percent, helped by its purchase of fleetboston financial corp.
2			coaching	baseball	homecoming	volleyball	basketball	sport	recruiting	football	quarterback			unh faces tough task at villanova the university of new hampshire football team will have its hands full when it travels to villanova today for a pivotal atlantic 10 matchup.
4			computer	hacking	hacked	software	privacy	technology	security	windows			another brick in the firewall it's a sad state of affairs when the primary selling point of a new set of online software is we won't get hacked like everybody else. but that's the way of the windows world today.
3			business	price	marketing	company	market	ft	finance	growth	competition	industry			fedex raises outlook to $ 1 to $ 1.10 per share for quarter, full ... fedex corp. raised its earnings outlook monday, citing more business for its international, ground delivery and less than truckload services.
1			election	politics	war	democracy	kabul	corruption	iraq	terrorism	afghanistan			afghan warlords hunt for votes for the first time in its history, this desert town is showing off the trappings of democracy. campaign posters decorate storefronts, and the local leader, general abdul rashid dostum, has traded his military uniform for a dark suit and has hit the campaign trail.
4			authentication	hacking	privacy	technology	identity	fraud	security			online identity theft: many medicines, no cure anti phishing applications, smart cards, and new authentication technologies are vying for your support.
2			team	australia	statistics	match	rugby	sport	football	cricket			sa rugby set to score big with super 14 the super 12 will become a super 14 with additional teams in australia and south africa and the tri nations will be expanded to nine matches between the springboks, the wallabies and the all blacks.
4			linux	ethernet	wireless	technology	networking	intel	security	reliability			intel formally introduces tri mode wi fi chip as expected, intel introduced its tri mode wireless chip thursday with several software enhancements to the product to help improve security and reliability, it said during a webcast.
4			computer	grid	linux	network	technology	power	energy	computing	compute			sun foresees global pool of computing power seeking to boost its relevance, sun microsystems pursues the grid model of computing.
2			baseball	hockey	fan	sport	football	money	canada			fans learning to make do without nhl the nhl is disappearing right before our eyes, and the reason is simple.
2			baseball	game	olympic	olympics	sport	restaurant	competition	food	event			applebee 's: olympics ate our sales applebee 's international inc. shares fell more than 4 percent wednesday after the restaurant company reported weak august sales and said it expects the olympics will hurt sales for the first week of september.
2			baseball	team	bear	giant	cowboy	sport	packer	nfl	football			packers confident they will recover not even the chicago bears, the green bay packers favorite rented mule, red headed stepchild, and whipping boy rolled into one.
2			politics	baseball	cheating	basketball	sport	football	rumor			it's not easy to swallow brawled out yet? i guess we all are. we've all seen ron artest bolt off that table even more than we've seen flutie roll to his right. but the fallout from l'affaire auburn hills is enormous, and i don't just mean the south carolina clemson dust up that has resulted in each institution punishing itself by eschewing bowl bids.
3			trading	investor	investing	option	stock	market	finance	competition	money	security			stocks seen lower after greenspan u.s. stocks looked to open lower on thursday, a day after comments from fed chairman alan greenspan did little to inspire investors and after texas instruments inc. gave a mixed business forecast.
3			success	business	entrepreneur	management	growth	finance	money	leadership			entrepreneurs get by with a little help from their counselors boston entrepreneur philip guarino once thought that running a small enterprise would be a piece of cake. ''having an mba, i didn't think i'd need any direction, he said.
4			electronics	device	mobility	hardware	technology	nokia	power	phone	linux			latest tungsten t5 adds power, resolution palmone quote, chart , maker of the lower priced zire handheld and the treo smartphone, unveiled the tungsten t5 handheld monday, which adds heaps of memory and an intel 416mhz xscale processor.
1			politics	election	radio	democracy	talk	technology	ireland	terrorism	listening			sf bringing bug device to talks sinn fein has said its delegation will bring the listening device found in its belfast headquarters to leeds castle in kent where the political parties will assemble for talks.
4			computer	hacking	nhs	technology	email	computing	linux			nhs 6.2bn computer system probed government spending watchdog, the national audit office, is to investigate a 6.2bn programme to install a computer system at the nhs.
4			electronics	chip	collaboration	biotechnology	technology	innovation	silicon	industry			techbrief: chip firms invest in nanotech advanced micro devices and infineon technologies, which already have chip plants in dresden, plan to invest e170 million over the next five years in a center for nanotechnology research there.
1			politics	election	democrat	gov	race	republican	money			corzine says he'll run for n.j. governor sen. jon corzine called new jersey's 21 democratic county chairmen on wednesday, telling them that he will run for governor, several party sources said.
3			history	statistics	business	company	growth	research	money	earnings	industry			merck sees 05 earnings decline, stock up merck co. inc. mrk.n: quote, profile, research , reeling from the recent withdrawal of its vioxx arthritis drug, on wednesday said 2005 earnings will decline to
2			politics	olympic	olympics	sport	london	football	money			100m profit for london olympics, but paris favourite london 's 2012 olympic bid could make a profit of 100 million which would be ploughed back into grassroots sport, it emerged today, while a strong paris bid launched yesterday, stressing
4			electronics	computer	chip	technology	tech	innovation	money	silicon			amd: feeling chipper in a rough year for semi stocks, advanced micro devices has thrived. is there more room to run? new york cnn money tech stocks have had a nice year end rally but that hasn 't been enough to pull the chip sector out of the red.
1			election	politics	war	democracy	violence	chaos	iran	terrorism	afghanistan			tense silence envelops afghan campaign voters and analysts fear that ballot box clash of karzai and rival candidate from different ethnic group could bring disaster.
3			revenue	business	sale	technology	marketing	commerce	finance	gateway	logistics			gateway posts operating profit personal computer maker gateway inc. gtw.n: quote, profile, research on thursday posted its first operating profit in nearly three years as its retail strategy
4			hacking	threat	software	privacy	hacker	protection	technology	vulnerability	security	linux			red hat ups security for enterprise linux 3 red hat enterprise linux 3 update 3 limits how much damage a hacker could do. the company said the release is ahead of schedule and not a reaction to any specific threat.
4			electronics	virus	safety	privacy	biotechnology	technology	drug	security			rfid tags: the people say no cnet recently ran a report on companies with technologies that involve implanting rfid chips under people 's skin or inside a bracelet.
4			electronics	biotechnology	technology	finance	advertising	innovation	patent			veteran inventor in market float trevor baylis, the veteran inventor famous for creating the freeplay clockwork radio, is planning to float his company on the stock market.
3			business	sale	car	marketing	retail	advertising	drug	consumer	money	industry			gus says argos outperforms retail group gus says like for like sales at its key argos chain outstripped the market in the first half as sales of consumer electronics and leisure goods shone.
4			electronics	arm	computer	device	chip	hardware	technology	apple	patent			arm 's new chip aims beyond cell phones com october 19, 2004, 12:21 pm pt. arm holdings is moving beyond its portable device niche and is looking to move into the broader digital products category with a new family of chips.
4			computer	hacking	chip	privacy	technology	biotechnology	patent	cancer	healthcare			fda: chip implant can be used to get health records a computer chip that is implanted under the skin won u.s. approval on wednesday for use in helping doctors quickly access a patient's medical history.
4			network	connectivity	ethernet	technology	ip	cisco	networking	switch	linux			cisco, fujitsu team on high end routers the cisco fujitsu alliance will benefit from cisco 's leadership in ip technology and fujitsu 's edge in networking products.
4			infringement	technology	semiconductor	japan	copyright	patent	silicon	security	industry			toshiba sues hynix for patent infringement toshiba is taking action to protect its patents. the japan based company has accused hynix semiconductor of violating seven patents in the united states, including ones for dram, and three flash memory patents in japan.
4			product	electronics	research	technology	innovation	patent	rs	industry			right products for demanding markets ritdisplay corporation is one of the top three oled makers in the world. the company provides the right technology for innovative knowledge, the right time for real time competitiveness and the right products for customer satisfaction.
4			computer	chip	intel	technology	power	money	silicon	security			does intel still hold the high ground? there 's been a fair amount of debate recently about whether amd or intel is winning the ever present chip arms race. based on the experience of this year 's intel developer forum idf , i m not sure that intel can still claim to be in the lead.
2			coaching	boxing	statistics	sport	management	football	training	coach	tactic			robinson wants to break free there are two ways to go as an acting england head coach: either you sit back and let your track record do the talking or you grasp the bull by the horns and shout your ambitions to the skies.
4			electronics	battery	technology	nokia	tech	innovation	phone	industry			japan 's phones are the coolest and have the skimpiest profits with their home market saturated, japan 's handset makers finally look abroad. meanwhile, margins have plunged. when ntt docomo dcm unveiled its latest third generation mobile phones on nov. 17, gadget lovers were not disappointed.
3			trend	technology	economics	company	tech	stock	growth	finance	money	industry			stocks rise as oil slips, tech rallies u.s. stocks rose in a broad based advance on friday morning, as oil prices eased, data showed factory activity last month met economists' estimates and technology shares extended recent gains.
2			faith	coaching	espn	basketball	sport	boston	football	ryan	quarterback			it's one for all for bc matt ryan had arrived at a conference room adjacent to the visitor's locker room at lincoln financial field to meet the press saturday after boston college's 34 17 big east victory over temple in philadelphia.
4			electronics	india	china	privacy	digital	technology	innovation	research			hp to open research center in south korea over the next five years, the company will spend $ 40 million on its new lab, which will focus on the digital home.
1			election	america	politics	campaign	democracy	people	religion	god	money			more smaller groups airing political ads just about everybody wants to have their say in this presidential election. from evangelical preachers who claim god is not a republican or a democrat to the anti abortion catholics against kerry, political advertising by smaller groups, and individuals in some cases, is popping up across the country.
4			processor	computer	intel	technology	power	performance	silicon	linux			transmeta ships 90 nm processor transmeta last week announced it had started shipping limited quantities of its x86 compatible efficeon tm8800 processor, a low powered cpu fabbed on 90 nanometer silicon.
1			politics	governance	government	democracy	leadership	management	transparency	ethics	privatization			sec proposes plan to strengthen governance at stock exchanges federal regulators on tuesday proposed a plan to strengthen governance at the nation 's stock exchanges and move them toward separating their self policing function from their business operations to ensure that they serve investors interest.
4			electronics	bmw	manufacturing	mobility	technology	nokia	siemens	car	semiconductor	silicon			freescale wins 200 mln euro siemens supply deal freescale semiconductor inc. has won a long term contract worth more than 200 million euros $ 246 million to supply car components to siemens, the companies said on monday.
2			boxing	doping	basketball	athletics	sport	football	athlete	swimming	tennis			athletics: a satisfying double distance twist athens nawal el moutawakel, the first moroccan to win an olympic gold medal, was in the mixed zone, avoiding interviews as deftly as she used to avoid hurdles, but then tonight el moutawakel was a fan instead of a star.
2			baseball	history	statistics	record	sport	football	scoring			for the record correction: a correction in thursday's paper gave incorrect scores for two high school football games. brockton defeated bc high, 12 8, and durfee beat barnstable, 14 13.
4			product	application	software	technology	patent	availability			rightnow completes the suite rightnow technologies is spreading its wings by years end with the introduction of rightnow crm 7.0, an integrated crm suite that builds on rightnows e services framework. to the companys already strong customer support and marketing tools, crm 7.0 adds an sfa application. the suite will be available in a hosted implementation or for on premise deployment.
4			mobile	windows	pc	computer	hardware	technology	microsoft	nokia	computing	linux			microsoft takes lead in software for handhelds microsoft corp. is no longer an also ran in the market for handheld computer software. for the past three months, gadgets running the software giant's windows mobile operating system outsold palm handhelds, finally overtaking a rival that first popularized the electronic datebook organizers in the mid 1990s.
2			britain	england	rugby	sport	football	cricket			don 't rule it out completely incredulity and bewilderment greeted today 's suggestion that rugby 's world cup winning coach clive woodward might be england 's next football saviour.
3			revenue	sale	technology	profit	hp	productivity	money	industry			hp reports 27 rise in quarterly profits san francisco: hewlett packard co said on tuesday its quarterly profit rose 27 as the computer and printer maker saw record revenues in every business and every region and fixed problems with its server and storage unit, sending shares higher by 8.
2			coaching	tampa	pittsburgh	baseball	atlanta	espn	basketball	sport	football	stadium			chucky gets horrific reception tampa bay buccaneers coach jon gruden returned to network associates coliseum on sunday. the stadium is the place he first became a coach.
3			product	business	acquisition	technology	company	russia	ukraine	strategy	industry			isonics shares soar on new unit news isonics corp. shares soared nearly 38 percent on monday following news late friday that the company formed a unit to focus on homeland security and defense products and named vice chairman boris rubizhevsky as president of the new group.
1			election	america	politics	history	democracy	washington	strategy	leadership			leaders jostle to shape agenda for a new term president bush 's electoral victory was greeted internationally on wednesday with a mixture of praise, disappointment and pragmatic resignation as world leaders jostled
2			coaching	baseball	espn	volleyball	basketball	sport	defense	football	duke	tennis			top 25 college basketball shelden williams finished with 23 points, 14 rebounds and seven blocks to lead seventh ranked duke to an 88 55 win over illinois chicago at cameron indoor stadium.
4			revenue	software	technology	microsoft	performance	finance	efficiency	windows			microsoft upgrades navision erp suite the vendor says the upgraded software is easier to use and helps companies control finances. by laurie sullivan. microsoft on monday announced the first major upgrade to the enterprise resource planning suite it acquired when it bought navision in 2002.
4			asia	india	china	software	microsoft	technology	industry			microsoft showcases technology initiatives new delhi, nov. 16: microsoft chief steve ballmer today asked the indian government to spend more on information technology it while showcasing the software giants efforts to promote technology in the country.
4			computer	hacking	intelligence	business	privacy	technology	greed	strategy	money	security			agencies find what they're looking for while the high profile battle between the major search engines that scour the web rages on, convera corp. in northern virginia has quietly carved out a niche for itself: selling software that helps u.s. and foreign intelligence agents search their databases.
4			electronics	flash	device	technology	evolution	performance	innovation	memory	silicon			amd talks up hybrid flash memory design advanced micro devices inc. amd plans to develop flash memory chips that blend the best characteristics of the two dominant flash memory architectures, the company announced.
2			boxing	history	statistics	giant	baseball	espn	basketball	sport	nfl	football			this year's giants looking like last season's ceding control of the game after a handful of plays, the giants went tamely to their fifth successive defeat.
4			network	technology	broadband	internet	rs			sbc offers wi fi service to dsl users for 1.99 mo sbc communications inc. said on monday it would offer access to its network of 3,900 public wi fi internet access points to its high speed internet subscribers for 1.99 per month.
3			trading	trend	speculation	investing	company	stock	growth	finance	money			stocks end high on jobless claims report stocks rose modestly in uninspired trading thursday as investors looked past a mix of economic data and falling profit forecasts from from google inc.
4			arm	china	technology	energy	money	security	industry			arm reaches out to buy artisan arm holdings, the uk microchip designer, has agreed to buy american technology firm artisan components in a cash and shares deal worth 500 million, although some analysts fear it may have dug too deep.
4			computer	hacking	ethernet	hardware	technology	networking	ibm	computing	linux			hardware news brought to you by ibm amd announced last thursday that it has launched an initiative to give 50 percent of the world 's population internet connectivity and computing capabilities by 2015, revolving around
4			computer	hacking	business	software	technology	tech	finance	money	security			a motive for it spending it 's been a tough recession for tech spending and a tough summer for tech stocks. but a texas software outfit might give investors a reason to get back in the market.
4			mobile	network	cellular	technology	wireless	communication	telecommunication	networking	industry			new treo and more unveiled at ctia ctia stands for the cellular telecommunications and internet association. each year they host two shows for the industry. this week is their fall wireless it and entertainment expo in san francisco.
3			revenue	trend	finance	profit	advertising	competition	money	pr			omnicom profit beats wall street view omnicom group on tuesday reported a quarterly profit that outpaced wall street expectations as the no. 1 advertising group added high profile accounts and benefited from increased global ad spending.
4			electronics	computer	network	ethernet	technology	internet	networking			optical networking: the next generation forget internet2. the national lambdarail is the most ambitious network research project going. but can it save the optical networking industry?
2			olympics	sport	race	london	football	immigration	racism			london 2012: up and running coe sticks knife into madrid olympics ... he changed his speech to say a british olympics would showcase our ethnic diversity and tolerance a swipe at madrid 's race hate soccer shame.
4			computer	hacking	privacy	technology	broadband	internet	telecommunication	pcs	phone			internet based phone service delivers quality calls, low prices those who ve been around the internet for a few years probably remember trying out pc based telephony solutions that rarely connected, and when they did, sounded like bad cb
3			trading	speculation	technology	company	tech	stock	market	competition	industry			wall st. seen mixed; peoplesoft seen up wall street stocks were expected to open mixed on friday, with technology stocks gaining ground led by peoplesoft inc but blue chips held back by a profit warning from alcoa inc.
1			election	politics	bribery	conspiracy	democracy	corruption	scandal	fraud	terrorism			karzai's opponents claim fraud in election afghans packed polling stations on saturday for a historic presidential election that was blemished when all 15 candidates opposing u.s. backed interim president hamid karzai withdrew, charging the government and the u.n. with fraud and incompetence...
4			computer	computing	linux	hardware	technology	performance	networking	security	server			amd gives details on dual core opteron advanced micro devices has given out more details on its fortcoming dual core microprocessor chip. the opteron based design is said to be 30 55 percent faster than amd 's single core chips, but it will fit in existing server designs.
4			computer	pc	intel	technology	innovation	silicon	security	linux			intel demos dual core chip at idf intel kicked off its intel developer forum idf this week with a keynote speech from paul otellini, president, intel corp. otellini said, pc industry is about to go through a major change in the way client
2			baseball	espn	basketball	sport	football	maryland	vs	competition			terps get first test the no. 22 maryland women's basketball team faces its first big test of the season friday when the terrapins play no. 2 louisiana state at 7 p.m. in the coors classic.
4			ibm	computer	technology	microsoft	database	patent	security	linux			sybase partners with ibm to sell database software sybase inc. said on tuesday that it will partner with hardware vendor ibm to market its linux database software, potentially dealing a blow to sun microsystems, another long standing partner.
3			politics	property	share	business	india	investing	power	ownership	oil	wealth			anil will speak when necessary reliance industries vice chairman anil ambani broke his silence on thursday. but not to comment on the ownership issue raised by elder brother and chairman mukesh ambani.
4			algorithms	computer	memory	hardware	quantum	atom	computing	physics			atomic register offers route to quantum computing the fundamental memory component of a quantum computer has been built for the first time using a string of atoms. this could offer a more reliable way to build a working quantum computer than other techniques, suggest researchers.
1			politics	nigeria	violence	democracy	corruption	conflict	change	africa			every reform has its limits again, nigeria walks the path of conflict that is not only unnecessary and avoidable, it is potentially harmful and disruptive to the nations social, economic and political stability.
3			job	business	ceo	greed	profit	strategy	bankruptcy	money			us airways to cut hundreds of jobs us airways group inc. plans to eliminate hundreds of management and nonunion jobs and cut top executives pay by between 5 and 10 percent, the airline told its employees yesterday.
4			computer	hardware	intel	technology	semiconductor	pcs	silicon	computing	linux			freescale announces dual core powerpc processor while much has been made of efforts by advanced micro devices inc. and intel corp. to bring dual core processors to pcs and servers, freescale semiconductor inc.
4			security	virus	hacking	surveillance	privacy	technology	encryption	phone			virus protection for cell phones on the way anti virus protection will ship later this month with some new phones in japan, a harbinger of cellular threats to come. security products are already available for handheld
2			politics	crowd	game	olympics	soccer	sport	football	stadium	attendance	pride			sold out signs going up at games events in the midst of the heaving throng of more than 100,000 who turned out in athens to welcome home the victorious greek soccer team last month, someone asked how athens would deal with the crowds during the olympics.
4			network	connectivity	ethernet	technology	ip	cisco	telecommunication	networking	switch			cisco, fujitsu to collabrate on high end routers fujitsu and cisco systems announced that they have reached a fundamental agreement to enter into a strategic alliance focusing on routers and switches that will enable service providers and enterprises to build advanced internet protocol ip networks.
4			developer	software	technology	evolution	development	innovation	networking	security			firefox developers riding the wave the publicity avalanche surrounding firefox continues unabated. profiles developers at the forefront of the firefox developer movement and explains how some crafty developers are taking advantage
3			business	investor	investment	investing	bloomberg	money	capital			metlife seen near sale of hub invest unit metlife inc. is in late stage negotiations to sell one of boston's oldest investment firms, state street research management co., to another new york financial giant, blackrock inc., according to two executives briefed on the talks.
4			computer	linux	unix	technology	system	ibm	reliability	security	server			ibm launches 64 way power5 unix servers without a question, the regatta family of power4 and power4 servers put ibm corp 's unix business in high gear. just as unix leaders sun microsystems inc and hewlett packard co were struggling with product
4			wikipedia	computer	network	web	technology	internet	networking	email			web turns 35, but still work in progress thirty five years after computer scientists at ucla linked two bulky computers using a 15 foot gray cable, testing a new way for exchanging data over networks, what would ultimately become the internet remains a work in progress.
4			manufacturing	technology	performance	apple	innovation	semiconductor	silicon	intel	linux			intel shifts to next gen strained silicon intel corp. will shift to a second generation strained silicon technique within its forthcoming 65 nanometer process technology, the company will announce on monday.
3			business	acquisition	shareholder	company	stock	profit	corporation	merger			merger delivers princely profit for digitalnet insiders usually when stockholders get a proxy statement in the mail, it means management of the company they have invested in wants their vote on something approval of a merger, perhaps, or electing board members at the next shareholders meeting.
3			trading	trade	investor	investing	stock	market	knight	money	security			knight trading forecasts 3q loss major nasdaq stock trader says it will miss wall street expectations due to low trading volumes. new york reuters knight trading group inc.
1			election	politics	democrat	voting	polling	voter	money			vote swaps revamped for 2004 if you'd like to vote for a third party candidate, but don't want to cost the democrats or republicans the election, take heart. sites are cropping up to allow voters in swing states to swap votes with people in non swing states. by joanna glasner.
4			computer	hardware	software	technology	computing	linux			pdas incorporate barcode scanning, voip zdnet 's survey of it professionals in october kept upgrading hardware at number two on the businesses radar throughout the year.
1			election	politics	government	democracy	china	corruption	party			china party chief rules out multi party democracy chinese communist party chief hu jintao ruled out multi party democracy on wednesday on the eve of a key meeting aimed at tightening the party's grip on power.
3			security	business	privacy	technology	marketing	money	ethics			enter your e mail: lycos europe has found an attractive, but controversial, way to generate buzz about its business give common folk the power to attack spammers.
2			baseball	team	statistics	hockey	soccer	athletics	sport	football			boys' top 20 following is the globe top 20 in emass for boys' soccer. no. team record last 1. stoneham 14 0 1 1 2. framingham 10 0 5 2 3. hingham 15 0 2 6 4. weymouth 10 1 4 4 5. medford 10 3 2 13 6. woburn 10 2 2 10 7. newton north 10 4 2 5 8. everett 10 3 2 2 9. lincoln sudbury 12 1 2 7 10. dartmouth 14 1 0 9 11. bc high 7 1 6 ...
1			politics	election	violence	democracy	war	revenge	terrorism	torture			dup warned over indefinite procrastination inflexible demands from the democratic unionist party for verifiable photographic evidence of ira arms decommissioning may scupper any deal to win a final agreement on power sharing, sinn fein leader gerry adams has warned.
4			privacy	technology	company	internet	finance	google	money			auction for shares in google's ipo may end today google inc.'s initial public offering took a major step forward as the company notified investors that today may be their last chance to submit, withdraw or change bids in the unusual 3 billion electronic auction for stock in the internet giant.
2			scotland	statistics	soccer	celtic	sport	club	football			celt 's euro dream is over the curtain closed on celtic 's european dream for another season after the bhoys were held to a 0 0 draw at home to milan with the result meaning that shakhtar donetsk, who won their
4			computer	technology	power	performance	time	energy	speed			intel gives up its need for speed to focus on power at last it looks as if the computer industry 's obsession with speed, as measured by megahertz alone, is coming to an end. first amd stopped using the precise megahertz rating of its cpu chips as a selling point.
4			job	car	technology	machinery	power	equipment	money	tool			black decker gets ok to buy tools unit black decker corp. received regulatory approval for its $ 775 million cash acquisition of pump maker pentair inc. 's tools group, and expects the deal to close in early october, the power tools maker said wednesday.
4			computer	usb	technology	privacy	storage	networking	pcs	computing	linux			seagate ships 400gb pc hard disk drive hard disk drive maker seagate technology llc has started shipping a drive targeted at personal computers that offers 400gb of storage space, it said tuesday.
4			cluster	collaboration	software	technology	networking	computing	linux			linux cluster firms draw investors two companies specializing in linux based cluster systems for high performance computing have drawn the interest of investors, giving each a substantial financial boost.
4			product	mercury	application	engineering	manufacturing	technology	automation	testing	test			mercury interactive unveils a tool to let users, not just it, test applications in an effort to reduce the cycle time between application design and testing and when the application is put into production, mercury interactive introduced this week mercury business process testing. the application will be part of the mercury quality center suite of applications.
4			computer	hacking	software	privacy	technology	encryption	fraud	security			ftc hopes to shut down spyware creator the federal trade commission wants to shut down software that it says, hijacks computers without the owners knowledge.
1			election	politics	democracy	parliament	iran	iraq	terrorism	afghanistan			karzai pledges new government style in a bbc interactive forum, afghan interim president hamid karzai pledges a new form of inclusive government if elected.
3			president	hotel	business	ceo	management	marketing	finance	money	leadership			starwood names heyer ceo white plains starwood hotels resorts worldwide inc. named steven j. heyer as its new chief executive officer. he will succeed company founder barry s. sternlicht effective oct. 1. heyer is currently president
4			politics	electricity	privacy	technology	communication	telecommunication	telephone	money	phone			phone company replies to man 28 years later a romanian man 's had a reply from the country 's state phone company 28 years after asking them to install a phone. gheorghe titianu from the northern town of suceava said he was delighted when he saw the letter. however, the letter was simply ...
4			computer	business	software	technology	marketing	automation	robot	industry			sales force automation back in the spotlight in the hype of the crm boom a few years ago, sales force automation software seemed largely forgotten. though not quite a dinosaur, it certainly was not a hot topic.
3			closure	business	privacy	technology	money			sco 's answer to on hold the sco group inc. is reconsidering its plans to launch an alternative to the web site that had been scheduled to go live this week, a company spokeswoman said monday.
4			network	connectivity	ethernet	technology	communication	cisco	telecommunication	networking	switch			cisco intros service routers cisco systems today announced a new line of integrated services routers, the industrys first routers to deliver secure, wire speed data, voice, video and other advanced services to
3			brand	product	trend	germany	marketing	fashion	competition	design			hilfiger to acquire lagerfeld brands tommy hilfiger corp. announced monday that it has reached an agreement to purchase german designer karl lagerfelds brands for an undisclosed cash amount.
2			baseball	espn	basketball	volleyball	sport	acc	football	softball	tennis			terps open acc tournament the no. 7 seeded terrapin volleyball team begins its acc championship defense tonight in charlottesville, va., against no. 10 seed wake forest.
4			electronics	computer	manufacturing	technology	semiconductor	networking	ibm	silicon	computing			ibm perks up memory, transistors ibm is tweaking its semiconductor technology to help extend the performance of its servers and enterprise pcs, the company said monday.
1			election	politics	history	war	democracy	terrorism	afghanistan			afghanistan 's election: us, allies must fulfill long term ... afghanistan 's election had problems ranging from delible ink to untrained poll workers, but those flaws did not tarnish the remarkable accomplishment of a nation, which only three years ago was under control of the oppressive taliban, holding its first
4			processor	detail	hardware	technology	evolution	performance	intel	linux			amd: dual core tech accelerates opteron by more than 30 percent amd used the fall processor forum to provide more details about its dual core opteron architecture which is scheduled to be released by mid of 2005.
4			application	collaboration	technology	microsoft	windows			microsoft, polycom work on collaboration apps companies to create real time, rich media collaboration for windows messenger users and later for office live meeting users.
4			issue	technology	solution	problem	challenge	optimization			getting around search engine optimization roadblocks getting around search engine optimization roadblocks today, i will cover the most difficult technologies and techniques to work with. while each of these technologies, techniques and designs have a useful purpose for web designers, webmasters and general office staff tasked with keeping the site up to date, they each also present problems ...
4			cable	television	network	technology	broadband	telecommunication	tv			sbc to sell cable like tv service sbc communications on wednesday became the second major local phone carrier to unveil plans to offer cable like television services.
3			inflation	trend	sale	marketing	market	retailer	growth	retail	money	earnings			update 7: wal mart 3q earnings rise on higher sales wal mart stores inc., the world 's largest retailer, reported a 12.7 percent rise in its third quarter earnings, meeting wall street expectations.
1			election	politics	israel	democracy	palestinian	immigration	corruption	voter	religion			palestinians start drive for voters palestinians launched a registration drive saturday among 1.8 million eligible voters ahead of long overdue elections, but few heeded the call and apathetic residents said they have little faith in the electoral process.
2			baseball	hockey	nhl	trade	sport	football	player	canada			lightning defenseman brad lukowich signs to play in chl brad lukowich went from the stanley cup champions to the central hockey league on monday. the tampa bay lightning defenseman signed to play with the fort worth brahmas because the nhl has been shut down due to a labor dispute.
2			baseball	retirement	basketball	sport	football			ankiel throws scoreless inning for cards rick ankiel walked off the mound after throwing a scoreless inning and was met with a rousing reception of high fives and slaps on the back. after more than three years away, the st...
4			industry	application	linux	software	technology	microsoft	patent	windows			microsoft courts mainstream developers com september 13, 2004, 6:00 am pt. this fourth priority 's main focus has been improving or obtaining crm and erp software for the past year and a half.
3			politics	agriculture	trade	business	economics	marketing	commerce	finance	money			bush picks kellogg ceo for commerce post president bush on monday chose carlos gutierrez, a native of cuba who rose from truck driver to chief executive officer of kellogg co., to be secretary of commerce.
1			election	politics	democrat	florida	voting	bush	voter	republican	georgia			review finds fla. counties voted for bush a newspaper's review of ballots cast in three north florida counties where registered democrats heavily outnumber republicans showed just what officials reported: the counties' voters did on election day as they often do, voting for a republican for president.
4			computer	intelligence	learning	software	technology	evolution	ai	education			software tutors offer help and customized hints broadly defined, an intelligent tutoring system is educational software containing an artificial intelligence component.
3			share	acquisition	privacy	shareholder	company	stock	corporation	money			martha stewart omnimedia shares soar martha stewart living omnimedia inc. stock jumped to its highest level in nearly four years on friday following a steady climb spurred by kmart holding corp.
2			boxing	baseball	yankee	bat	sport	football	money			yanks show visitors no shelter the yankees finally played ball last night, taking advantage of an opponent that looked as if it had spent the whole day sitting in ballparks, on buses and in an airplane.
4			computer	chip	technology	nokia	pcs	intel	computing	linux			amd introduces new chip for notebook computers us chipmaker amd on monday introduced a faster mobile chip, athlon 64 processor 3000, for thin and light notebook computers. the new chip enables a powerful 32 bit computing
2			boxing	sport	wrestler	wwe	wrestling			belarus wrestler brawls after defeat the ano liossia olympic hall looked more like madison square garden yesterday when olympic freestyle wrestling took on more of a wwe flavour.
1			politics	election	diplomacy	democracy	peacekeeping	crisis	corruption	globalization	leadership			un chief names troubleshooter the un secretary general chooses his new chief of staff to help reform the world body at a difficult stage.
4			network	ethernet	technology	internet	switching	networking	switch	linux			prosafe smart switch the prosafe smart switch line from netgear is positioned between their unmanaged and fully managed switches and offers basic web browser based management capabilities primarily for small to medium sized businesses.
4			hacking	network	ethernet	worm	technology	broadband	internet	networking	intel	linux			intel suggests upgrading internet to intelnet intel is working on ways to upgrade the internet with a new layer of technology that could help the network detect and warn of worm attacks on its own and re route network traffic to avoid delays.
4			wikipedia	web	technology	internet	content			macromedia looks to extend web conferencing macromedia is looking to bring web conferencing to the masses by making its breeze live hosted service available on a pay as you go basis instead of requiring a subscription.
2			politics	baseball	patriot	sport	football	money			patriots once again beasts of afc east: clinch title in ugly win ... the patriots stats, news steamroller has yet to meet an obstacle it can 't obliterate. job hunting coordinators. allegedly vengeful running backs.
4			processor	computer	manufacturing	chip	hardware	intel	technology	silicon	linux			intel shows chip roadmap intel has disclosed new technologies that will feature in its chips in the next few years. the firm demonstrated a dual core version of its itanium 64bit processor, and announced plans for a new management
4			network	technology	broadband	internet	telecommunication			fcc approves broadband over power line rules as part of its goal to promote access to broadband services for all americans and to encourage new facilities based broadband platforms, the federal communications commission today adopted changes to part 15 of its rules to encourage the development of
3			statistics	trade	manufacturing	business	trend	sale	marketing	company	growth	industry			businesses' inventories, sales rise in july businesses saw inventories rise in july as sales picked up, the government reported wednesday.
4			computer	technology	power	time	innovation	linux			dell looking 'more seriously than ever' at amd ceo kevin rollins hints that computer maker's usage of advanced micro devices' processors is now more a question of when, not if.
1			politics	election	israel	violence	democracy	peace	terrorism	security			bush calls on israel to freeze settlements president george w. bush called on israel yesterday to enforce a freeze in the settlements and to end the daily humiliation of the palestinians, and told the palestinians that a commitment to democratic reform is essential to resolving the
4			security	stealth	intelligence	privacy	technology	sensor	ai	surveillance			case study: sensing out danger rae systems believes the government could do more to exploit sensor tools.
3			revenue	ceo	business	technology	company	growth	profit	money			jack in the box profit surges 32 percent jack in the box inc. on wednesday said profit for its latest quarter soared 32 percent as sales rose sharply, operating margins improved and the tax rate sank.
4			computer	business	software	technology	microsoft	finance	patent	security	linux			red hat goes mainstream to cap new cfo open source champion red hat has taken its new cfo from the traditional business world. charles peters, who becomes executive vice president and cfo of the linux based firm, has a solid background as a qualified
4			linux	chip	price	intel	technology	performance	silicon	reliability			intel to maintain 775 pin p4 prices to 2005 report despite proximity of faster, cheaper amd rivals
4			computer	television	gaming	technology	tv	phone			worried about missing your favorite show? just pull out your cell ... texas instruments, a company well known for its calculators, says it has developed a computer chip that will let television fans watch their favorite shows on cellular phones.
4			linux	privacy	technology	networking			editorial: changing times, changing pda a consistent theme among many people in pda forums around the internet lately has been that palm os based pdas are not making the effort to cater to the need for more useful features for example, there is only one current pda model that includes wifi
1			politics	election	beijing	violence	democracy	china	corruption	japan			china 's hu calls democracy blind alley beijing china 's communist party chief, hu jintao, said wednesday that western style democracy was a blind alley for china and that the one party state would fight power abuse and corruption by policing itself better.
2			coaching	baseball	statistics	basketball	sport	football	health	smith	quarterback	stats			carolina wr smith undergoes surgery charlotte, north carolina sports network carolina panthers wide receiver steve smith underwent successful surgery on his broken left leg tuesday and needs at least eight weeks to rehab.
4			privacy	technology	wireless	internet	bandwidth	broadband	telecommunication	speed			fcc oks broadband over power lines yesterday 's decision by the federal communications commission to remove barriers to the delivery of broadband services over power lines may give consumers a third broadband option.
3			politics	computer	business	marketing	conway	strategy	competition	money			why conway was shown the door when craig conway took charge at peoplesoft in 1999, the maverick ex oracle salesman was given free rein to turn around the software maker's country club atmosphere and whip it into shape for fierce competition. and, in large part, he succeeded.
4			chip	hardware	technology	performance	hp	silicon	intel	computing	linux			new strained silicon server chips in 05 thanks to a new dual stress liner strained silicon manufacturing technique, amd and ibm today announced that new athlon64 and power processors, set to debut in early 2005, could offer a performance boost of up to 24 percent.
4			learning	biotechnology	technology	economics	education	innovation	idea			moving ideas off campus the transfer of technological innovations from the campus to the capitalist marketplace has been a financial windfall for many schools.
4			privacy	microsoft	technology	vulnerability	security	windows			ballmer flags security features for a pre longhorn windows ... speaking at the gartner symposium and itxpo 2004 in orlando, florida, yesterday, microsoft ceo steve ballmer outlined new security initiatives, some of which would make it into a pre longhorn release 2 for windows, next year.
4			stealth	network	privacy	technology	encryption	ip	networking	security			citrix buys hybrid vpn vendor editor 's summary: citrix is acquiring vpn provider net6 for $ 50 million in a move to expand its presence in the security space.
4			computer	business	technology	ibm	money	email	industry			swainson: ibm exec seen as next computer assoc. ceo the wild one. computer associates international nyse: ca news people has named john swainson as its new chief executive, reports say.
4			security	computer	hacking	privacy	technology	smartphone	phone			cell phones increasingly attractive to hackers early this month, several web sites began offering software promising ringtones and screensavers for certain cell phones. but those who downloaded the software found that it turned every icon on their cell phones' screens into a skull and crossbones and disabled their phones, so they could no longer send or receive text messages or access contact lists or calendars.
1			election	politics	israel	democracy	palestinian	corruption	candidate	voter	palestine			palestinian candidates shaping ballot palestinians began registering candidates yesterday for a presidential election to succeed yasser arafat, while officials warned that
4			battery	electronics	dell	electricity	computer	usb	technology	power	reliability			recall on dell notebook adapters the home computer maker is recalling nearly a million ac notebook adapters. the company says they can overheat, catch fire, or cause electrical shock.
2			baseball	jazz	sport	music	jack	time			on parade route, cash registers brace for workout saturdays at jack 's drum shop on boylston street are usually the slowest. but with the red sox victory parade passing by this morning, the shop will
2			statistics	england	result	soccer	sport	football	ferguson			sir alex ferguson manages manchester united for the 1000th time ... 1000 up and still counting. sir alex fergusons achievement is quite remarkable given the fickle nature of football fans and more importantly football boards in the modern game.
3			business	ceo	shareholder	oracle	company	bankruptcy	ai	email			oracle further extends peoplesoft offer oracle corp. has again extended its $ 7.7 billion cash offer for peoplesoft inc. shareholders now have until oct. 8 to tender their shares, oracle said thursday.
3			history	television	business	boston	marketing	competition	money	industry			upstart rcn faces second goliath head on in its seven years playing david to the goliaths of greater boston cable television, upstart rcn corp. has managed to secure a robust business, in a few communities
4			technology	evolution	company	growth	innovation	google	money			google says growth is slowing down google inc. thursday warned that the growth it has showed so far this year may not be sustainable.
2			baseball	basketball	sport	love	football	money			too much love of the game? when veteran center alonzo mourning takes the court for new jersey tonight at the united center, it will be up to fans to decide whether the scene is heartwarming or heartbreaking.
4			science	statistics	psychology	programming	program	technology	research			programs: new games feature mind over matter the overwhelming scientific evidence shows that psychic powers are probably a lot of baloney. after all, psychics always seem to lose their powers if subjected to tests designed to eliminate luck or fraud.
4			electronics	safety	danger	technology	marketing	evolution	sidekick	security			first look: danger sidekick ii the former world class product of the year pda gets a much needed upgrade.
4			electronics	battery	computer	intel	technology	nokia	innovation	silicon	linux			amd releases new mobile sempron advanced micro devices new mobile sempron processor gives the company a fresh chip for the holiday season, but it probably won 't help it overcome the solid advantage that rival intel holds in the notebook market.
4			industry	ibm	data	software	technology	storage	patent	security	linux			storage services market heading to 30 billion the growth comes as more vendors offer more software to offset the plunge in storage hardware prices.
4			computer	game	gaming	car	technology	evolution	strategy	money			no half measures with half life 2 could half life 2 possibly live up to the hype? after almost two years of tantalising previews and infuriating delays it 's safe to say that this is the most highly anticipated computer game of all time.
1			politics	america	controversy	election	rating	ranking	race	diversity			u.s.c. stays atop a.p. poll; okla. earns no. 2 u.s.c. received 46 first place votes in the associated press poll released sunday, eight fewer than last week.
1			election	politics	israel	democracy	iran	terrorism			barghouti to run for palestinian leader marwan barghouti, a leader of the palestinian uprising jailed by israel but perhaps the strongest candidate to oust yasser arafat's old guard of politicians, plans to run in upcoming presidential elections, a person close to barghouti said saturday.
2			boxing	michael	baseball	basketball	sport	phelps			yearender: phelps shines brightest on biggest stage it is lucky for michael phelps that he is blessed with broad shoulders and an arm span like the wings on a jumbo jet. not only does it enable him to swim like a fish but it also helps him to carry the burden of his own great expectations.
2			boxing	baseball	basketball	sport	swimming	phelps			olympic star phelps right back at it michael phelps will attempt a racing schedule nearly as ambitious as what he did at the olympics. but this time he won't be swimming as far. six weeks after winning six gold medals and two bronzes in athens, the 19 year old will swim six events in a 25 meter pool at the world short course championships that begin today in indianapolis. phelps ...
3			electronics	philip	business	europe	technology	marketing	company	security	industry			philips leads europe shares up; arm down philips electronics, a rally on wall street, and tamer oil prices lifted european shares on monday, but trading volumes and corporate news are remain thinned by the holidays.
2			coaching	baseball	statistics	espn	basketball	sport	recruiting	football	coach			holtz introduced as east carolina coach east carolina introduced former south carolina assistant skip holtz as its head football coach on friday, welcoming him as the man to lead the program into a new era.
3			business	technology	shareholder	company	growth	finance	patent	money	industry			defense giant to increase its dividend raytheon co. said it plans to increase its dividend and repurchase $ 700 million in shares. the waltham based aerospace and defense giant increased its annual dividend 10 percent to 88 cents a share from 80 cents, starting with the first quarter of 2005. raytheon said its board also authorized $ 700 million in share repurchases, which it expects to complete over 18 ...
4			security	cyber	hacking	technology	strategy	terrorism	surveillance			group calls on feds to bolster cyber security the cyber security alliance has outlined a 12 point plan for the us government to take a more proactive role in ensuring cyber security.
4			electronics	computer	television	radar	technology	surveillance			sophisticated radar system protects bush the reason brown international got into the business of guarding the president with a sophisticated radar command center is really quite simple, its officers say. repairing televisions just wasn't paying enough.
2			coaching	espn	basketball	sport	football	tv	vs	byu			d s has hand in tvl at least no one can accuse medfield of backing down. trailing, 35 28, with less than two minutes to play yesterday on tri valley league rival dover sherborn's home turf, the warriors pulled within 1 on tailback brian lee's third touchdown of the day, a 5 yard pass from kevin lynch.
4			science	electronics	computer	timing	clock	technology	time	space	physics			time on a chip: the incredible shrinking atomic clock tiny atomic clocks could be slipped into cellphones, hand held computers and global positioning system receivers.
4			ibm	manufacturing	biotechnology	technology	alabama	tech	patent	education	industry			wachovia plans technology park in alabama wachovia corp. is planning a 400 million data center in birmingham that will anchor a 337 acre technology park.
4			glass	eye	mobility	technology	lens	vision			eyewear to help you cross roads crossing the road may soon be as straightforward and safe for blind and visually impaired people as it is for someone with good eyesight, thanks to a new device that acts as an electronic eye.
2			game	television	olympics	sport	london	tv	media			television coverage of londons olympic parade to be used in ... the evening standard reports that london will use television coverage from mondays parade of olympians to convince olympic leaders of britains enthusiasm to host the 2012 summer olympic games.
4			science	electronics	battery	electricity	technology	energy	chemistry	education	physics			calif. teen wins h.s. science competition a 17 year old california boy won a premier high school science competition monday for inventing a device that converts ocean wave energy into electricity.
4			virus	computer	hacking	privacy	technology	encryption	security			is your pc safe from viruses and spyware? a national study of us home computer users found many users have no idea their systems are infected with viruses or spyware, usa today reported monday.
1			politics	democracy	economics	finance	economist	money			election will also decide greenspan's successor wanted: brilliant economist. must be politically savvy, trusted by wall street, a strong leader and consensus builder, cool in a crisis, able to calm world markets with a few words and likely to guide the economy into robust health in time for the 2008 presidential election.
3			industry	business	technology	marketing	ad	strategy	innovation	advertising	consumer	media			ad:tech celebrates industry revival online advertising executives celebrated the rejuvenation of their industry from its dormancy following the dot com bust, yet warned that marketers need to tread carefully in how they communicate with consumers.
4			analyst	analysis	pc	manufacturing	technology	marketing	optimization	ibm	research	industry			analysis: ibm adjusts to harsh pc market ibm's decision to sell its pc business to china's lenovo group ltd. underscores the challenges manufacturers face in the modern pc business, even for a company synonymous with the product.
4			network	telecom	technology	telecommunication	patent	bt			bt inks e3.75m contract with nortel bt has signed a e3.75m deal with canadian firm nortel for the supply of ip telephony equipment for a major new virtual contact centre.
2			baseball	computer	game	gaming	sport	music	car	football			hey, cool music. and there's a video game, too? the rapper snoop dogg's version of the 1971 song riders on the storm will make its debut on need for speed underground 2, a video game from electronic arts.
4			wikipedia	hacking	software	technology	microsoft	copyright	industry			government procurement cannot save china 'sl software industry recently, the government procurement office of beijing municipality issued the notice of beijing municipal information office on the result of the government procurement project for copyrighted software vendors of computer operating systems, office suites
1			politics	war	democracy	violence	chaos	anarchy	sudan	instability	terrorism	disaster			sudan's darfur on the road to anarchy, un warns sudan's blood soaked darfur region could be headed toward disaster with warlords on the loose and the government no longer in full control of its forces, the united nations' top sudan official warned.
4			security	hacking	privacy	technology	tech	terrorism	freedom	innovation	ethics			panel: let domestic security technology move forward civil liberties and privacy advocacy groups often have the effect of stopping technological innovation when they protest the use of new technologies for domestic security, a technology expert at a washington, d.c., think tank said wednesday.
4			privacy	wireless	technology	internet	broadband	freedom			san francisco sets goal of free citywide wifi san francisco mayor gavin newsom set a goal on thursday of providing free wireless internet activity in his city that sees itself as a vanguard of the internet revolution.
3			share	acquisition	ceo	software	technology	company	finance	patent			veritas shares jump on report of talks with symantec veritas software corp. shares rose as much as 13 percent after the new york times said symantec corp. is in talks to buy the company for more than $ 13 billion, in what would be the second biggest deal ever in the software industry.
2			coaching	baseball	statistics	espn	basketball	sport	boston	football	wellesley			somber setting for needham's victory over wellesley senior chris sheehan ran for three touchdowns and a career high 114 yards as needham scored 13 straight points to take a 28 21 victory against wellesley in the state's oldest thanksgiving day rivalry.
1			election	politics	putin	democracy	voting	corruption	russia	ukraine			ukraine leader, attacking rival, won't halt vote ukraine's president said that if he were prime minister viktor f. yanukovich, he would not participate in a new runoff.
3			politics	business	money	stress	fear			rentokil catches cold with 12 fall rentokil initial served up more gloom yesterday with a 12 fall in pre tax profits to 293.9m for the first 10 months of this year and a warning that 2005 would be even worse.
2			race	sport	golf	football	number			a close battle for no. 1 forget college football: the best battle for no. 1 might be taking place on a golf course outside of boston. vijay singh the no.
1			politics	election	result	democracy	voting	polling	corruption	candidate	electoral			brunei parliament reopens, but no talk of election the monarch of oil rich brunei reopened the tiny country 's parliament for the first time in 20 years on saturday, but made no mention of elections and warned his subjects not to get carried away.
4			word	name	technology	language			what's your tla iq? acronyms are the secret language of technology and biotech. if you have to ask what they mean, you're not an insider. there are even acronyms on top of acronyms: someone who peppers his speech with tlas is fond of using ''three letter acronyms.
1			politics	retirement	money	waiting			browns' suggs impatient to start waiting has become a part time job for lee suggs, one he'd like to quit for good.
1			election	politics	israel	democracy	corruption	power	terrorism	security	leadership			the men who could replace arafat analysts say securing the popular vote is key for the credibility of new palestinian leadership.
1			politics	abortion	controversy	democrat	race	republican	money	diversity			specter gets hatch support to chair panel sen. arlen specter gained ground tuesday toward winning the senate judiciary committee chairmanship, which was thrown into doubt after he said judges who oppose abortion rights would face confirmation problems.
2			cycling	game	disability	athletics	sport	paralympics	paralympic	competition	event			paralympics competition begins in athens competition at the 12th paralympic games for disabled athletes gets under way saturday in athens, greece. nearly 4,000 athletes from 136 countries are competing in 19 disciplines over 11 days.
2			dream	doping	athletics	sport	exercise	athlete	swimming	gymnastics	cycling			let gymnasts be kids, not athletic lab rats day 6: canadian sprinter macro man nic macrozonaris told a news conference yesterday that he had a dream in which he won the 100 metre sprint in 9.83 seconds. he has never broken 10 seconds flat.
4			science	computer	genetics	biology	biotechnology	technology	evolution	chemistry	physics			scientists create smart phone that doubles as your nanny scientists at the massachusetts institute of technology mit are working on software that will get to know you as well as your best mate and even offers you advice.
2			baseball	game	television	nbc	espn	volleyball	basketball	sport	football	scheduling			frances postpones games florida state and miami will still play in prime time, just four days later than planned.
4			industry	computer	china	technology	japan	machine	ibm	computing	linux			nec tops ibm with speedier supercomputer nec nasdaq: nipny continues to play can you top this with ibm nyse: ibm , as the japanese company claims that its latest supercomputer is faster than the ultra high performance machine rolled out less than a month ago by big blue.
4			computer	pc	linux	amazon	technology	networking	pcs	windows			gateway says more pcs available at office depot gateway inc. said on wednesday its personal computers would be widely available at office depot. in the latest move by the pc maker to broaden distribution at retail stores since acquiring rival emachines this year.
4			application	java	technology	networking	windows			sharman blends skype with kazaa sharman networks has announced that kazaa version 3 will integrate skype software via the recently released skype api.
2			doping	olympics	athletics	sport	greece	athlete	swimming	cycling			two greek sprinters withdraw perhaps attempting to save their country further embarrassment and fearful of an impending ruling from the international olympic committee, two greek sprinters abruptly withdrew from the olympic games on wednesday.
2			coaching	baseball	miami	sport	nfl	football	dolphin	win			'72 dolphins dismayed by winless team the only nfl franchise to achieve a perfect season now has the league's lone winless team.
4			electronics	china	technology	japan	research	silicon			silicon carbide: coming soon to a chip near you new japanese research into silicon carbide growth could revolutionise the electronics industry. a team of scientists has developed a method of making near perfect silicon carbide crystals.
3			business	network	sale	company	loss	industry			nortel posts loss of 6 cents per share nortel networks corp. reported a loss of 6 cents per share in the third quarter and predicted lower sales for 2004 than in 2003 on tuesday, providing some of its first concrete figures for the
4			wikipedia	privacy	technology			lycos europe cans anti spam effort lycos europe cans anti spam effort lycos europe attempted to get back at the leading spammers of the world through an initiative called makelovenotspam. the move was applauded by the ordinary user of the web considering more than a lakh users downloaded the screensaver from the official website. however, many isps and ...
3			family	history	business	technology	company	money	industry			private world even though all of these giant private companies are headquartered outside the u.s., several of them are quite familiar to the american public. sweden's ikea has 23 furniture stores in the u.s. and 4 more under construction. bertelsmann, the german publishing outfit, owns random house and family circle magazine. some of these private companies have been in family hands for a long while just shy of 400 years in the case of takenaka, the japanese construction outfit...
4			computer	privacy	technology	broadband	internet	telecommunication	networking	pt			level 3 to buy sprint 's dial up business com october 1, 2004, 10:51 am pt. there 's no doubt the internet will continue to make its mark in the world of business and technology.
4			business	china	software	privacy	technology	piracy	freedom	security			overcoming the piracy stigma in china walk into the access controlled room full of software developers at bleum inc.'s headquarters here and you can't miss the slogan written in large blue and black letters that stretches across the far wall: protect our customer.
2			shooting	athletics	sport	fencing	weapon	hunting	competition			andrey moiseev: one verstatile guy andrejus zadneprovskis of lithuania got the silver. libor capalini of the czech republic won the bronze. modern pentathlon combines shooting, fencing one duel against every other competitor
4			product	catalyst	diabetes	technology	cisco	networking	switch			cisco extends catalyst switching products for smbs cisco systems has released a suite of new cisco catalyst switching products and services specifically designed and priced for small and medium sized businesses smbs .
1			politics	election	corruption	finance	terrorism	money			i bankrolled zuma shaik businessman schabir shaik has acknowledged he bankrolled deputy president jacob zuma, claiming that he did so to enable zuma to stay in politics.
3			business	ceo	ca	microsoft	company	corporate	corporation	email	industry			ca updates spyware zapper moving to capitalize on a recent acquisition, computer associates international inc. this week released an updated version of its home spyware zapping software, and began selling a corporate
4			proposal	europe	technology	telecom	broadband	telecommunication	transport	industry			ofcom unveils uk sector proposals ofcom today published its proposals to support the growth of greater competition, innovation and investment certainty in the uk telecommunications sector.
4			hacking	privacy	technology	encryption	copyright	networking	email	security			sans top 20 unveiled cios and security executives are desperately playing catch up with unauthorized users of im and p2p clients, who are sharing music files and videos on company time, and with company resources.
4			science	electronics	computer	computing	technology	tech	education	innovation	astronomy	physics			back to school now includes electronics for back to school shoppers, a new alphabet reigns, and it starts with e for electronics. with camera cell phones and the apple ipod music player topping student wish lists, some of the hottest gadgets have little to do with pen or paper, much less studying.
3			business	efficiency	market	performance	finance	profit	competition	money			royal mail meets some targets royal mail says it returned to profit at the underlying level during its first half and that it beat 7 of its 15 performance targets in the latest quarter.
4			galaxy	device	mobility	technology	nokia	smartphone	multimedia	samsung			samsung unveils thumbnail mobile phone memory samsung today unveiled a small, low power multimedia memory card mmc designed for mobile phones. at just 12 x 14 x 1.1mm, samsung 's mmcmicro device is one third the size of today 's common reduced size multimedia cards.
4			pc	computer	business	china	privacy	technology	pcs	security	linux			high tech feng shui after stumbling in its efforts to diversify, lenovo is returning to its core pc business, its chairman tells wharton.
4			electronics	nintendo	computer	game	gaming	chip	technology			matrix's 3d memory chips target game devices mattel and a japanese manufacturer have adopted these high rise chips. will nintendo be next? br photos: matrix's high rise chips
4			industry	ibm	computer	linux	manufacturing	microsoft	technology	patent	server			ibm loosens its blade ibm is to share the designs of its blade servers in a bid to boost their popularity among developers. it follows moves to open up the companys microprocessor business and give partners more access to its
4			processor	hardware	technology	performance	hp	intel	computing	linux			clearspeed races ahead on processor cores clearspeed technology has doubled the performance of its high performance computing co processor for scientific workstations and server clusters by incorporating 96 separate processing cores on a single chip, the company announced wednesday at the fall processor forum in san jose, california.
1			election	politics	australia	democracy	polling	poll	finance	strategy	money			australian election enters final week with prize still up for grabs the australian election campaign enters its final week with neither side holding a decisive lead and both major parties hoping big spending promises to swinging voters will get them over the line, according to analysts.
4			fast	trend	technology	broadband	internet	growth	speed	industry			u.s. broadband growth slows analyst u.s. telephone and cable companies saw the growth of high speed internet services slow in the second quarter to the lowest rate in a year, an industry research firm said on tuesday.
3			politics	business	ceo	greed	litigation	bankruptcy	competition	money			hollinger international to refile looting case against ex ceo newspaper publisher hollinger international inc. said thursday it intends to refile the bulk of its dismissed case against ousted ceo conrad black and associates, intent on winning
4			security	computer	gaming	hardware	technology	apple	intel	computing	linux			alienware powers up 4ghz desktop game system specialist revs up a new pc with a homegrown pentium 4 that beats intel to the 4ghz punch.
2			news	baseball	statistics	television	india	espn	sport	football	cricket			ten sports and sony to assist bcci in live coverage : sports india: cricket gt; kolkata, sep 30 : the ongoing battle for telecast rights took a new twist today with the cricket board announcing that it would arrange for live coverage of the upcoming tournaments with the help of ten sports and sony
4			electronics	philip	price	privacy	technology	nokia	patent	security	industry			philips slashes stake in atos origin by 50 per cent dutch electronics company philips has announced today, friday, that it has cut its stake in atos origin by more than a half.
2			coaching	luck	baseball	history	basketball	sport	football	strategy			let the games begin we are down to seven unbeaten teams with bowl championship series title game aspirations. idealistically, all but boise state have a chance at getting to the orange bowl.
4			electronics	battery	computer	device	storage	technology	charging			apple recalls 15 in. powerbook batteries apple computer inc. has issued a recall for about 28,000 powerbook batteries sold between january and august for use with its 15 in. powerbook g4 computers. the batteries, which were made by lg chem ltd. of south korea, ...
2			politics	america	baseball	history	espn	sport	football	win			the best matchup of the day what 's at stake: first place in the afc east and a place in the history book. victory for the jets means they will go down as the team that stopped new england 's winning streaks.
4			ibm	linux	manufacturing	technology	networking	blade	industry			ibm cuts blade servers for smbs ibm friday sharpened it blade offerings to target small and midsize businesses with the announcement of new hardware and software bundles.
2			medal	doping	olympics	judo	athletics	sport	athlete	competition	gymnastics			three more appeals lodged against olympic medal results the sports world 's highest court has received three new appeals involving medals in gymnastics, weightlifting and track and field awarded at last month 's athens olympics.
4			electronics	safety	magic	technology	power	weapon	fashion			last call for the legendary atomic keyring cash'n'carrion nuclear fashion accessory takes a bow
4			computer	television	network	technology	internet	networking	tv	video			web tv tries to seize new territory contenders are trying novel twists on sending video over the global computer network in an effort to exploit the increasing number of in home high speed internet links.
1			politics	election	democracy	money	policy	politician			politics over policy when it comes down to a choice between good politics and good policy, which usually wins? let 's put it this way: we don 't call it the political play of the week for nothing.
2			america	baseball	history	basketball	sport	boston	football			boston college still seeking its identity tom o brien knows a thing or two about what his boston college eagles face today against west virginia. we re aware that boston college has never won a big east game in morgantown, he said.
4			electronics	bmw	manufacturing	mobility	technology	nokia	siemens	car	silicon	industry			freescale wins 200 mln euro siemens supply deal freescale semiconductor inc. has won a long term contract worth more than 200 million euros 246 million to supply car components to siemens, the companies said on monday.
2			politics	history	sport	race	car	texas	competition	racing			gatlin 's gun fastest in historic shootout serious fun lit up the olympics last night. a showdown among the swaggering gunslingers who populate the sprint community, celebrated by 72,000 spectators for a full 10 minutes prior
2			medal	athletics	sport	race	football	athlete	tennis	competition	woman	racing			athletics: 800m winner urges fellow brit radcliffe to try again kelly holmes was not meant to win an olympic title in athens and paula radcliffe was. holmes, try as she might, could still not grasp the way things had turned out on monday for the two british team mates.
4			engineering	mobility	biotechnology	technology	ft	nasa	logistics			mantech to support army medical center mantech international corp. of fairfax won a $ 19.3 million contract to provide engineering and technical services to brooke army medical center at fort sam houston in san antonio.
4			mobility	ethernet	intel	gate	technology	architecture	semiconductor	gateway	silicon	windows			gateway launches first btx desktop pc employing the latest in pc technology, the gateway 700gr is designed on intel 's highly anticipated btx architecture, which aligns key components in a central wind tunnel.
2			soccer	basketball	sport	volleyball	football	brazil	tennis	competition			beach volleyball: us unbeaten, brazil chase double americans misty may and kerri walsh continued their unbeaten streak to win their olympics women 's beach volleyball semi final on monday and will face an experienced brazilian team in the gold medal match.
4			cyber	computer	hacking	privacy	technology	encryption	email	security	linux			tech firms urge bush to focus on cybersecurity a cybersecurity advocacy group on tuesday called on u.s. president george bush to focus more resources on computer issues and elevate the top it security position at the u.s. department of homeland security dhs to the assistant secretary level.
4			speculation	privacy	technology	company	internet	google	patent	competition			google ipo awaits final approval in a sign that google inc. goog 's initial public offering is imminent, the internet search company has asked federal regulators to give final approval to the paperwork required for its stock sale.
3			business	transparency	financial	debt	finance	fraud	bankruptcy	accounting	money			nortel again delays filing financial results embroiled in an accounting scandal that led to the firing of its ceo, nortel networks said today that its financial results for 2003 and the first half of 2004 won't be out until the end of october.
3			statistics	revenue	trend	price	figure	sale	company	market	industry			caterpillar boosts 2004 revenue forecast shares of caterpillar cat jumped more than 3 tuesday after boosting its 2004 revenue outlook tuesday, citing continued strong demand.
3			business	advertisement	technology	marketing	strategy	advertising	competition	seo	google			the business of search engines and advertising look out! the business of search engines and advertising look out! the major search engines are changing the way they do business with the advertising community. many seos and sems have waited patiently for the search engines to recognize the benefits our sector brings. now that search is sexy however most will ...
3			business	china	technology	apple	bankruptcy	ibm	industry			ibm to put its personal computer business up for sale, may fetch ... san francisco: ibm is reportedly in talks to sell its personal computer business in a deal that could be worth up to $ 2 billion and would cap a gradual withdrawal from the business it helped to pioneer in 1981.
4			network	connectivity	mobility	hardware	technology	via	networking	computing			via announces support for new amd cpus via technologies today announced that its via k8t890 series chipsets will support the new amd athlon 64 fx 55 processor and amd athlon 64 processor 4000.
3			income	industry	statistics	revenue	company	growth	profit	money	earnings	number			update 3 winnebago earns up on diesel mobile home demand recreational vehicle maker winnebago industries inc. wgo.n: quote, profile, research reported stronger than expected quarterly earnings on thursday as more people
4			ibm	philip	device	network	technology	nec	telecommunication	networking	patent			dilithium has 80 of 3g video telephony test market dilithium networks announced that nec has purchased dilithium network analyzer. dilithium networks estimates that 80 of 3g mobile operators, network equipment vendors, and handset manufacturers use dilithium
2			luck	baseball	chicago	sport	boston	football	money			excited boston ready to 'play ball' boston was tingling with anticipation on saturday as the red sox prepared to host game one of the world series against the st. louis cardinals and take a step toward ridding themselves of a hex that has hung over the team for eight decades.
3			investor	trend	shareholder	company	stock	growth	finance	corporation	money			before the bell: synopsys shares drop shares of synopsys inc. snps.o , a semiconductor design software maker, tumbled before the bell on thursday, a day after the company reported lower quarterly net income and said results in the current quarter would be below wall street estimates.
4			computer	privacy	technology	networking	gateway	email	security	windows			gateway shifts back to personal computers gateway inc. on monday said it would return to its roots as a personal computer company, backing off on an aggressive strategy of expanding into tvs, digital cameras and other gadgets in a move to return to profitability.
4			business	technology	company	communication	telecommunication	finance	patent	email			update 2 sbc communications files $ 15.5 bln mixed shelf sbc communications inc. sbc.n: quote, profile, research filed on monday to sell up to $ 15.5 billion of debt and stock, mainly to fund the purchase of at wireless services
4			roaming	network	connectivity	mobility	availability	broadband	technology	wireless	market	carrier			verizon wireless to add 16 more ev do markets by year end following the recent expansion of its commercial cdma2000 1x ev do network to include 14 major markets and 24 airport locations nationwide last month, verizon wireless is set to add 16 more markets by the end of this year.
1			election	abortion	politics	fraud	strategy	republican	money			kerry asks fec for recount advice election day is several weeks away, but democratic presidential candidate john kerry's campaign is already considering its fund raising options should kerry or president bush pursue a recount like the famous florida ballot dispute in 2000.
4			computer	privacy	technology	internet	innovation	networking	google			google tests short message service there 's no doubt the internet will continue to make its mark in the world of business and technology. its maintained is position for the past year.
4			mobile	business	broadband	technology	communication	telecommunication	networking	email			sbc has one stop message service residential and small business customers of sbc communications inc. in flint, ann arbor and metro detroit can now access their home and wireless voice mail as well as e mail accounts
4			computer	nothing	technology	something	time	cancer	money	speed			apple, ebay, intel make waves; what is a nanometer? maybe you were out of town last week, or maybe you just weren't paying attention. that's ok. here's a quick rundown of what you missed, culled from reports by our staff and wire services.
3			staff	safety	business	ceo	mr	management	ft	money			british airways chief admits company got it wrong over staff ... british airways ba chief executive rod eddington has admitted that the company got it wrong after staff shortages led to three days of travel chaos for passengers.
3			business	ceo	revenue	microsoft	company	oracle	finance	patent	industry			oracle shows sales and earnings growth in q1 oracle corp. reported revenue and earnings growth in its first fiscal quarter, with its revenue from new software licenses rising 7 percent, to us $ 563 million.
1			election	politics	government	democracy	political	iraq	strategy	afghanistan	politician			what's behind us strategy shift in iraq war plan to channel funds from reconstruction to security signals focus on shorter term goal of holding elections.
4			manufacturing	technology	automation	robot	robotic	industry			un: domestic robot use to surge sevenfold by 2007 the united nations annual world robotics survey predicts the use of robots around the home will surge seven fold by 2007. the boom is expected to be seen in robots that can mow lawns and vacuum floors, among other chores.
3			news	acquisition	business	technology	security	merger			news: merger creates world's biggest it security services firm it security firms trusecure and betrusted are to merge in order to create the biggest security services company in the world .
3			business	ceo	management	technology	marketing	company	finance			webmethods names new ceo, chairman the company promotes from within chief operating officer david mitchell is appointed ceo.
4			electronics	computer	chip	price	technology	performance	pricing	intel	linux			intel lops pentium 4 prices intel dropped prices on a range of pentium 4 processors by up to 35 percent on sunday. the fastest version of the chip, the 3.6ghz pentium 4 560, dropped by 35 percent from $ 637 to $ 417.
4			processor	computer	chip	hardware	intel	technology	memory	silicon	linux			amd kicks intel when its down the underdog in the microchip business says its new line of chips is the fastest on the market. five days after intel announced it would abandon development of 4 gigahertz ghz chips, its archrival pounced
4			electronics	electricity	e	mobility	device	technology	power	energy			initiative to advance community of electronics ... in a step sure to spark major innovation in the design of consumer electronics, networking, automotive, and it systems, 15 companies today announced their intention to form power.
4			connectivity	ethernet	privacy	technology	ip	cisco	networking	security	linux			cisco buys ip application vendor p cube cisco has bought ip service control vendor p cube of sunnyvale, california, in a cash deal worth about $ 200m. the company says the deal should allow its customers to run advanced ip services such as voice
4			electronics	battery	computer	electricity	safety	technology	power	energy	reliability			dell recalls laptop power supplies dell inc. is recalling some of the one million electrical adapters manufactured in china by delta electronics inc. of taipei and sold for use with dell notebook computers, following seven reports of the adapters overheating. the adapters pose a risk of fire or electrical shock, according to dell.
3			ceo	shareholder	company	bonus	finance	compensation	productivity	corporation	accounting	money			ca shareholders reject compensation proposal computer associates shareholders have defeated a stockholder proposal calling for current and former executives to return bonuses based on restated results, the company said.
4			computer	linux	hardware	software	technology	apple	networking	security	windows			apple remote desktop 2 reviewing apple remote desktop 2 in computerworld, yuval kossovsky writes, i liked what i found. he concludes, i am happy to say that ard 2 is an excellent upgrade and well worth the money. aug 19
2			doping	athletics	race	sport	track	athlete	competition	talent	cycling			youngsters ready to make mark in track a new wave of talent will be on display when track and field takes center stage at the olympic games.
4			virus	computer	hacking	software	worm	technology	security	linux			new software blows the whistle on viruses activities engineers at hewlett packard are working on virus throttling software that could slow the spread of viruses and worms, possibly limiting the destruction hackers inflict on millions of computers each year.
1			election	politics	democratic	taiwan	democrat	democracy	china	polling			democrats make lackluster gains in hk elections hong kong's democrats fell short monday of expectations in legislative elections after voters wary of alienating china's communist rulers chose the stability offered by the beijing camp.
4			motorola	intel	technology	apple	patent	money	silicon	industry			motorola to cut 1,000 jobs, take $ 50 million charge motorola spokeswoman jennifer weyrauch said the cuts would be made worldwide to better align our work force and in anticipation of the separation of its chip operations, now operating independently as freescale semiconductor inc.
2			coaching	baseball	basketball	sport	math	nba	education			former nba pro sharing his skills newfields, n.h., is an unlikely place for a basketball clinic by a former professional player, but that is exactly what is going to take place saturday when former nba forward dwight davis conducts the first newfields youth basketball clinic at newfields elementary school.
4			science	biotechnology	technology	evolution	innovation	patent	research	education	physics			new x prize sets sights on science, technology and social solutions the x prize foundation and the world technology network announced today the formation of a joint venture to launch a series of technology incentive prizes to help spur innovation and breakthroughs in a range of scientific arenas.
4			computer	intel	technology	performance	semiconductor	silicon	speed	computing	linux			new computer chip built for speed ibm and advanced micro devices have announced that they have produced a silicon chip with a marked improvement in speed by using strained silicon technology.
4			electronics	sony	computer	television	privacy	technology	tv	linux			a video 'curse' snares would be tv pioneers it reads like a vip list of failures hewlett packard, toshiba, intel, and philips.
2			coaching	baseball	utah	basketball	sport	recruiting	football	coach	money	byu			confusing week coming to end at utah eventually, the utah utes will know who they re playing, where they re playing and who will be coaching them in the future.
1			politics	ceo	money	nothing			conway or the highway cnet 's charles cooper says the board is only telling half the story behind the surprise firing of peoplesoft's ceo.
2			coaching	baseball	success	sport	football	competition	education			escalation of success is groundwork for disaster with a package of academic reforms in place, the ncaa 's next crusade will address what its president calls a dangerous drift toward professionalism and sports entertainment.
3			history	asset	business	fact	technology	company	wealth	money			newbiz: an unconventional asset the past when businesses consider their assets, they may look at obvious things like products, buildings, equipment, patents, even valued employees. but the company's history?
4			investing	technology	company	finance	google	money			rah rah, sis boom bah for google! or not the cheerleading for google from the analysts at leading brokerage firms is starting to sound a lot like the days of the dot com bubble.
3			share	acquisition	technology	company	stock	growth	finance	steel	corporation	money			steel partners bids $ 700 mln for gencorp u.s. investment fund steel partners ii on thursday offered to buy 90 percent of gencorp inc. it does not already own for about $ 700 million, driving shares to highs not seen in more than five years.
4			microsoft	technology	company	tech	economics	stock	finance	money	industry			stocks sent sliding on rash of bad news us stocks fell sharply as record oil prices and disappointing sales forecasts from microsoft corp. spurred losses in technology shares.
4			electronics	secrecy	privacy	technology	patent	money	security			rfid royalties suspended for testing intermec technologies will not seek payments for patents in the radio tracking technology for 60 days. why?
1			politics	election	controversy	history	war	iraq	kerry	mccain			kerry tries to counter impact of criticism attacks on john kerry's war record may be beginning to have an impact, polls suggest, amid raised voices and new tv ads on a subject at least temporarily dominating debate in the close presidential race. democrats are laboring to deflect the questioning of kerry's record with fresh ads touting his fitness for national command, even as the white house mocks the massachusetts senator as losing his cool over claims he lied to win military medals in vietnam...
1			politics	election	history	democracy	cheney	iran	iraq	candidate	afghanistan			afghan president on course for historic election victory afghan president hamid karzai is on course for a clear victory in the country's historic election, with more than half the votes counted.
2			history	england	soccer	sport	love	football	liverpool			football: this is for you emlyn on a night when they came to remember a glorious past, liverpool 's grieving fans were offered a glimpse of their immediate future.
4			electronics	computer	philip	privacy	technology	company	innovation	consumer	industry			philips q3 earnings soar on one time gains third quarter profits at koninklijke philips electronics nv surged on one time gains from stakes sold in two companies floated on the capital market, europe 's largest consumer electronics maker said tuesday in a statement.
4			taiwan	network	china	technology	communication	telecommunication	networking			china 's tcl communication lists on hk main board sep 27 hong kong dow jones tcl communication technology holdings ltd. , china 's fourth largest handset maker, said sunday it will list by way of introduction on the hong kong main board on sept.
4			giant	microsoft	technology	company	strategy	windows			microsoft makes net security move by acquiring giant in a move to quell rising consumer frustrations, microsoft on thursday announced it has acquired giant company software, maker of well reviewed but little used anti spyware software, for an undisclosed sum.
1			election	politics	statistics	result	democracy	china	polling	corruption			hong kong holding legislative elections after a campaign marred by scandal and alleged intimidation, the people of hong kong voted sunday under gray skies in legislative elections that could give pro democracy figures more clout than they have held since china reclaimed hong kong in july 1997.
4			electronics	computer	device	ethernet	software	usb	technology	networking	computing	linux			a new handshake for mini hard drives? intel, hitachi, toshiba and others propose ce ata, a new interface for miniature hard drives used in consumer electronics.
3			business	trend	technology	marketing	fashion	money			may be losing its dot com glitz inc.'s days as a hot shot dot com may be behind it as the internet retailer's slowing growth makes its business suspiciously similar to that of its brick and mortar peers.
2			baseball	basketball	soccer	sport	volleyball	football			check fridays and mondays for weekly team updates and match ... i admit it, most of my notes for this game considered of iy shannon and mr. and mrs. dan boxx. oh, and looking up the united states all time record for olympic finals played in cities called athens... by dan loney. there 's only one story this week
4			investing	technology	strategy	innovation	finance	competition	money	funding			innovators find alternative to venture capital when paul brewer, co founder of high tech security company objectvideo, gave speeches to business school students about how to find funding, he used to focus about 80 percent of his talk on the art of landing venture capital. now he spends most of his time on how to attract federal government funding, especially through the small business innovation research sbir program. the managers of the program are more daring than venture capitalists, said brewer, because they are more likely to fund an idea at its inception, before it has proved anything.
3			trade	manufacturing	production	market	manufacturer	import	factory	export	industry			durable goods orders fall in october america's factories saw orders for big ticket goods drop in october after brisk activity in the previous month, highlighting the sometimes bumpy recovery experienced by the nation's manufacturers.
3			ge	business	ceo	sale	marketing	growth	profit	corporation	money			immelt: joy at ge as q3 earnings jump 11 the news is often sobering these days. but they re smiling at general electric nyse: ge news people , where the company posted third quarter earnings that are up 11, with revenue rising 15.
2			coaching	baseball	basketball	athletics	sport	soccer	football	maryland	baltimore			terps start slow, erupt maryland's potent offense erupts in the second half, scoring three goals in a four minute span, as the terrapins defeat hofstra, 4 0, in an ncaa soccer tournament second round game tuesday night.
3			news	revenue	trend	stock	growth	finance	profit	competition	money			ny times cuts '04 profit targets new york times co. on monday forecast third quarter and full year earnings below wall street's average estimates, citing lower than expected revenue so far in september.
4			sci	technology	tech	innovation	industry			dc tech council penny pickett, president of the washington, d.c. tech council, discusses the organization, technology regulatory policies, the region's tech industry and upcoming programs on homeland security technologies.
1			politics	election	putin	democracy	russia	power	terrorism	money	politician			will putin's power play make russia safer? not if you believe his critics, who say the new measures are all about politics
4			computer	graphic	digital	technology	image	photography	imaging			terapixel digital images approach digital images that are billions of pixels in size are now becoming commonplace.
4			computer	business	ceo	management	software	technology	marketing	networking	industry			founder, chairman called heart of software company when peoplesoft inc. fired chief executive craig conway on friday, the business software maker didn 't have to look long or far to find a suitable replacement.
4			flash	device	usb	technology	storage	networking	memory	silicon			samsung raises flash memory bar company says it will come out with 1 gigabit chip for mobile devices next year.
4			calling	privacy	technology	phone	number			caller id: do you really know who 's calling? this week, a company is launching technology that will make it possible for someone to choose what appears on phones that have caller id, the feature for displaying identifying information about an incoming call.
2			baseball	television	nbc	espn	sport	football	tv			espn ahead of the game twenty five years ago this tuesday, a brash startup cable channel with a strange name began broadcasting. its goal: provide sports programming 24 hours a day. the concept behind espn was solid, but the execution was shaky in those early days of bouncing a signal off a satellite from a half built building in a muddy field in then rural bristol, conn. today, ...
3			business	trend	china	marketing	restaurant	competition	money	food	industry			fast food giant reports third quarter gains louisville, ky. fast food giant yum brandsreported a 13 percent gain in third quarter earnings today. the company says surging international sales and a turnaround at its kfc chicken restaurants were responsible.
4			network	technology	broadband	internet	networking	speed	education			broadband fuels online expression having an always on, fast net connection is changing the way britons use the internet, research suggests.
4			network	technology	broadband	internet	telecommunication	patent	industry			vonage doubles its money funding round of $ 105 million brings broadband internet telephony company's total haul to $ 208 million.
3			business	trade	strategy	fraud	bankruptcy	risk	competition	money	merger			hit fires chief who pulled off us deal hit entertainment, the company behind children 's television character bob the builder, fired its chief executive yesterday and warned of a difficult trading environment next year.
4			electronics	battery	pc	computer	hardware	software	privacy	technology	pcs	computing			fitting your pc in a pocket oqo, a tiny 14 ounce windows xp computer, may just be the most elegant and versatile miniature pc possible with current technology.
2			australia	sport	race	swimming	cycling			our performance was 100 per cent schinias, greecefor a few anxious moments, not knowing the colour of the olympic medal he had just won was the best part of these games for canadian rowing star barney williams.
1			politics	election	history	beijing	war	democracy	china	power	japan	strategy			zemin resigns as head of the china 's military commission china 's president hu jintao has succeeded jiang zemin as head of the powerful military commission, the government said sunday, completing china 's first peaceful leadership transition since its 1949 revolution.
4			authentication	hacking	network	privacy	technology	vulnerability	encryption	networking	security			3com beefs up security with $ 430m acquisition com december 13, 2004, 10:51 am pt. tippingpoint makes an intrusion prevention appliance called unityone that sits on networks and quickly inspects incoming packets to determine whether they are malicious.
4			change	something	technology	new			new design for my yahoo adds screen real estate new design for my yahoo adds screen real estate yahoo is now allowing my yahoo users to test out the new my yahoo layout. yahoo! lists the new features to be found at the new my yahoo here. jeremy zawodny has some great information on this in his entry named new ...
4			ethernet	technology	networking	sun	silicon	security	linux			startup teams with sun on enhanced 10g ethernet s2io inc. said last week it is working with sun microsystems inc. to design the startup 's next generation 10 gigabit ethernet adapter.
4			product	manufacturing	collaboration	technology	innovation	patent	logistics	industry			plm vendors eye smbs with alliances, tools a growing interest in product life cycle management capabilities by small and midsize manufacturing companies is fueling vendor attempts to make plm technologies easier to deploy and use.
4			electronics	battery	dell	computer	linux	software	technology	color	windows			photo: dell's inspiron 9200 the notebook comes with a 17 inch screen, the company's first at that size.
3			revenue	sale	marketing	profit	advertising	finance	money	media			olympics boosts wpp growth wpp, the world's third largest advertising services group, has reported 15 growth in profits in the first half of the year.
1			election	politics	voting	sec	debate	mccain			kerry tours fla. asking for early votes florida voters get to cast their ballots for president beginning monday, and democrat john kerry planned to spend all day asking for their votes...
3			investor	investment	investing	stock	finance	capital	money	security	fund			mutual fund assets fall 2 percent in july us mutual fund assets fell 2 percent to $ 7.4 trillion last month, as declining equity markets reduced the value of stock funds, according to a survey conducted by the investment company institute.
4			cyber	computer	hacking	privacy	technology	encryption	email	security	linux			tech firms urge bush to focus on cybersecurity a cybersecurity advocacy group has called on president george bush to focus more resources on computer issues and to elevate the top it security position at the us department of homeland security to the assistant secretary level.
2			politics	athletics	sport	race			estrada gets in some light work jason estrada had the perfect opponent last night. an inexperienced one. the pan am games gold medalist had not fought in two months because of a thumb injury and a case of plantar fasciitis that curtailed both his training and his aerobic workouts, and that layoff had his coaches concerned. unable to run until recently, the providence, r.i., ...
1			election	politics	baseball	democracy	voting	race	polling	washington	money			schilling back in game for bush the red sox right hander has recorded automated phone calls that will be made in new hampshire, maine, and pennsylvania through tuesday, election day.
1			election	politics	president	history	rating	democracy	transition	washington	strategy			presidential second terms can be painful an upbeat president bush set forth an aggressive agenda for the next four years, but he also must deal with the realities his predecessors faced second terms tend to be disappointments, often marred by scandals, infighting and lackluster performances.
4			electronics	computer	gaming	hardware	software	technology	apple	ios			'killer apps' demand computer upgrades this is turning out to be the year of the upgrade for many computer gamers, thanks to the arrival of blockbuster game titles such as doom 3 and half life 2, on its way to retail shelves after a year's worth of delays.
4			implementation	specification	standard	xml	automation			data center markup language finds home in oasis a proposed standard to enable integration, automation and better management of data center components this week will begin development under the direction of a new standards
2			baseball	soccer	sport	football	stadium	finance	money			help for home team mayor anthony williams is exploring ways to raise money to invest in neighborhoods and schools and allay critics of the mayor's plan to pay for a stadium.
4			chip	hardware	intel	technology	power	acceleration	performance	energy	speed	linux			intel sets cruise control on pentium 4 chipmaker to focus on technology and features instead of megahertz.
2			baseball	history	yankee	bat	sport	boston	football			odd things expected as red sox meet cards in game three a world series that has already produced some odd sights could produce more on tuesday when game three of the fall classic between the boston red sox and st.
2			baseball	life	basketball	mr	sport	music	football	tennis			green picks tar heels danny green jr. stood anxiously on the steps of st. mary 's friday night, watching a game that would not end. a festival atmosphere filled the manhasset night as the 6 6, 205 pound basketball
2			coaching	baseball	hockey	basketball	sport	football	coach	win			clippers escape with victory over bobcats like any team bent on abiding by an unwritten rule of following sports cliches, the clippers say they, yawn, take their games one at a time.
2			baseball	basketball	football			a look around conference usa the postponement of two games combined with several enigmatic performances by rumored contenders only served to muddle the conference usa title picture heading into week 4. fortunately, the
2			controversy	injury	statistics	baseball	doping	espn	basketball	sport	football	nba			artest banned for rest of season after ugly brawl the national basketball association suspended all star ron artest for the rest of the season and indiana pacers team mates stephen jackson for 30 games and jermaine o'neal for 25 following friday's ugly brawl.
3			income	business	ceo	revenue	growth	ft	inc			maintains profitability and growth inc. on thursday released its first quarterly results since going public, posting income of $ 1.2 million on revenue of $ 40.6 million for the three months ended july 31.
4			computer	business	ceo	management	privacy	technology	strategy	email	security			ca to name ceo in 30 to 45 days computer associates international inc. expects to fill its ceo vacancy within the next 30 to 45 days, the company said today.
2			brazil	sport	pt	football			brazilian championship matches stopped for minute of silence after ... brazilian championship matches were stopped for a minute 's silence wednesday in response to news that sao caetano defender serginho died after collapsing on the field at morumbi stadium.
1			election	america	politics	bribery	democracy	cheating	voting	fraud	money			e mail scam plays on us elections people are being warned about a scam e mail which uses the us presidential poll to part them from their cash.
2			baseball	history	war	basketball	sport	football			the fall hunt is on at arrowhead to see the kansas city chiefs' offensive line in action is like watching one giant shell game, with large, mobile men sliding from side to side, hiding priest holmes in the backfield.
3			speculation	technology	company	option	stock	market	growth	energy	finance	industry			stocks seen higher, ford ups forecast stocks were set to open higher on friday after ford motor co. raised its earnings forecasts, while a $ 1 billion share buyback at texas instruments inc. could support technology stocks.
1			politics	election	poll	kerry	strategy	debate	mccain			upcoming debates could prove pivotal because sen. john kerry is the challenger and lags president bush in most national polls, he seems to have the most to gain from a strong performance in the upcoming fall debates...
2			coaching	controversy	baseball	arbitration	volleyball	basketball	sport	football	nba			nba sues to keep pacers bans out of arbitration the nba filed a federal suit friday in an effort to block an arbitrator from hearing an appeal of the suspensions handed out to four members of the indiana pacers for fighting with fans
4			ibm	linux	business	java	technology	patent	research	silicon	industry			proxima technology teams with sun microsystems on n1 grid business wire ct. 27, 2004 xima technology today announced centauri business service manager tm software as an integral element of sun microsystems nasdaq: sunw much heralded
4			processor	computer	chip	intel	performance	memory	silicon	computing	linux			intel cancels plans for 4gh p4 in the latest change to its product line up, intel has cancelled plans to release a 4 gigahertz computer microprocessor, saying it would rely approaches besides faster clock speed to improve the performance of chips.
4			electronics	computer	manufacturing	chip	technology	semiconductor	silicon	security	industry			sia: supply chain saved chip sales faced with mountains of inventory, quick thinking by some semiconductor manufacturers helped the market avoid its first decrease in chip sales since the war in iraq began.
1			politics	diplomacy	war	democracy	sudan	corruption	conflict	terrorism	border	security			unanimity slows eu response in sudan lack of agreement keeps the eu from flexing its foreign policy muscles. that is especially apparent in darfur 's humanitarian catastrophe, which has ministers extremely concerned but unable to enforce any action.
3			chemicals	business	biotechnology	technology	marketing	company	bankruptcy	drug	money			a pall falls over forest sometimes bad things happen to good companies. consider drug maker forest laboratories nyse: frx . the company is debt free, cash rich, and pumping out free cash flow at $ 700 million a year.
4			electronics	battery	computer	technology	car	hp	phone			technogadgets for the holidays talk about an overachiever! hp 's ipaq 6315 smart phone is a sleek pocketpc and wireless phone combo that 's about as good as it gets.
4			computer	fast	privacy	technology	broadband	internet	networking	speed			high speed internet shouldn 't be delayed back in the go go days of the tech boom, there was a lot of talk about fast internet connections enabling consumers to do all manner of useful and fun things, from online banking to viewing movies online.
2			baseball	espn	basketball	scheduling	sport	football	bison	vs			champing at the bit the bison have won four consecutive games, their longest winning streak since 1998, and are anxious to take on defending meac champion north carolina a t on saturday night.
4			privacy	technology	regulation	telecommunication	patent	carrier	competition	industry			british ruling cheers voip industry update british regulatory agency ofcom has begun to map out the future for commercial net phone services. and while some issues are as yet unresolved, the organization issued a key ruling monday that was popular among carriers.
1			election	politics	putin	democracy	corruption	russia	ukraine	terrorism	politician			ukraine candidate placates 'foes' ukraine's opposition leader viktor yushchenko says there will be no political witch hunt if he becomes president.
4			computer	drive	usb	storage	technology	rs	speed	linux			toshiba has big plans for small drives company will begin production on sub 1 inch hard drive later this year.
4			algorithms	computer	evolution	machine	ibm	memory	computing			ibm to take supercomputing crown a new incarnation of blue gene l can perform 70.7 trillion calculations per second, ibm says.
3			revenue	company	finance	money	earnings	industry			vivendi universal raises profit forecast vivendi universal raised its 2004 earnings forecast as it reported a 19 percent increase in underlying third quarter profit on wednesday, driven mainly by strong mobile phone sales.
4			developer	product	windows	application	java	software	microsoft	development	apps			compuware readies tools for microsoft apps development compuware plans to enhance its suite of products for the microsoft development platform, with tools to improve application performance, code quality, and security.
1			politics	brawl	war	violence	fighting	sport	fight	action			no end to news of brawl the brawl has been over for four days, but there 's still plenty to fight about. there was action on several fronts yesterday as the players, the teams, the fans, and law
4			television	network	technology	wireless	communication	telecommunication	networking	tv			qualcomm 's field of streams if you build it, they will come... or so qualcomm hopes. the wireless chip and technology vendor is betting that if it constructs a nationwide network to stream television over cell phones, cellular
4			electronics	computer	graphic	mobility	gaming	hardware	technology	pcs	design	windows			graphic content: is it time to take the pci express? if you re planning a pc purchase, you have to decide whether the time has come to let your graphics ride the pci express. the new standard replaces the pci and agp slots that connect graphics cards and other components to your pc.
3			technology	company	growth	profit	strategy	corporation	money	earnings	industry			profit up 23 percent at general dynamics defense conglomerate general dynamics corp. said wednesday that earnings rose 23 percent in the third quarter to $ 322 million, thanks to strong results across all its divisions.
4			electronics	security	computer	privacy	technology	memory	money	surveillance			dumbing down a smartwatch researchers are developing an rfid enabled watch system to help the memory challenged find their stuff. but making sure it doesn't track too much is a big privacy concern. by michael bradbury.
3			business	ceo	amazon	technology	company	finance	bankruptcy	email	industry			open text revises 1q lower business software maker open text corp. lowered first quarter expectations tuesday due to a number of deals that will fail to close during the period.
1			election	politics	utah	democrat	california	gov	race	republican			embattled salt lake mayor quits race county mayor nancy workman, facing criminal charges of misspending taxpayer money, announced she was withdrawing from the nov. 2 election.
2			baseball	espn	sport	busch	football	stadium			busch's ambience set it apart from others even a cookie cutter stadium which is the pejorative term that came to describe the multipurpose bowls that seemed to spring up simultaneously in pittsburgh, cincinnati, atlanta, queens, philadelphia, and st. louis in the late 1960s and early '70s can have their quirks.
1			politics	election	history	democracy	poll	iran	iraq	terrorism	afghanistan			vote counting under way in afghan election, karzai expected to win the vote tally under way on friday in afghanistans landmark election was widely expected to yield an election victory for us backed interim leader hamid karzai, which would install him as the war ravaged countrys first
1			politics	authority	responsibility	control	power	money			bofh: how do you deal with authority? episode 27 the bastard wants to know
4			computer	technology	brain	ai	computing			'brainwave' cap controls computer us researchers show that a computer can be controlled by the brain without the need for implants.
4			science	satellite	computer	technology	communication	telecommunication	nasa	space			lockheed martin wins $ 3.3 billion navy contract to develop ... after a four year competition, lockheed martin corp. won a navy contract worth up to $ 3.3 billion yesterday to develop satellites that could help soldiers and sailors communicate.
2			coaching	baseball	injury	basketball	sport	rebound	football	player	nba			timberwolves griffin suspended by nba for three games embattled minnesota timberwolves player eddie griffin was suspended for the first three games of the 2004 05 season, the national basketball association announced.
4			network	privacy	broadband	technology	wireless	telecommunication	patent	phone			in brief inphonic, a washington reseller of wireless phones, priced a proposed public offering at $ 15 to $ 17 a share, which would raise $ 90 million to $ 102 million.
4			electricity	network	connectivity	mobility	privacy	technology	broadband	internet	telecommunication	speed			survey notes rise in us broadband users the number of americans who get on the internet via high speed lines has now equaled the number using dial up connections.
4			linux	network	ethernet	hardware	usb	technology	networking	patent	security	windows			sun partners for high speed ethernet sun microsystems will integrate drivers for s2io 's xframe 10 gigabit ethernet adapter into the solaris operating system for sparc, amd opteron, and intel xeon servers.
2			controversy	baseball	game	gaming	espn	sport	nfl	football			midway sending an all out blitz new m rated, non nfl game will feature off field political fallout, on field unnecessary roughness, and post play partying. at least one sports video game publisher in the industry isn 't bothered by the exclusive
2			medal	game	olympics	athletics	sport	athlete	swimming	paralympics	paralympic			britain honors olympians, paralympians with parade britain honored their olympic and paralympic medalists with a ticker tape parade through the center of london on monday. during the two mile procession, 47 olympic medalists
4			mobile	electronics	television	mobility	wireless	nokia	technology	telecommunication	multimedia			lg handset receives digital video lg electronics, the south korea based wireless handset manufacturer, has launched the first terrestrial dmb digital multimedia broadcast cell phone.
4			electronics	battery	computer	device	usb	technology	charging	reliability			apple recalls 28,000 powerbook batteries apple computer inc. thursday morning launched a voluntary worldwide 15 inch powerbook g4 battery exchange program to deal with 28,000 potentially faulty units.
4			network	ethernet	wireless	technology	networking	speed	linux			wwise group proposes 540 mbps wi fi a consortium of companies is pushing a new proposal to the ieee for 802.11n. 135 mbps in standard mode, 540 mbps maximum throughput. fast enough? ...
3			insurance	baseball	business	sport	marketing	bank	finance	money	banking			banks plan series events new england banks are racing to make the most of their world series tickets and marketing opportunities during the games. citizens financial group distributed red sox tickets to about two dozen employees through a random drawing, while bank of america corp. is encouraging its boston employees to wear red sox hats or shirts to work. an internal note asked employees, ...
4			electronics	computer	technology	sensor	patent	camera	photography	imaging	industry			kodak, ibm to make sensors for cameras eastman kodak co. and international business machines corp. thursday said they have agreed to develop and make image sensors for digital still cameras and camera phones.
4			electronics	computer	television	movie	music	technology	entertainment	tv			inventor rejoices as tvs go dark tired of blaring tv sets at shops, bars and waiting rooms? a new universal remote called the tv b gone lets users turn off virtually any set. a trial run in the streets of san francisco shows the device to be quite effective. by steven bodzin.
3			revenue	trend	sale	marketing	profit	fashion	money			hot topic 3q earnings slip 18 percent teen clothing retailer hot topic inc. said wednesday that profit fell 18 percent in the fiscal third quarter as increased costs offset higher revenue.
4			network	connectivity	ethernet	usb	technology	wireless	networking	intel	linux			intel gives centrino chip a wi fi boost the upgrade enables the chip to also connect to less common 802.11a and 802.11i versions of wi fi. san francisco: intel corp. said it has upgraded the wireless networking capabilities of its centrino line
4			pc	computer	linux	hardware	privacy	technology	pcs	security	windows			seagate ships world 's largest hd seagate technology today announced that it has shipped the world 's largest pc hard drive to various retail outlets.
1			election	politics	putin	violence	democracy	corruption	russia	ukraine	terrorism			yushchenko appeals to ukraine high court ukraine's opposition leader raised the stakes in his standoff with the kremlin backed prime minister on thursday, asking the supreme court to declare presidential election results invalid and threatening to have his supporters block key highways.
3			business	ceo	technology	microsoft	company	ibm	corporation	google			gates tops forbes list of richest in us again the nasdaq may be well off its highs of the dot com era, but tech tycoons still top the list of the wealthiest americans. for the 11th consecutive year, microsoft corp.
4			application	business	java	technology	database	networking	linux			new mysql good to go the latest point release of mysql database is now good to go, the company said wednesday. mysql 4.1, available in both open source and commercial versions, promises more enterprise worthy features and faster
1			politics	radical	history	democracy	liberal	france	religion			after saint colin, an unprincipled doctor saint colin is no more, and like many a consecrated counterpart there was always more plaster to the man than marble. gone is the administration moderate, and while radicalism is not necessarily
2			boxing	doping	athletics	race	sport	athlete	africa	competition			idowu put out by judge blunder phillips idowu dyed his hair red for the triple jump final last night and it proved prescient. four times the londoner was shown a red flag as he failed to make it into the final eight left to contend for the gold medal.
3			product	business	sale	technology	profit	toy	money			toy firm enjoys return to profit toys r us has returned to profit in its second quarter only weeks after revealing that it could sell its core toy business.
2			politics	mlb	baseball	business	soccer	basketball	sport	football	softball	gambling			baseball wrangling makes some uneasy tuesday night's d.c. council vote on baseball left some business leaders worried that the events will hurt the district's credibility with developers and financiers.
4			electronics	computer	linux	privacy	technology	innovation	hp	patent	industry			hp set to launch latest push into consumer markets hewlett packard co. on friday will unveil a range of products including its version of the ipod digital music player that raises the stakes in a war between pc and electronics makers for a spot in increasingly digitized living rooms.
4			electronics	computer	technology	car	robot	innovation	driving	vehicle	speed			pluggedin: new gadgets may divert drivers' eyes from the road drivers still learning how to talk on cell phones and maneuver at the same time are headed for an even more complex world.
1			election	politics	history	beijing	taiwan	democracy	china	voting	immigration			ping pong politicking in hong kong hong kong more than three decades after china used ping pong diplomacy to start resuming ties with the united states, beijing is trying it again this time in an attempt to influence elections in hong kong.
4			linux	hardware	technology	blade	vs	security	server			ibm and intel to open access to bladecenter specs the move will make it easier for third party hardware and software providers to create bladecenter compatible products, giving the server blade market a boost.
1			politics	election	fiscal	tax	governor	finance	republican	money			gop governors cheer election wins buoyed by president bush's re election and a political map with coast to coast republican leaders, gop governors gathered thursday to cheer their electoral fortunes and discuss solving familiar fiscal problems at home.
1			politics	election	democracy	voting	polling	poll	iran	iraq	afghanistan			vote counting begins 5 days after afghan presidential election vote counting started thursday in afghanistan 's landmark election, widely expected to install us backed interim leader hamid karzai as the war ravaged country 's first popularly chosen president.
4			television	network	microsoft	technology	internet	communication	telecommunication	tv			sbc in deal with microsoft to provide tv on high speed lines sbc communications will pay $ 400 million to microsoft for software used to deliver tv programming over high speed data lines.
4			computer	linux	software	unix	technology	silicon	intel	security	healthcare			sco 's finances reverse as legal fees mount sco group has a plan to keep itself fit enough to continue its legal battles against linux and to develop its unix on intel operating systems.
4			science	hacking	biotechnology	technology	cancer			eye scanner project scrapped a futuristic eye scanner system at a wearside school is scrapped because it is too slow.
4			computer	privacy	technology	internet	networking	google			oprah 's auto giveaway fuels web spike com september 17, 2004, 9:32 am pt. there 's no doubt the internet will continue to make its mark in the world of business and technology.
1			politics	election	conspiracy	democracy	violence	chaos	fraud	terrorism	money	fear			experts fear messy, disorderly election long lines, malfunctioning machines and dueling lawyers could turn next week's u.s. presidential election and its aftermath into a disorderly and even chaotic experience, political analysts said on tuesday.
3			business	technology	marketing	finance	advertising	pricing	consumer	money	email			briefly: tivo hires marketing chief roundup plus: jail time for california swappers?...microsoft updates home pc package...looksmart buys
2			coaching	success	basketball	athletics	sport	progress	recruiting	football	washington			a forward pass with yesterday 's report on its athletic department violations completed, the university of washington says it is pleased to be able to move forward.
4			ibm	computer	business	microsoft	technology	networking	patent	email	industry			airespace partners with ibm on wi fi service airespace inc. a silicon valley telecommunications services start up, won a partnership with ibm that will help airespace grab a piece of the growing market for wi fi services, the two companies said yesterday.
4			computer	hacking	network	ethernet	privacy	technology	cisco	networking	security	linux			cisco buys network security company perfigo networking equipment maker cisco systems inc. said that it intends to buy perfigo inc. for $ 74 million in cash, boosting the company's efforts to secure network endpoints and protect them from worms, viruses and hacking.
4			electronics	television	technology	tech	tv	vhs	toy			gift guide 1: tech toys when the notion of creating high definition, commercial broadcast television in the us first arose in the 1980s, few were ready for it.
1			politics	sen	election	democrat	gov	gen	republican	woman			dole may lead gop senate campaign panel sen. elizabeth dole has secured more than half of the votes she needs to become the first woman to lead the gop campaign committee that works to help elect republicans to the senate.
2			coaching	baseball	basketball	sport	boston	football	pitching	softball			schilling hopes to rebound from game 1 performance curt schilling isn 't going to let an injured ankle get in the way of a shot at redemption. acquired this past offseason to help the boston red sox finally get past the new york yankees, the hard throwing
2			coaching	boxing	baseball	retirement	basketball	sport	football	gambling	money			report: holyfield suspended indefinitely evander holyfield wanted to retire back on top. the new york state athletic commission apparently had other ideas.
3			business	ceo	microsoft	technology	company	stock	google			company: microsoft corporation positive stock action has been seen throughout the net sector this week, as ebay struck all time highs and google recovered 11 percent of its value.
3			business	management	warehouse	money	logistics			interview: new nz warehouse ceo sees room to grow wellington dow jones the new chief executive of discount retailer the warehouse group ltd. friday said the company has significant room to grow, and his experience
3			statistics	business	data	revenue	trend	technology	growth	patent	industry			symantec emea reports 52 per cent growth symantec corp, the global leader in info security, today announced record revenue growth for the fiscal second quarter. the september quarter marked another period of record performance for symantec.
3			ibm	statistics	business	operation	technology	bankruptcy	patent	industry			ibm to acquire life insurance processing, admin company ibmis acquiring liberty insurance services, or lis, which is the u.s. business process services operation of rbc insurance, ibm and rbc announced tuesday. lis handles life insurance and annuity processing and administration, and will become a new ibm subsidiary focused on that service.
4			computer	linux	manufacturing	hardware	technology	hp	performance	networking	ibm	server			ibm upgrades blade servers ibm will soon begin shipping upgraded models of its hs20 and js20 blade servers, including a new scsi option for the hs20 that will double the number of scsi blades that users can fit into a single chassis.
4			mobile	business	privacy	broadband	technology	wireless	telecommunication	networking	phone			is verizon's call waiting? wireless revenues make up for lackluster landlines, but the industry at large is still on hold.
3			product	business	price	sale	company	customer	bankruptcy	competition	money	industry			update 5 interstate bakeries files for bankruptcy interstate bakeries corp. ibc.n: quote, profile, research , maker of hostess twinkies and wonder bread, filed for bankruptcy on wednesday after struggling with more than $ 1.
3			success	business	technology	marketing	strategy	innovation	money			bad times boost efforts to align it, business goals cios from three organizations this week outlined steps they're taking to align it with business goals and detailed some of the results they are seeing from their efforts.
4			electronics	computer	mac	software	technology	apple	macintosh	ios			edward c. baig: personal tech new imac even more exquisite than last one a softball tech question: can you name the innovator whose gorgeously distinctive products earn praise from reviewers and almost cultish devotion from customers? the answer: apple computer.
2			baseball	basketball	sport	player	football	dallas	money	bill			bills get bounced by steelers' subs willie parker, brian st. pierre, and james harrison who are these guys, you might ask?
4			statistics	technology	enterprise	ip	internet	networking	email	industry			report predicts near doubling of ip pbx sales worldwide spending on enterprise ip pbxes should grow by 45 percent over the next year, according to an upbeat report released monday by boston based infonetics research.
4			industry	computer	technology	economics	tech	apple	money	linux			us blue chips fall as oil prices rise, but apple lifts nasdaq new york : us blue chips ended lower on monday on higher oil prices and an analyst downgrade of pharmaceutical giant pfizer; but techs managed a small gain, helped by an upgrade for apple computer.
4			security	network	china	privacy	technology	money	phone			vodafone fires opening salvo in 3g war vodafone spent billions on acquiring 3g licenses throughout europe and in japan four years ago, but as it repeatedly delayed the launch date of high speed services, investors started to wonder
2			statistics	doping	soccer	athletics	sport	germany	football	tennis			soccer player loses finger on fence a portuguese soccer player lost a finger when he caught his wedding ring on a fence while celebrating a goal for his swiss team. paolo diogo was injured after his late goal put servette ahead 4 1 sunday against schaffhausen.
4			democracy	privacy	technology	internet	phone			powell wants voip revolution news: the hype around internet phones may be getting dangerously out of hand, worries vonage co founder and voip pioneer jeff pulver.
4			battery	electricity	technology	power	energy	patent	research	linux			more money for fuel cells neah power systems, which develops fuel cells for notebooks, raises $ 12 million in venture funding.
4			cooling	battery	computer	technology	power	energy	silicon	intel	reliability			intel to throttle power by enhancing silicon power consumption continues to climb, so intel will reach into the bag of tricks to keep moore's law going.
2			baseball	hockey	basketball	sport	football	quarterback			awe freak out! the gym i attend was buzzing with anticipation for the monday night matchup between the minnesota vikings and the philadelphia eagles.
4			computer	linux	business	hardware	programming	software	technology	industry			briefly: sun draws nvidia graphics into solaris roundup plus: tibco scoops up software company...peoplesoft extends customer assurance...siebel moves toward self repairing software.
3			revenue	technology	profit	strategy	finance	rs	money	industry			sony ericsson profit rises 45 on camera phone demand sony ericsson mobile communications ltd., the mobile phone venture owned by sony corp. and ericsson ab, said third quarter profit rose 45 percent on camera phone demand and forecast this quarter will be its strongest.
4			computer	wired	network	ethernet	intel	technology	wireless	networking	silicon	linux			intel drops plans to make grantsdale chip a wi fi access point intel has dropped plans to turn its latest batch of chip sets into wireless access points, citing a lack of interest from pc vendors and the rising number of stand alone access points.
4			mobile	device	technology	smartphone	gps	nokia	phone			nokia announces 6670 smartphone, gps receiver nokia today announced its latest addition to its collection of megapixel imaging smartphones. it also announced its first bluetooth gps receiver.
4			wired	network	ethernet	technology	broadband	ip	wireless	telecommunication	networking			at posts $ 7.1 billion loss wired wireless continues its reign at the top spot among it priorities due to widespread ip telephony and wireless deployment.
4			computer	technology	power	energy	machine	ibm	speed	computing	linux			ibm supercomputer sets new speed record an ibm built supercomputer being assembled for lawrence livermore national laboratory has attained a record 70.72 trillion computations per second, the energy department said thursday.
4			mobile	singapore	technology	telecom	internet	smart	blackberry			smart, mobile one in talks for tie up philippines mobile phone operator smart communications inc. is in talks with singapore 's mobile one for a possible tie up, businessworld reported monday.
4			computer	business	secrecy	privacy	technology	strategy	risk	money	security			small firms vie for slice of security pie small technology businesses in the washington area have learned that breaking into the homeland security business is a lot harder than they'd expected. just getting a call returned or a proposal considered is a victory.
2			baseball	history	statistics	athletics	sport	football	pitching	green			the passion of the athlete shawn green is a vital player in the los angeles dodgers run toward the playoffs. the all star first baseman hit a two run, ninth inning home run sunday to lift the dodgers to a 7 6 victory over the colorado rockies.
2			baseball	statistics	soccer	sport	football	brazil	finland			corrected forssell could be out for six months in helsinki story soccer forssell could be out for six months please read in intro ... a national team spokesman said... instead of ...finland 's football association said... corrects source . also, in para
1			politics	violence	democracy	interference	censorship	corruption	terrorism	torture			chirac criticises interference in iraq hostages release ... french president jacques chirac has lashed out at a private initiative to secure the release of two french hostages in iraq as interference and said he hoped it would not thwart the delicate process, aides said saturday.
1			election	politics	democracy	voting	polling	syria	iran	iraq	afghanistan			iraqi officials consider extending voting period iraq 's independent electoral commission said on wednesday it may consider holding next month 's elections over an extended period, as prime minister iyad allawi had suggested.
2			coaching	baseball	statistics	espn	basketball	sport	recruiting	football	coach	competition			wvu hoops ninth in preseason poll two wins in last season 's nit and five returning starters apparently get you just one thing in big east conference basketball.
4			computer	atari	game	graphic	gaming	technology	linux			atari launches 64 bit amd 64 game chip firm amd has got itself very excited because atari has released a game that takes advantage of 64 bitness. the game, called shadow ops: red mercury, has more detail, uses artificial intelligence and never before seen textures .
4			electronics	sony	engineering	manufacturing	technology	innovation	design	industry			sony wares win innovation award electronics giant sony has won an innovation award for its brave commitment to design.
3			business	ceo	china	shareholder	company	oracle	bankruptcy	email			oracle again extends peoplesoft offer oracle corp. has again extended its $ 7.7 billion cash offer for peoplesoft inc. by two weeks. shareholders now have until oct. 22 to tender their shares, oracle said thursday.
2			baseball	statistics	australia	sport	football	cricket	weather	cricketer			cricket icc anti corruption team to probe nairobi tournament cricket kiwis cling on as aussies go for the jugular 11 29 2004, 09:02 adelaide, australia, nov 29 afp new zealand kept an eye on the weather to save them as they frustrated australia 's efforts to wrap up another fast tracked victory in the second
1			politics	election	controversy	democracy	voting	privacy	law	lawsuit	litigation	money			a look at lawsuits, voting problems many states are facing legal challenges over possible voting problems nov. 2. a look at some of the developments thursday:
4			industry	network	ethernet	technology	cisco	networking	ibm	security	reliability			cisco systems earnings rise, stock falls cisco systems inc., the biggest maker of equipment that directs data over the internet, on tuesday said quarterly earnings rose 29 percent on stronger demand for its networking gear.
3			ads	brand	branding	marketing	advertising	commercial			on the web, branding is back honda 's experience is being played out all over the web, prompting experts to predict a rebirth in brand advertising online. these ads which are generally rich media, meaning they include
2			rating	baseball	statistics	television	espn	sport	tv			ratings off to a good start saturday night's game 1 world series telecast returned a 13.7 national rating 25 share , the highest number for a game 1 since the 1999 opener of the yankees braves series delivered a 14.2 26 share on nbc. it was the highest rated world series game 1 for fox since it began broadcasting baseball in 1996 nbc retained the series in 1997 and ...
4			technology	option	finance	strategy	competition	money	security	industry			new $ 8.8b tender offer requires removal of poison pill oracle corp. on monday raised its hostile bid for rival peoplesoft to $ 8.8 billion, calling the bid its best and final offer, as ceo larry ellison raised the stakes in a 17 month takeover
4			mobile	technology	wireless	internet	communication	networking	phone			at 's text only device debuts aiming to please texting crazed young americans, at wireless services inc. is today launching a hand held device called ogo that lets people send unlimited
2			athens	doping	olympic	olympics	athletics	sport	football	greece	athlete			olympics: greek sprinters finally get chance to put case greece 's top two sprinters should finally get to put their case on wednesday in a drugs investigation that has shamed and angered the olympic host nation.
4			electronics	dell	software	technology	patent	silicon	linux			dell rides wave to consumer gadgets consumers buy dell products directly from the company rather than through retail stores. that has allowed dell to gobble market share for pcs, laptops and servers and become the no.
4			cable	television	network	technology	microsoft	content	networking	tv	windows			comcast announces broad microsoft tv software deployment comcast cable this month will turn up the first us commercial deployment of microsoft tv foundation edition, a digital cable software platform that includes an interactive program guide and supports dual tuner digital video recording dvr services.
4			software	technology	marketing	subscription	copyright	finance	advertising	networking	content	consumer			enterprises not hot for subscription software while software makers are planning to move more of their products to a subscription basis, 64 percent of the buyers surveyed still prefer the old way of doing things.
4			hacking	network	privacy	technology	wireless	broadband	telecommunication	networking	number			senate panel weighs in on wireless directory committee voted to require wirless firms to get the approval of customers before listing their numbers in public directories.
4			processor	computer	hardware	intel	technology	apple	hp	silicon	linux			nvidia strikes processor deal with intel analysts say the agreement was a boost to both companies since it will pave the way for nvidia get access to millions more desktop computers built on intel processors and because intel will
4			job	employee	network	privacy	technology	company	telecommunication	networking	industry			nortel trims layoff plan telecommunications equipment maker nortel networks will not lay off as many employees as it previously predicted, the company said thursday.
2			baseball	hockey	statistics	schedule	espn	retirement	sport	golf	stats			schilling set for operation: expected back in february two days before results of the 2004 american league cy young award balloting are to be announced, red sox stats, schedule right hander curt schilling stats, news
3			inflation	investor	investing	company	stock	growth	finance	profit	money	earnings			update 1: goldman sachs posts higher 4q profit investment banking firm goldman sachs group inc. said thursday that fourth quarter earnings rose 23 percent to beat wall street expectations.
4			ibm	business	china	software	technology	company	oracle	patent	industry			talks could again boost oracle 's peoplesoft bid wells fargo securities raised the target price on peoplesoft nasdaq: psft news people to $ 26, following oracle 's increased bid of $ 24 per share for the enterprise software company.
4			industry	source	revenue	technology	telecommunication	growth	competition	privatization			ciena's loss tempered by rise in revenue ciena officials stressed that the revenue growth was the result of a two year effort to diversify ciena's products and customer base to include cable operators, government entities and telecommunications companies.
4			virus	computer	hacking	privacy	technology	encryption	terrorism	security			terminating spyware with extreme prejudice have adware and spyware commandeered your computer? an extreme solution: erasing your hard drive and starting over.
3			business	ceo	management	marketing	beer	bankruptcy	competition	money	brewing			molson boss says molson coors mer canadian brewer molson inc. 's proposed merger with adolph coors co. may lack sufficient shareholder support because there soon may be another offer to consider, molson 's chief
4			industry	electronics	quality	philip	sale	technology	marketing	consumer	reliability			philips posts best quarterly results in four years often pigeonholed as just a seller of televisions and dvd players, royal philips electronics said tuesday that its third quarter profit surged despite
4			politics	computer	privacy	broadband	technology	company	internet	telecommunication	corporation			broadband in suburbia in many ways, brambleton looks like any of the new housing developments that have popped up near dulles airport. except coursing under its crisp green lawns and treeless streets is a fiber optic network with internet access at speeds once reserved for the largest corporations.
3			business	china	oracle	finance	competition	email	industry			oracle extends offer for peoplesoft business software maker oracle corp. said on thursday it extended again its $ 7.7 billion hostile tender offer for peoplesoft inc.
4			cyber	hacking	privacy	technology	vulnerability	terrorism	security			tougher cyber security measures urged a group representing technology industry executives tuesday called on the bush administration to step up efforts to protect the nation's computer and internet infrastructure, and proposed that the position of national cyber security director be elevated.
1			politics	business	power	greed	change	money	ethics	leadership			sun: we ve turned over a new leaf sun microsystems executives have rarely been known for meekness, but the company 's new chief operating officer took a tone of humility while arguing that the company has mended its ways.
4			computer	school	learning	privacy	technology	internet	child	education			computers 'do not boost learning' internet access does not make adults more likely to take part in formal education, research suggests.
4			electronics	computer	graphic	television	hardware	technology	tv	intel	linux			intel delays first tv chip in another setback, the chipmaker says a processor for large screen projection tvs won't come out this year.
4			processor	chip	hardware	technology	performance	networking	core	intel	industry			amd releases details of 90 nm opterons, multicore chips amd quietly published first specs of the first 90 nm opteron processors and talked about opterons with up to eight cores during a conference with analysts.
4			processor	computer	chip	hardware	intel	technology	performance	silicon	linux			amd dual core design fuels chip race with intel amd has raised the stakes with intel as the pair prepare to do battle over dual core processors following last week 's demonstration of a dual core x86 opteron.
4			stealth	chip	intel	technology	evolution	performance	efficiency	speed			intel 's stealth release in his recent review of the athlon 64 fx 55 processor, jason cross noted other things being equal, these chips have demonstrated nearly 100 clock scaling efficiency in many cases.
4			electronics	computer	hardware	intel	technology	power	silicon	speed	linux			intel's pentium m finally attracting u.s. consumers mobile chip makes inroads as prices drop and intel de emphasizes clock speed.
4			linux	hardware	software	privacy	vulnerability	reliability	security	windows			security vulnerabilities discovered in winxp sp2 sotua writes few months after sp2 hit , finjan software reports that security flaws have been found in winxp sp2, including malicous code execution without user intervention.
3			industry	business	oracle	strategy	bankruptcy	competition	consolidation	merger			antitrust ruling reverberates oracle corp. was not the only beneficiary of a federal judge's ruling late thursday that it could proceed with its 7.7 billion hostile takeover bid for software rival peoplesoft inc. yesterday, the stock prices of numerous software firms surged during widespread speculation that the antitrust ruling could spark a wave of consolidation in the industry.
4			graphic	intel	technology	storage	performance	memory	silicon	computing	linux			samsung doubles graphics memory density samsung electronics said today that it has made a memory manufacturing breakthrough that allows it to produce a graphics memory chip that is faster than any other on the market.
4			thin	electronics	computer	linux	technology	apple	silicon	computing	windows			apple unveils super thin imac apple computer launched the newest version of its imac model, which at two inches five centimeters is the worlds thinnest desktop computer, the company said.
3			sale	company	stock	growth	profit	finance	money	earnings			ebay meets estimates as profits jump ebay ebay , the world 's largest online marketplace, wednesday posted a quarterly profit that rose 77 from a year ago, fueled by growth in its international and paypal businesses.
1			election	politics	democracy	love	money			afghan election notebook 5 out for the count i admit i was fast asleep when the moment came, although the moment wasn 't really the moment. it was mid afternoon on sunday, 24 october.
4			technology	company	communication	telecommunication	money			pepco sells starpower stake for $ 29 million pepco communications said yesterday that it sold its stake in starpower communications llc to rcn corp., its partner in starpower, for $ 29 million.
4			network	privacy	web	technology	internet	networking	email			directv to write off net via satellite effort this priority retains its ranking at number five as more and more companies deploy web services to share business logic, data and processes with each other and with clients.
2			baseball	television	nbc	sport	abc	football	tv	money			colts respected coach needs to be heard on issue by now, most of us can agree that abc 's monday night football opening was lasciviously over the top, a crass effort at cross promotion and titillation.
2			coaching	match	club	germany	sport	football	bundesliga	coach	relegation			rostock coach resigns following debacle hansa rostock coach juri schluenz resigned sunday following a 6 0 loss at home to hamburg. the loss left rostock in the basement of the bundesliga with eight points from 13 matches.
3			trend	china	technology	company	stock	growth	corporation	money	industry			u.s. stocks rise at the open u.s. stocks opened higher on wednesday, as mcdonald's corp. said third quarter earnings rose sharply and quarterly reports from intel corp. and yahoo inc. pleased wall street, lifting technology shares.
4			computer	graphic	microsoft	technology	performance	copyright	bankruptcy	patent	industry			nvidia is vindicated the graphics chip company recaptures the high end segment and quadruples profits.
3			inflation	trade	manufacturing	trend	price	sale	market	stock	export	industry			businesses' inventories rise; july sales up the commerce department said that stocks of unsold goods increased by 0.9 percent in july, down from a 1.1 percent rise in june.
4			graphic	device	usb	storage	technology	samsung	multimedia	memory			samsung debuts thumbnail mobile phone memory card at just 12 x 14 x 1.1mm, samsung 's mmcmicro device is one third the size of reduced size multimedia cards currently in use. the mmcmicro can read at 10 mbps and write at 7 mbps.
3			computer	business	chip	million	kid	fraud	money			meet the new boss, same as the old boss? when heir apparent paul otellini takes the reins, what will the chipmaker look like?
4			television	software	privacy	technology	microsoft	internet	telecommunication	tv	windows			report: sbc sets tv deal with microsoft sbc communications, the no. 2 u.s. telecommunications company, has agreed to pay $ 400 million to microsoft corp. for software that can deliver television via high speed data lines, the new york times reported on wednesday.
3			employee	ceo	company	growth	profit	compensation	bankruptcy	loss	money			manugistics plans layoffs as losses mount manugistics group inc., facing falling revenue and losses that more than doubled in its second quarter, said thursday it will lay off more than 90 employees by the end of january.
4			electronics	computer	privacy	technology	communication	telecommunication	networking	phone			three ways technology brings people together the holidays are coming. now, more than ever, the desire is to be close to friends and family. while not everyone can catch a plane or train to be with the ones they love, today 's communications technologies
4			electronics	philip	manufacturing	chip	technology	nokia	semiconductor	silicon	security	industry			philips warns that sales of its chips are stalling amsterdam philips electronics, europe 's third largest maker of semiconductors, on friday reduced its third quarter chip sales forecast, saying demand is waning.
3			business	trend	chicago	marketing	option	retail	money			specialty retail tales two months ago i pitted a struggling hot topic nasdaq: hott against a vibrant american eagle outfitters nasdaq: aeos . with the former expanding despite a troubling dip in same store sales while the latter
4			mobile	radio	television	network	technology	telecommunication	tv	phone			big five set their sights on mobile tv tv broadcasts to the mobile phone moved a step nearer reality today when the big five handset vendors announced a co operation deal to investigate mobile broadcast services.
2			statistics	retirement	basketball	sport	nba	money			nba rundown: how good is was scottie pippen? one of the nba 's all time greats, or a marvelously blessed opportunist who was in the right place at the right time? scottie pippen 's place in nba history probably will be debated longer than pippen himself
3			business	investor	investment	investing	mining	greed	gold	money			interview: gwalia has been approached by gold ops buyers perth dow jones financially distressed australian mining company sons of gwalia ltd. said monday that it has been approached by several parties interested in buying its gold business.
4			business	network	sport	technology	marketing	internet	communication	telecommunication	networking			so long, long distance the olympic games are now history, but not at 's nyse: t news 25 million ad campaign to redefine its image. after years of getting clobbered by the regional bell companies such as bellsouth nyse: bls news , verizon nyse: vz news , sprint nyse: fon news , and mci nasdaq: mcip news , the company has turned its business focus from traditional phone service to networking.
4			computer	hacking	privacy	technology	vulnerability	encryption	networking	security			ibm beefs up security on thinkpad t42 ibm 's business workhorse notebook gets a fingerprint reader and an upgraded suite of security tools. we take a first look. ibm 's 'thin and light thinkpad t42 already offers one of the most complete security solutions available on a notebook.
2			coaching	baseball	basketball	sport	sex	recruiting	wnba	football	coach			uconn assistant coach placed on administrative leave connecticut placed assistant men 's basketball coach clyde vaughan on paid administrative leave thursday after his arrest in a prostitution sting.
4			battery	electronics	device	technology	smartphone	nokia	phone			nokia combats counterfeit batteries in an effort to combat now common counterfeit batteries, nokia has launched a new program that will allow consumers to accurately tell if a battery is made by nokia.
2			baseball	time	football			skirmish delays a 's win eric chavez singled in the winning run, the fourth lead change in the final four innings of a crazy game. it 's was almost like a kickoff of a football game, chavez said.
1			politics	democrat	voting	race	black	republican	racism	color			poll: kerry has wide support among blacks blacks prefer democratic presidential candidate john kerry over president bush by a nearly 4 to 1 margin, though their support for the democrat is down slightly from the backing al gore received in 2000, according to a poll released tuesday.
4			electronics	battery	computer	linux	hardware	software	privacy	technology	windows			pluggedin: the oqo is not just another handheld device a full fledged windows xp computer that's a fraction of the size of a laptop seems like the answer to the digerati's prayers, but the praise greeting the oqo model 01 has been decidedly muted.
4			computer	intel	investing	technology	networking	semiconductor	silicon	security	linux			intel invests in mccaw 's clearwire the santa clara, calif. semiconductor giant yesterday said it was investing an undisclosed amount in clearwire, the kirkland wireless internet startup that mccaw introduced earlier this year.
2			baseball	sport	music	football	marketing	stadium	advertising	money			a naming rights offer writ small corporate donors who couldn't afford to pony up millions a year to affix their brand names to gillette stadium or the fleetcenter might consider this: for a mere $ 200,000, they can now buy the naming rights to a performance studio at a worcester radio station.
4			windows	application	app	software	microsoft	testing	apps			ms releases xp sp2 app testing guide enterprise developers looking for a guide to test applications against the new windows xp service pack 2 sp2 are getting some help from microsoft quote, chart .
4			product	device	hardware	sale	storage	technology			q3 integrated graphics chip shipments soar despite the big overall increase, shipments of standalone chips for desktop graphics cards grew just 2.3 per cent, jpr said. shipments of integrated desktop graphics chips were up 25.1 per cent, while their
4			ibm	computer	network	technology	cisco	telecommunication	networking	patent	email	industry			cisco systems earnings rise 29 percent cisco systems inc. , the biggest maker of equipment that directs data over the internet, on tuesday said quarterly earnings rose 29 percent on stronger demand for gear such as wireless networks and internet telephone equipment.
3			ceo	trend	sale	marketing	company	stock	growth	competition	retail			ftse hits 3 week low top shares have fallen to a three week low after an early jump on the back of positive corporate news failed to gather momentum and stronger than expected retail sales data
3			statistics	business	manufacturing	technology	company	innovation	ibm	productivity	industry			select one: html text ibm ibm and the rest of the tech industry might have a better year than most onlookers expected. ibm 's third quarter earnings, released after us markets closed monday, rose 15 from
4			network	ethernet	privacy	technology	wireless	encryption	networking	security			wi fi group backs brawnier security standard an alliance says that wi fi protected access 2, or wpa2, is a big improvement on earlier wireless security standards.
2			politics	history	youth	sport	football	revenge	age	money			wenger set for big game arsene wenger knows when to mock his own seriousness. asked on friday how he was celebrating his 55th birthday, the arsenal manager replied that he would be watching football tapes.
4			wired	network	ethernet	technology	broadband	internet	wireless	networking	intel	linux			intel invests in new wireless venture hoping to accelerate the deployment of a new wireless technology, intel corp. announced monday it's invested in a venture started by billionaire craig mccaw to deliver high speed internet service over the airwaves.
4			science	genetics	biotechnology	technology	marketing	pharmaceuticals	patent	drug	research	cancer			genentech receives us subpoena in rituxan marketing probe genentech inc., the world 's second biggest biotechnology company, received a subpoena from the us attorney 's office in philadelphia as part of a criminal and civil investigation into marketing of its top selling drug, rituxan.
4			mobile	network	wireless	broadband	nokia	technology	telecom	telecommunication	phone			ntt docomo launches wi fi 3g cell phone japan's ntt docomo nyse: dcm has launched a wi fi cellular phone that telecom industry analysts say is the first of its kind.
4			e	publishing	technology	paper	printing			epson developing e paper, giant flexible screens seiko epson is developing flexible display technologies that could lead to e paper that can be rolled up and folded as a replacement for paper based newspapers or magazines.
4			itunes	app	privacy	technology	content	multimedia			orb unveils new service for digital media in a move sure to raise the eyebrows of hollywood and its partners, a california startup will unveil a service monday that allows subscribers to remotely access their digital media files even watch live television from any gadget with an internet connection.
1			election	nigeria	constitution	politics	democracy	parliament	corruption	kenya	terrorism			kenya mps rebel over constitution some 80 kenyan mps storm out of parliament in the latest twist in a row over a new constitution.
4			wikipedia	business	technology	company	internet	corporation	google	industry			professor deconstructs dot com bombs david a. kirsch and a rotating staff of loyal students have created a digital database that lists more than 2,300 companies, archives that may someday prove useful in capturing the craziness of the internet boom.
2			baseball	sport	boston	football	money			schilling gets 20th as red sox romp curt schilling got his 20th win on the eve of boston 's big series with the new york yankees. now he wants much more. in a couple of weeks, hopefully, it will get a lot better, he said after becoming
3			business	manufacturing	technology	company	growth	bce	patent	corporation	canada	industry			bce hikes dividend, sees '05 growth bce inc. unveiled its first dividend increase in 10 years on wednesday and said it expects higher revenue and per share profit next year, mainly from wireless, video and high speed internet services.
2			coaching	team	game	rocket	basketball	sport	houston	playoff	nba			rockets down clippers 91 86 in ot tracy mcgrady scored 32 points to lead visiting houston rockets beating the los angeles clippers 91 86 in overtime. it is the rockets seventh straight win over the clippers, and
3			success	ge	business	recovery	growth	innovation	bankruptcy	change			ge's transformation seen paying off in 05 after three years of playing down expectations, general electric chief executive jeff immelt has delivered on the most important promise of his tenure by telling analysts and investors exactly what they wanted to hear: ge is back.
4			computer	graphic	linux	chip	hardware	intel	technology	silicon	color			amd loses nvidia monopoly intel users will be able to use nvidia graphics hardware in the future after a surprise announcement from the two companies. the deal will be welcomed by users who will be able to use nvidia 's nforce platform
4			electronics	computer	technology	power	semiconductor	silicon	intel	linux			intel goes public with wimax plans idf fall '04 sampling silicon right now
4			windows	technology	evolution	microsoft	strategy	apple	innovation	linux			microsoft cuts key longhorn feature scaling back ambitions for its biggest product
3			travel	business	vacation	tourism	work	traveling	money			this week in travel tech the segway coast to coast? sure it works, as long as you don't mind taking your time.
4			windows	business	china	hardware	software	technology	evolution	microsoft	linux			microsoft commits to 2006 target for next windows the next version of the windows operating system, microsoft corp. 's msft.o: quote, profile, research flagship product, will ship in 2006, the world 's largest software maker said on friday.
1			politics	election	history	democracy	washington	debate	diversity			bush, kerry return to trail, take different tacks more than changing the dynamic of a race that has tightened in the past 10 days, friday's debate served to set up wednesday's encounter as an opportunity to provide momentum to one of the candidates going into the final weeks of the election.
2			baseball	sport	nfl	football	baltimore			ravens' win comes too late the baltimore ravens showed exactly why they had to depend on outside help to reach the playoffs. baltimore needed to beat the miami dolphins and have three other games fall its way to earn a wild card berth. the ravens did their part, stumbling to a 30 23 victory yesterday, but failed to get the help they needed elsewhere and ...
3			business	trend	management	marketing	shareholder	company	growth	strategy	competition	industry			coca cola revises financial targets coca cola co. will damp growth prospects for next year and outline plans to increase marketing and innovation expenses by as much as $ 400 million on an annual basis when management speaks to analysts and investors later thursday.
3			trading	inflation	price	company	stock	market	oil	corporation	industry			stocks rise, led by oil, metal companies u.s. stocks edged higher on tuesday as rising oil and other commodity prices drove up shares of major energy and metal producers.
2			baseball	game	olympic	olympics	soccer	athletics	sport	football	transportation			sports briefs november 12, 2004 the final cost of the athens olympics soared to about $ 11.6 billion at least $ 3.1 billion more than originally estimated. the figure did not include transportation projects such as the new tram line, suburban
3			business	revenue	sale	technology	marketing	company	growth	profit	money			netapp posts profits, continues hiring spree network appliance posted positive results for its first quarter of 2005 on wednesday, reporting a 38 percent increase in revenue compared to the same quarter last year, and said it intends to continue hiring 200 new people a quarter.
3			relationship	business	sex	love	money			master of the nerdiverse craig newmark could become a dot org millionaire. he'd rather help you find a cheap sublet, a cool job and maybe even a date. by josh mchugh from wired magazine.
4			network	connectivity	ethernet	technology	cisco	networking	switch	availability	security			cisco routers add services cisco systems this week will introduce a new line of routers with integrated services that combine concurrent data, security, and voice features in one system.
3			business	marketing	greed	profit	advertising	drug	money			hard times at krispy kreme it was a bad day yesterday for the doughnut maker krispy kreme, a wall street darling just a year ago. reporting its third quarter earnings, the company, based in winston salem, nc, said
2			coaching	baseball	injury	espn	basketball	brown	sport	football			brown steps forwrad kwame brown completes his first full practice since having foot surgery and gets rave reviews from coach eddie jordan. brown is still expected out until december.
4			computer	network	connectivity	ethernet	wireless	distance	internet	networking			taking ethernet the distance a group of international researchers transmits data over a 10 gigabit ethernet link farther than anyone else to date.
2			politics	game	olympics	sex	sport	football	censorship	athlete	playboy			judge rejects injunction by organizers over use of olympic symbols the local issue of playboy remained on newsstands friday, after a judge rejected a request for a temporary injunction filed by athens games organizers over the magazine 's use of olympic symbols in a photo spread.
2			baseball	espn	soccer	athletics	sport	football	stadium	attendance			rfk due to retain prime soccer seating dc united will retain its lucrative base of sideline seats at rfk stadium despite the arrival of baseball at the 43 year old stadium, according to plans being developed by the dc sports entertainment commission.
4			mobile	roaming	network	mobility	connectivity	ethernet	broadband	wireless	telecommunication	networking			wireless operators ink wifi roaming agreements seven leading wireless operators, led by t mobile usa, have signed roaming agreements that bring seamless worldwide high speed internet access another step closer.
1			election	politics	taiwan	result	democracy	china	voting	candidate	religion			hong kong votes in close poll, focus on more democracy hong kong residents voted on sunday in a legislative election that could bring big gains for the democracy camp, which has angered beijing by demanding universal suffrage in the former british colony.
4			network	termination	technology	communication	networking	security	industry			nortel plans to lay off 3,250 employees nortel networks corp. will lay off approximately 1,400 employees in the u.s. and about 950 in canada, with those employees to be notified by the end of june 2005, the network equipment vendor said in a regulatory filing thursday that fleshed out earlier announcements of the coming layoffs.
4			computer	hardware	technology	networking	patent	intel	computing	linux			kudos to microsoft for dual core chip plans opinion: the company 's decision to keep per processor licensing for upcoming multicore technology is a win for customers, but of more immediate licensing concern are grid, partitioning and utility computing.
1			election	politics	democracy	political	corruption	power	money			golkar party congress to see 'sharks fight for control this week 's golkar party congress will feature rich, deceptive and powerful people bidding to win the chairmanship of the party, which controls the most seats in the house of representatives.
2			baseball	school	basketball	conference	sport	athletics	recruiting	football	scheduling			3 schools set to join sun belt conference this is the last season the sun belt conference will be scattered across the country.
1			politics	election	war	democracy	india	violence	conflict	afghanistan	terrorism	insurgency			tamil tigers warn of resumed violence sri lanka 's tamil tiger insurgency is threatening to resume armed struggles unless the government accepts the rebels blueprint for self rule.
4			network	technology	wireless	communication	telecommunication	patent			cingular completes at t wireless acquisition following approval from two u.s. government agencies, cingular wireless llc has completed the $ 41 billion acquisition of at t wireless services inc., creating the nation's largest wireless carrier.
4			computer	hardware	intel	technology	apple	hp	silicon	computing	linux			intel cancels top speed pentium 4 chip intel corp. on thursday canceled plans to introduce its highest speed desktop computer chip, ending for now a 25 year run that has seen the speeds of intel's microprocessors increase by more than 750 times.
4			quality	style	price	technology	cost	design	windows			newest apple is bite sized apple 's latest imac g5 desktop computer once again raises the issue of style vs. cost. on the one hand, the imac is more expensive than roughly comparable desktop computers running windows therefore making windows the better value.
3			politics	business	ceo	oracle	bankruptcy	email			ceo 's firing rocks world of tech longtime oracle target peoplesoft ... peoplesoft inc. said friday it had fired ceo craig conway, raising the possibility that the company, which until now has fought fiercely for its independence, will succumb to oracle corp.
4			electronics	computer	linux	chip	intel	technology	apple	silicon	industry			intel cancels plan to enter digital tv chip market intel corp. on thursday said it has scrapped plans to enter the digital television chip business, marking a retreat from a major component of its consumer electronics initiative.
2			baseball	england	match	soccer	sport	football	fifa	competition			carling cup has its uses for some the carling cup is a dull and meaningless sideshow during the english football season and there would be no tears if it was scrapped off the calendar.
4			chip	hardware	technology	performance	intel	linux			nvidia 's new chip with turbocache nvidia 's new chip is a version of its existing mainstream geforce 6200 pci express chip but with the added bonus of turbocache.
3			business	china	sale	technology	marketing	korea	samsung	industry			samsung faces concerns over margins concern over falling profit margins at samsung electronics co. ltd. grew on thursday as the company said it was spending more on handset marketing and a top broker issued a sell rating on its stock for the first time in years.
4			mobile	mobility	privacy	technology	migration	networking	diversity			a low key migration change is coming for at t wireless's 21.7 million customers although they wouldn't know it from watching the company's commercials or shopping in its stores.
4			electronics	engineering	manufacturing	trend	technology	innovation	design	industry			elcoteq focuses on design to tap hefty demand elcoteq is targeting growth by strengthening its focus on design services to tap surging demand in the mobile handset market, europe's top electronics manufacturing services firm said.
4			electronics	philip	manufacturing	technology	manufacturer	apple	semiconductor	silicon	industry			philips warns sees 2005 slowdown philips, europe's top consumer electronics group, cut the sales forecast for its closely watched chip unit on friday and predicted much smaller growth for the semiconductor industry next year.
4			electronics	battery	computer	music	privacy	technology	car	tv	phone			pointlessly, imperfectly portable a new, microsoft conceived handheld device that presents video and photos as well as music would be a decent idea if there weren 't such a thing as lampposts.
4			computer	unix	software	privacy	technology	copyright	piracy	security	linux			sco website defaced again malicious hackers have once again compromised the sco groups website, the second time in as many days. the messages on the website appear to mock the companys ownership claims over various parts of the linux operating system.
4			computer	linux	unix	software	technology	evolution	microsoft	performance	reliability	windows			q a: sgi leader looks for altix oems when the top500 list of the world's most powerful computers is published monday, the 10,240 processor columbia supercomputer that silicon graphics inc. sgi recently built for nasa's national aeronautics and space administration's ames research center is expected to be the number two system on the list. columbia is a much needed success for sgi, which has been struggling to reclaim customers lost during an ill fated foray into the windows market during the late 1990s. since taking the reins of the company in 1999, bob bishop, an 18 year sgi veteran, has refocused sgi on its core technical markets, and bet the company's future on the three core technologies in its altix line of servers: the linux operating system, intel corp.'s itanium processor architecture, and sgi's own numaflex system design. with numaflex, sgi has been able to scale linux to unprecedented levels.
4			product	pc	device	technology	microsoft	ip	hp	pcs	gateway	windows			gateway launches pcs for retailers gateway has introduced the first products in a new line of desktop pcs for sale at major retailers throughout north america, following through on plans to broaden the company's reach beyond direct sales channels.
4			electronics	computer	computing	technology	mathematics	nasa	aerospace	silicon	space	physics			sgi wins supercomputer crown for the moment a new supercomputer named columbia has claimed the title of world 's fastest. the computer, built by silicon graphics for nasa at the ames research center in silicon valley, includes 10,240 itanium
4			politics	computer	publishing	privacy	technology	networking	journalism			rojo blog launched today we launched our rojo blog: we are very pleased to announce a new company: rojo networks, inc. our mission is to make online content more accessible and useful for information consumers, and our free internet service, rojo, aims to do just that. in early 2003 the founders of rojo met for the first time in a cafe in san francisco. we had come from different backgrounds chris alden had been a co founder of red herring communications and so had come from a publishing perspective while kevin burton had developed and was soon to release an rss reader called newsmonster see who else is involved in rojo here but we shared a passionate belief that with the revolution in online writing, ...
1			election	abortion	politics	violence	democracy	fraud			please hand the opposition the silver bullet ... so it may finally ... university de los andes ula lecturer jutta schmitt writes: in the wake of the presidential recall referendum and as soon as the preliminary results had been announced by the national elections council cne in the early morning hours of monday, august 16
2			baseball	history	england	australia	rugby	sport	football	cricket			rugby australia edges out england in thriller australia showed all its famed resilience to withstand a fierce fightback by england and beat the world champion 21 19 in a thunderous world cup final repeat yesterday.
4			mobile	technology	nokia	smartphone	phone			nokia says handset market to slow, share to rise nokia , the world's largest mobile phone maker, expects slowing mobile phone growth in 2005 but plans to launch more phones next year and regain lost market share, the company said on thursday.
4			arm	linux	manufacturing	software	biotechnology	technology	patent	industry			arm holdings buys us tech firm microprocessor designer arm holdings buys us tech firm artisan for about $ 913m.
2			jones	baseball	basketball	sport			galveston 's jones now dishing to shaq ball high grad damon jones can list a number of reasons why he signed with the miami heat during the offseason, but at the top of that list is one word haq.
2			baseball	yankee	sport	football	money			mussina outduels pedro as yanks roll it was about taking care of business, or maybe it was about the boston red sox not gain. the yankees didnt play their best game, but because the red
2			coaching	bc	espn	basketball	sport	boston	football	washington			bc's goal: get back on track for all the mistakes and squandered scoring chances by boston college in saturday's 17 14 loss at wake forest, coach tom o'brien was not prepared yesterday to say his eagles beat themselves in their nonconference game against their future atlantic coast conference rival.
1			election	politics	inflation	france	corruption	economics	finance	money			french conservatives vie for party loyalty a close ally of president jacques chirac was appointed monday to head france 's powerful finance ministry, in a signal the french president has no intention of serving as lame duck
1			politics	election	history	war	democracy	corruption	power	terrorism	africa	torture			thatcher waits to hear coup questions sir mark thatcher was today waiting to find out when he will be questioned over his alleged involvement in an attempted coup in equatorial guinea.
4			developer	programming	software	privacy	evolution	feature	technology	linux			allchin: don't call it 'shorthorn' despite the removal of an advanced file system, longhorn will not be short on features, jim allchin tells cnet
4			computer	business	technology	microsoft	internet	ibm	email	industry			ibm wins big contract from lloyds ibm has signed a seven year, 969.2 million contract with british bank lloyds tsb to supply it with internet telephony and data services, ibm said on monday.
4			computer	hardware	space	technology	storage	networking	ibm	security	linux			smaller boxes, bigger plans for ibm storage ibm 's new four year storage strategy, laid out last week, came with a few surprises. first, the talk was all about gee whiz hardware and lower costs, not related services.
3			income	revenue	price	sale	tax	profit	money	earnings			national semi cuts guidance high performance analog chipmaker national semiconductor today lowered its revenue guidance for its fiscal q2. the new guidance for the quarter calls for revenues to range from $ 445 million to $ 450 million
4			electronics	computer	engineering	intel	technology	apple	ibm	engineer	silicon	industry			intel names 30 year veteran ceo intel corp. named president paul s. otellini as its next chief executive officer, for the first time choosing a non engineer to run the world's largest computer chip maker.
4			electronics	explosion	battery	safety	device	technology	nokia	exploding			nokia unveils program to identify counterfeit batteries washington nokia corp. of finland today unveiled a new program to help consumers identify original batteries of the no. 1 mobile phone manufacturer, an action that comes in the face of reports of exploding
3			product	business	revenue	price	sale	inventory	marketing	profit	retail			home depot profit tops estimates on sales home depot inc. on tuesday reported a 19 percent rise in second quarter profit, topping estimates, as technology upgrades and other store improvements helped boost sales.
3			inflation	revenue	trend	price	sale	marketing	growth	profit	money			wal mart raises full year profit outlook wal mart stores inc. , the world's biggest retailer, on tuesday raised its profit forecast for the full year.
2			injury	doping	barcelona	sport	football	tennis			figo doubt for rreal real madrid 's luis figo is in doubt for tomorrow 's australian time crucial champions league match with as roma. his left foot is very painful and it is premature at this time to say if figo will play, said real 's doctor, alfonso del corral.
3			statistics	business	india	technology	company	finance	rs	industry			indian it major infosys net profit jumps 49 percent as outsourcing ... bangalore, india: india 's second largest software exporter, infosys technologies, quarterly net profit jumped 49 percent, well ahead of market expectations, thanks to a sustained outsourcing boom.
4			computer	software	microsoft	technology	something	windows			windows update operating systems just ain 't what they used to be. for a while, microsoft released a new version of windows every two or three yearseach creating a ripple effect on how we all used and thought about technology. but now, there 's a ...
3			politics	business	option	greed	litigation	strategy	bankruptcy	money			chiofaro's partner relents international place developer donald j. chiofaro's majority partner in two boston office towers this week took a more conciliatory tone toward proposed changes in the reorganization plan that he submitted in us bankruptcy court. last week chiofaro's partner, hillman properties inc., said in court it would never agree to his plan to fend off new york's tishman speyer properties's takeover ...
4			virus	cyber	computer	hacking	computing	technology	security			computer crash hits pensions thousands of pensioners and people on benefits have been hit by a massive computer failure at the department for work and pensions.
2			coaching	defense	football			bc high shuts down the prep defense has been the theme for no. 13 bc high and 14th ranked st. john's prep for most of this soccer season. yesterday, bc high was just a little bit better in a 1 0 win that assured the host eagles at least a share of the catholic conference title. that's a top defensive battle, said bc coach billy ryan. the players ...
2			baseball	history	doping	athletics	sport	race	hurdle	athlete	swimming			new school baylor 's wariner leads us sweep in 400 in winning the gold medal in the 400 meters and leading the united states to its first sweep in an olympic track and field event since 1988, jeremy wariner did something else of great significance.
4			mobile	device	technology	nokia	smartphone	blackberry	phone	windows			nokia unveils new smart phone nokia plans to release next month a new smart phone with a built in megapixel camera, as part of an effort to expand its product portfolio.
4			royalty	software	technology	licensing	invention	copyright	innovation	patent	infringement			sun's schwartz guns for patent glories the software maker has filed a claim over its per employee pricing plan, highlighting the tech industry's increasing focus on patents, has learned.
2			baseball	basketball	volleyball	sport	probation	football	competition			ncaa probation for little engine that could romeoville, ill. the division two school that won an ncaa division one championship in volleyball last year is on ncaa probation for four years.
4			computer	privacy	technology	communication	time	networking	email	security			sbc gizmo saves time by checking time saving gadgets in the old days, before so much time was eaten up by time saving gadgets, you could check all your communications in one place your mailbox.
4			privacy	technology	web	company	internet	ip	email			outage over, paypal says com october 13, 2004, 7:50 am pt. this priority retains its ranking at number five as more and more companies deploy web services to share business logic, data and processes with each other and with clients.
3			income	revenue	sale	growth	profit	finance	bankruptcy	money	earnings			cigna corp. 3q profit up on gain from sale cigna corp. said net income rose sharply in the third quarter, reflecting increased earnings in its health care segment and a gain from the sale of a retirement benefits business.
1			election	politics	israel	government	democracy	poll	party			sharon says early elections are a political and economic danger ... after losing two no confidence motions, pm vows he will do everything in his power to expand coalition and avoid elections, but stressed, if we are forced to declare elections, we shall.
3			job	insurance	business	car	technology	innovation	money			briefly: nortel pushes back flextronics deal roundup plus: hp rakes in .net dough...escend raises $ 3 million...hitachi cuts 10 percent of u.s. work force...evite goes local with invitations.
2			coaching	baseball	espn	basketball	conference	sport	recruiting	football	competition	byu			big east makes a stand to keep its bid secure give the big east credit for survival tactics, if nothing else. in what must be considered a major victory, the big east has convinced its bowl championship series partners to count incoming members louisville, cincinnati, and south florida in this year's bcs standings and exclude outgoing members boston college and temple.
2			boxing	doping	athletics	sport	bulgaria	weightlifting	athlete	cycling			greek weightlifter stripped of bronze for doping in another embarrassing incident for the olympic host nation, a greek weightlifter has been stripped of his bronze medal for a doping offence.
2			coaching	baseball	contract	espn	basketball	sport	golf	recruiting	transfer	football			coach dave leitao agrees to six year contract extension at depaul depaul men 's basketball coach dave leitao has agreed to a six year contract extension, the university announced friday.
1			politics	election	democrat	war	democracy	violence	kerry	terrorism	republican			republicans sharpen attacks on kerry republicans sharpened their attacks on john kerry ahead of the opening of their national convention monday, with sen. john mccain suggesting it was fair game to criticize the democratic candidate's anti war protests three decades ago...
3			news	business	technology	company	people	money	media			symantec, veritas reportedly in talks news people $ 10.3 billion blockbuster acquisition of peoplesoft nasdaq: psft news people is already yesterday 's news.
2			mlb	news	baseball	television	espn	sport	entertainment	tv	reality	media			small market reality arrives washington is the nation 's eighth largest media market, but for baseball 's purposes in 2005, it is kansas city, milwaukee or even montreal.
4			pc	computer	manufacturing	china	sale	technology	pcs	computing	linux			idc raises estimate for pc sales researcher idc has raised its estimate for the number of pcs that will be sold in 2004, saying it now expects sales of 176.5 million units, the company said monday.
3			politics	business	europe	sale	marketing	company	change	money	industry			coca cola 's eu deal suggests shake up of sales is real thing coca colas agreement with the european union is the first sign that new chief executive neville isdells painfully slow reform of the company may at last be getting under way.
1			election	ukrainian	politics	result	democracy	voting	russia	candidate	ukraine			ukraine 's presidential election begins ukrainians began casting their ballot sunday in the presidential election to choose a successor to president leonid kuchma. a total of 24 candidates were on the ballot to succeed
2			politics	baseball	soccer	sport	boston	football	softball			d.c. close at the plate yes, we've been down this road before, but it looks as though the economic and political factors are now aligned in favor of baseball in the district although precariously.
4			network	connectivity	ethernet	wireless	broadband	technology	telecommunication	equipment	networking			linksys, vonage in equipment deal irvine based linksys announced that it is in a deal with voice over ip voip provider vonage to provide equipment for home and small businesses.
1			election	politics	bribery	voting	polling	corruption	finance	fraud	money			house dems seek election inquiry three congressmen are asking the general accounting office to investigate irregularities with voting machines during the presidential election, but they don't anticipate a change in election outcome. by kim zetter.
1			politics	economy	statistics	china	economics			china to strive for prudent, stable fiscal, monetary policies in ... china 's leaders have wrapped up a key economic meeting pledging to strive for stable economic growth next year with an emphasis on quality and efficiency rather than simply a high growth rate.
4			secure	security	safety	network	privacy	technology	vulnerability	encryption	surveillance			mcafee aims at small firms with e mail service most it managers won 't question the importance of security, but this priority has been sliding between the third and fourth most important focus for companies.
4			industry	security	technology	performance	ft	patent	competition	education	linux			natick 's edocs to be acquired by west coast 's siebel for $ 115m natick based edocs inc. is being acquired by san mateo, calif. based siebel systems inc. for $ 115 million in cash. the deal 's size could expand if edocs meets unspecified performance goals next year.
4			bbc	technology	siemens	telecommunication	patent	bt	industry			bbc tech staff become siemens workers some 1440 bbc technology staff have been transferred to siemens business services today following the completion of a major ten year 2bn technology framework contract tfc .
4			flash	chip	usb	technology	storage	performance	networking	memory	speed			sandisk pushes faster, bigger flash cards flash memory company sandisk is offering a one two punch with new cf, memory stick, and sd cards offering greater speed and capacity.
4			radio	traffic	technology	broadband	internet	telecommunication	weather	networking			wi fi emerges as emergency communications alternative in fla. wi fi hot spots emerged as a new emergency communications alternative in florida in the aftermath of hurricane charley, with traffic at some outlets up 50.
4			computer	linux	unix	software	microsoft	technology	innovation	computing	windows			upgrades, hr costs squeeze british tech budgets a u.k. survey finds that little money is left over for new it investment and that linux is not leaving its mark on the desktop.
4			handheld	pc	game	linux	hardware	technology	pcs	windows			oqo handheld pc fails to excite pc world reviewer says windows xp based handheld's poor design and performance make it tough to recommend.
4			windows	linux	software	privacy	technology	microsoft	security	server			microsoft stays pricing course by announcing plans to maintain its current per processor server software licensing, microsoft corp. has pleased customers and, in the process, put serious pressure on competing software developers to do the same.
4			computer	chip	hardware	technology	performance	apple	hp	productivity	intel	linux			intel forecasts greater revenue for 4th quarter intel raised its revenue forecast for the fourth quarter, citing surprisingly strong demand across its line of chips for personal computers.
4			computer	pc	device	hardware	pcs	technology	ibm	gateway	silicon	windows			gateway's pcs, notebooks available at microcenter pc maker gateway inc. said on sunday its new line of notebooks, desktop personal computers and monitors aimed at retail markets will be available at micro center's 20 stores in the united states.
2			utah	baseball	espn	volleyball	basketball	sport	boston	football	nba	tennis			today's schedule hofstra at dartmouth, 7 p.m. pro basketball: utah vs. celtics at the fleetcenter, 7:30 p.m.
2			coaching	baseball	argentina	basketball	athletics	sport	soccer	football	brazil	fifa			football: argentina coach resigns marcelo bielsa resigns as coach of argentina less than a month after steering the country to olympic gold.
2			overtime	baseball	hockey	basketball	sport	football	playoff	scheduling	competition			dothemath:15stillcontend the final berths for the revolutionary new playoffs will be determined in a deeply traditional way, slam banging around a short track on a saturday night.
2			coaching	travel	chicago	espn	basketball	jazz	sport	football	russia	nba			jazz cancel moscow trip over concerns the utah jazz's exhibition game in russia next month was canceled by the nba on friday because of security concerns.
2			politics	britain	game	olympics	olympic	sport	london	athlete	celebrity			stars endorse london 's 2012 olympic games from david beckham to roger moore to tony blair, london is rolling out the big names to promote its campaign for the 2012 olympics.
3			inflation	revenue	disney	company	growth	money	earnings	industry			disney gives first dividend rise for six years walt disney, the us media and entertainment group, yesterday announced its first dividend increase in six years following sharply improved earnings.
4			network	wireless	technology	broadband	telecommunication	shopping	networking	patent	retail			verizon wireless makes circuit city deal verizon wireless of bedminster, nj, announced a partnership with circuit city stores inc. of richmond, va., to create verizon wireless shops in 570 of its circuit city superstores.
4			battery	electronics	computer	chip	intel	technology	silicon	linux			intel cancels chip for flat panel tvs intel suffered another setback thursday when it canceled a chip for flat panel television sets.
4			privacy	technology	migration	networking	change	email	security	linux			hotmail upgrade finally starts as the mailbox storage space rivalry continues, hotmail has now begun upgrading the email account of its users. according to reports the upgrade will be in a phased manner, beginning from the united states and europe, and later moving on to other regions.
1			election	politics	democracy	iran	stability	iraq	afghanistan	africa			democracy stirs in the arab world upcoming elections in iraq, saudi arabia, and the palestinian authority are initial steps on still rocky paths to democracy.
3			investing	stock	bank	profit	finance	loss	money	banking			socgen profit beats forecast reuters, paris, november 9 french bank societe generales third quarter profit rose a forecast beating 10 per cent on consumer banking growth, gains in investment banking, and a sharp fall in bad debt provisions, it said on tuesday.
4			manufacturing	sale	technology	marketing	automation	robot	industry			sidebar: peoplesoft puts crm app on blackberries peoplesoft inc. today will announce that it 's porting the sales force automation module from the latest version of its crm software to research in motion ltd.
2			america	baseball	soccer	sport	football	brazil	tennis			u.s. soccer team playing with confidence they play with a confident air these days, even a swagger, more befitting the brazilians and germans. and, for the u.s. men's soccer team, that's good very good.
4			product	biotechnology	technology	trademark	litigation	copyright	innovation	patent	research			proxim, symbol settle patent dispute after months of litigation, proxim and symbol technologies have finally settled their legal spat. proxim has agreed to pay $ 22.75 million, plus a 2 percent royalty on future sales of certain products.
2			hockey	basketball	injury	sport			boozer, james pay homage to former coach osowski carlos boozer spent two years in cleveland. the last one, when he made himself into a player deemed worthy of olympic stature, the coach who worked with him on a daily basis was assistant mark osowski. yesterday, while getting ready for today's game vs. spain, boozer took time to reflect on the leominster reared osowski, who died sunday of ...
3			politics	job	business	option	transport	transportation			city sees overhaul as precursor to sale, leaving group focused on ... p o staked its immediate future as a ferry operator on the burgeoning freight market yesterday as it blamed the death of the booze cruise for the need to axe one fifth of its workforce.
3			politics	business	ceo	corruption	scandal	greed	fraud	profit	money			scandal hit nortel to make worker cuts nortel networks plans to slash its workforce by 3500, or ten per cent, as it struggles to recover from an accounting scandal that toppled three top executives and led to a criminal investigation and lawsuits.
4			electronics	computer	chip	technology	semiconductor	silicon	security	industry			update 1: altera, xilinx warnings slam sector shares of chip makers sank in thursday trading after two us firms lowered their quarterly sales expectations, but the sector saw some relief after national semiconductor corp.
4			battery	device	cell	cellular	technology	nokia	silicon	computing			ibm, sony and toshiba unveil cell processor ibm, sony and toshiba unveiled some of the key concepts of their jointly developed advanced microprocessor, code named cell, which is aimed at next generation computing applications and digital consumer electronics.
4			windows	computer	software	privacy	technology	microsoft	storage	security	linux			longhorn to put squeeze on gadgets the next version of windows will let companies block access to ipods and other tiny storage devices, has learned.
4			connectivity	ethernet	technology	ip	cisco	switch	carrier	security	linux			cisco boosts carrier offerings with p cube buy cisco systems has confirmed that it is to spend $ 200m to acquire privately held p cube, a california based developer of internet protocol ip service control platforms.
4			news	mobile	business	network	technology	networking	windows			ses astra welcomes ntl to client list business wire ept. 15, 2004 uk and europes foremost direct to home dth satellite company, ses astra, an ses global company euronext:sesg fwb:sesg is delighted
4			developer	application	java	technology	enterprise	utility	apps			on demand apps break enterprise barriers now with easy customization and process integration, will utility apps dominate?
3			australia	buying	business	investment	finance	competition	money	industry			australian retail giants takeover battle in limbo after regulator ... sydney: woolworths ltd said it will extend its latest bid for hotels group alh ltd after australia 's takeover regulator intercepted what could have been a knock out blow in the retail giant 's takeover battle with rival coles myer.
4			statistics	programming	software	technology	linux			briefly: siebel moves toward self repairing software roundup plus: monster says it could enter japan by mid 2005...novell to release open enterprise server...blizzard wins online game adds utility like mainframe pricing, expects.
3			america	business	airline	aviation	marketing	competition	advertising	american	money			american hits the airwaves with its major competitors mired in a struggle for financial survival, american airlines yesterday kicked off a multimillion dollar advertising campaign aimed at grabbing market share and capitalizing on its own turnaround.
4			science	biotechnology	technology	child	innovation	robot	toy	sony			sony sends its robots to school sony will lend one of its five qrio public relations robots to schools in japan, india, and vietnam to stimulate children 's curiosity in science and technology, the company says.
4			business	software	technology	car	enterprise	migration	linux			eight great tips for converting to open source travelers on the road from proprietary to open source software won 't be driving on an interstate. enterprise open source deployments are still uncommon enough that companies
4			science	art	architect	biotechnology	technology	design	mit	architecture	astronomy			new haven architect to design adriaen 's landing science center a design for a futuristic glass building with a giant plasma video screen landed cesar pelli the job as architect for the new science center at adriaen 's landing.
2			coaching	baseball	statistics	espn	basketball	athletics	sport	california	recruiting	football			cal reaches new five year agreement with jeff tedford in recognition of an historic season and the remarkable turnaround of the school 's football program, the university of california has reached a new five year agreement with head coach jeff tedford through the 2009 season, athletic director
2			overtime	baseball	basketball	suspension	sport	football	detroit	nba			n.b.a. suspends artest for the rest of the season ron artest of the indiana pacers has been suspended in connection with a brawl friday night that injured nine fans at the palace of auburn hills in michigan.
2			baseball	history	sport	boy	golf	football	kid	education			boys from beantown provide lesson for all decades before i could definitively identify the business end of a golf stick, i was a baseball player. decades before i could definitively identify the business end of a golf stick, i was a baseball player.
2			politics	sport	race	football	religion	italy	money	racism			arnesen denies santini rift frank arnesen, the tottenham sporting director, has refuted suggestions that jacques santini 's surprise resignation was for anything other than the personal reasons already cited.
2			baseball	basketball	sport	football	tennis	payton			basketball: gary payton has change of heart and decides to play ... boston, united states : gary payton has had a change of heart and reported to the boston celtics training camp. after saying a couple of months ago he didn 't want to leave california following his august 6
4			computer	software	technology	microsoft	strategy	money	email	windows			novell: microsoft 'sucked $ 60 billion out of it this fourth priority 's main focus has been improving or obtaining crm and erp software for the past year and a half. barcelona, spain microsoft has sucked billions of dollars out of the it industry that could
3			business	sale	cosmetics	marketing	pharmaceuticals	health	drug	avon	industry			avon profit rises on international sales avon products inc. on friday posted a better than expected 33 percent increase in third quarter profit as business in latin america and europe helped offset weakness in the united states for the direct seller of cosmetics.
4			network	privacy	technology	broadband	internet	telecommunication	networking	industry			new systems cut cell phone finger work several companies ease burden of using internet via cell phones.
2			baseball	college	basketball	sport	boston	football	money			where to now? look out below if yesterday's 43 17 loss to syracuse weren't disappointing enough for boston college, which had hopes of its first bowl championship series berth, more bad news could be coming in the next several days.
4			ibm	computer	manufacturing	technology	semiconductor	silicon	intel			ibm, amd speed chips ibm corp. nyse: ibm and advanced micro devices nyse: amd said monday that they have developed a strained silicon transistor technology aimed at
4			computer	pc	manufacturing	technology	microsoft	apple	ibm	pcs	industry			ibm quits pc manufacturing in 900m deal ibm has sold its computer making business to lenovo group, the chinese technology company, in a $ 1.75 billion 900 million deal, signalling an exit from the pc market it helped create in the 1980s.
4			game	magic	gaming	technology	entertainment			psychic powers add gaming twist the use of psychic powers adds a novel twist to the action in two new video games.
2			baseball	team	statistics	division	athletics	sport	football	stats			independents weston coach : rich brissette fourth year, 11 22 . last year's record: 5 6. returning starters 7 : john lord, qb, 5 11, 185, sr.; aaron levine, ot lb, 6 3, 235, sr.; jon dryden, te, 5 11, 185, sr.; henry lieber, fb, 5 10, 175, jr.; jason stewart, wr, 5 11, 170, sr.; matt howard, s, 6 3, 190, jr.; tim wells, cb, 5 6, 155, jr. returning lettermen 3 : ...
4			democracy	freedom	privacy	broadband	technology	internet	networking			earthlink to offer free net telephony earthlink on tuesday said it now distributes software that lets people make free unlimited calls over a broadband connection. earthlink free online calling is anything but revolutionary.
3			industry	statistics	business	revenue	sale	strategy	finance	productivity	linux			peoplesoft posts solid q3 revenue growth peoplesoft raced past analyst expectations in its just ended quarter, reporting on thursday a 12 percent increase in revenue, to $ 698.8 million, and a slight uptick in revenue from software license sales.
3			thursday	analyst	business	ceo	forbes	company	money	earnings	industry			amr forecast cut by analysts several wall street analysts cut their forecast on earnings for american airlines parent amr corp. amr.n: quote, profile, research on thursday while the airline 's chief
4			windows	hacking	software	privacy	technology	vulnerability	microsoft	security	linux			stakes high for windows upgrade microsoft corp. has put the finishing touches on one of its biggest software overhauls ever after conceding that its windows xp operating system which runs as many as 300 million computers worldwide is susceptible to security breaches.
3			business	acquisition	investment	price	investing	company	option	loss	finance	money			valero to buy kaneb valero lp of san antonio said monday it will acquire kaneb services and kaneb pipe line partners of dallas for $ 2.8 billion. the assets of the combined partnership, which will retain the name valero lp, will
4			nano	device	cell	cellular	biotechnology	technology	semiconductor	silicon			sony, ibm, toshiba offer details on upcoming 'cell' chip the three companies are investing billions of dollars to develop and prepare for mass production of cell, a multicore semiconductor composed of several processors that work together to handle multiple tasks simultaneously.
4			ace	aces	application	engineering	hardware	software	technology	linux			vmware pioneers new way to deploy software environments last week, i spoke with vmware vice president of marketing michael mullany about vmware ace, a fascinating solution that simplifies and secures the deployment of software environments to mobile workers, contractors, and telecommuters.
4			industry	electronics	technology	licensing	copyright	innovation	patent	samsung	sony			samsung, sony ink licensing pact samsung electronics co. and sony corp. have signed a licensing agreement to share 24,000 basic standard patents necessary for product development, samsung officials said yesterday.
4			electronics	device	manufacturing	chip	technology	performance	semiconductor	silicon	industry			chip sales hit 10.1bn global semiconductor sales rose to 10.1 billion in august from the previous month and it appears chip inventories are declining, industry trade group the semiconductor industry association said.
1			politics	science	environment	climate	election	warming	energy	change	policy			talks look for new climate effort climate experts and politicians will discuss policies they believe may be needed beyond the kyoto protocol.
4			business	network	management	privacy	technology	company	communication	networking			cingular keeps some at execs cingular wireless, which yesterday finalized its purchase of at wireless, said the company will be governed from four regional centers one of them in redmond by a combination of its executives and those from at wireless.
2			shooting	crawford	doping	basketball	athletics	sport	race	athlete	competition			crawford is golden amid a chorus of boos shawn crawford denied fellow american justin gatlin a sprint double thursday as he set up a united states clean sweep in a controversial olympic men's 200 meters final.
4			windows	product	application	hardware	software	microsoft	linux			microsoft to offer new windows flavor for retail market just as it is doing with its windows client software, microsoft corp. is developing customized variants of its windows embedded operating system for specific markets.
2			medal	boxing	history	olympics	basketball	athletics	sport	athlete	gymnastics			paul hamm: i competed my heart out gymnast paul hamm became the first ever american to win the men 's all around title in one of the closest ever olympic competitions.
2			rutgers	doping	volleyball	basketball	sport	football	coach	tennis			rutgers player suspended on guilty plea rutgers basketball player shalicia hurns was suspended from the team after pleading guilty to punching and tying up her roommate during a dispute over painkilling drugs.
4			battery	electronics	computer	privacy	usb	technology	networking	linux			photo: seagate's new pocket drive the 3 inch seagate usb 2.0 pocket hard drive has a retractable usb cable and rubber feet designed to keep it still when it's being using with a desktop.
3			business	ceo	technology	litigation	pharmaceuticals	health	drug	money	healthcare			j j in talks to buy guidant sources health care and consumer products maker johnson johnson is in negotiations to acquire medical device maker guidant corp., sources familiar with the situation said on tuesday.
2			sport	football	criticism	competition	racism			stern likes what he sees they have been criticized roundly, at home and here in europe, sometimes by their own coach. what the team lacks is to some observers more obvious than its attributes.
1			election	politics	campaign	mr	bush	washington			bush campaign trail stops at white house enmeshed in his re election campaign, president bush rarely spends a full day at the white house. but even when he does, presidential politics and campaign pitches remain close at hand...
4			product	sale	technology	child	toy	education	industry			toys r us posts net profit toys r us inc. , which is considering getting out of the toy business, on monday posted a second quarter net profit, reversing a year earlier loss, as it works to restructure its toy stores.
4			computer	device	intel	technology	apple	silicon	computing	linux			pentium m draws more buyers sales of laptops using intel's mobile processor are picking up.
2			medal	boxing	game	olympics	judo	athletics	sport	weightlifting	event			day 5 of olympics brings gold for some, major upsets for others a total of 21 gold medals will be awarded on wednesday at the athens olympics. day five medals already awarded include archery, boating and shooting events, as well as judo, cycling, and weightlifting.
2			medal	doping	olympics	china	athletics	sport	athlete	competition	money			hamm says he wouldn 't want to share all around gold olympic all around champion paul hamm said wednesday he would prefer not to share his gold medal with south korea 's yang tae young despite a judging mistake that ultimately cost yang the gold.
4			science	engineering	biotechnology	technology	research	tech	nasa	transportation	education	industry			howard university engineering programs get a boost industry giants are giving howard university $ 70.6 million in technology to help the school 's engineering and science programs.
1			election	politics	war	violence	democracy	iraq	refugee	terrorism	genocide			russia warns about elections; un fears for civilians the intense us led assault on fallujah could undermine iraq's upcoming elections, the russian foreign ministry warned yesterday, and the un refugee agency expressed concern about the tens of thousands of civilians who have fled the besieged city.
4			ibm	business	java	technology	integration	solution	patent	system	analytics			logicalis acquires ibm business partner sti for $ 90 million logicalis, an international it integration company, has acquired for $ 90 million solution technology, a privately held ibm solution provider and one of ibm 's top 10 business partners.
4			computer	data	technology	storage	networking	patent	security	linux			one terabyte optical disk developed boffins and boffinettes at imperial college london are developing a new optical disk that can store a terabyte of data. the multiplexed optical data storage mods technology is expected to be released towards
4			wired	network	technology	broadband	internet	wireless	telecommunication	networking	email			earthlink to offer free net telephony zdnet 's survey of it professionals in august kept wired wireless on top for the 18th month in a row. earthlink on tuesday said it now distributes software that lets people make free unlimited calls over a broadband connection.
4			battery	device	mobility	wireless	siemens	technology	nokia	security			siemens issue warning over 65 series handsets siemens has posted a warning over its latest range of mobile phones suggesting that a flaw in them may hurt user while using them.
4			flash	application	software	technology	development	content	video			macromedia offers flash video tool company hopes to boost use of its flash format for delivering streaming video with new development kit.
4			hardware	intel	technology	evolution	power	acceleration	performance	speed	extreme	linux			intel p4 extreme boosts performance off the clock the extreme edition bears out intel 's announcement last month that it would look beyond increased clock speed. the problem is, if they keep the clock speed and increase the bus speed, they ll
4			hacking	software	privacy	technology	encryption	patent	security	linux			universities struggling with ssl busting spyware experts call marketscore software a privacy threat.
3			politics	business	technology	marketing	greed	strategy	competition	money	merger			an alliance for the scale to battle a common foe the fact that neither kmart or sears has faired well against wal mart may leave some people wondering if the combined company can do any better.
4			hacking	business	privacy	technology	company	fraud	risk	security			caught in a phishing trap rise in online identity fraud has companies on the hook: educate customers or lose them.
3			china	price	marketing	company	competition	industry			coca cola warns second half earnings will fall short of ... the coca cola co. says its third quarter per share results will drop at least 24 per cent because of poor weather in europe and problems executing its business strategy in north america.
1			politics	election	democracy	corruption	religion	terrorism	malaysia	bahrain	politician			malaysia's anwar loses bid to lift political ban malaysian rebel politician anwar ibrahim failed on wednesday in a final court bid to erase his criminal record, leaving a royal pardon as his only option for a swift return to politics.
3			income	statistics	business	revenue	sale	marketing	tax	growth	profit	earnings			mcdonald's income up on sales, taxes mcdonald's corp. on tuesday said quarterly net income rose 42 percent helped by strong sales in the united states and a tax benefit.
2			coaching	baseball	magic	basketball	sport	football	strategy	tactic			carmelo up close com. denver news 4 denver nuggets star carmelo anthony says he has a tactic when he finds himself in frustrating situations with opposing fans.
4			hacking	business	network	privacy	technology	encryption	networking	security			can cybertrust betrusted to keep your networks trusecure? following the announcement earlier this week that betrusted and trusecure are to merge, john becker, chief executive of the resultant security services company, cybertrust, talked to jaikumar vijayan.
2			america	baseball	basketball	sport	football	nebraska			in nebraska, football feeds state's ego decades ago, a beleaguered nebraska football coach raised a stink across the plains when he said he didn't think this state could be great at anything.
2			politics	coaching	baseball	game	basketball	conference	sport	football			mixed messages with the season winding down and conference championship games approaching, it seems an appropriate time to remind people of why some conferences are in favor of these games and why others aren't.
1			election	politics	campaign	democrat	gov	race	strategy	republican	money			barely a contest among 53 house races the five candidates vying to unseat democratic rep. sam farr of california have little in common except their office address and the likelihood they will lose.
4			electronics	computer	print	printer	publishing	technology	book	printing			canon unveils a cavalcade of printers if you re thinking of replacing your old inkjet or personal laser printer with a new model that can also make copies and perhaps scan in color and send faxes as well canon wants to be at the top of your shopping list.
4			mobile	privacy	wireless	nokia	smartphone	technology	telecommunication	phone			mobiles take off another haven from annoying ring tones and loud personal conversations is being closed off as researchers work on ways to make mobile phones available on aircraft.
4			taiwan	privacy	technology	internet	telecommunication	system	industry			british ruling cheers voip industry carriers are pleased with system that will allow consumers to transfer fixed line numbers to their net phone service.
2			coaching	statistics	hockey	bc	espn	basketball	sport	football	coach			bc's game plan: improve daily the eagles are off to one of their best starts in five years, undefeated after their first three games for the first time since opening the 1999 campaign with a 4 0 record.
4			industry	product	network	technology	storage	system	networking	availability	security	server			from sans to satas, storage vendors continue product march storage companies continued to demonstrate a wealth of new products and technologies wednesday at the storage networking world in orlando.
2			olympics	sport	money	gold	competition	gymnastics			hamm keeps gold more than two months after he won it in athens, olympic gymnastics champion paul hamm will get to keep his all around gold medal. this is obviously a great day
2			baseball	injury	miami	espn	basketball	sport	football			injuries, seminoles can 't stop gore the miami hurricanes junior running back who has had two college seasons torn apart by tearing apart two knees ent rambling 18 yards into an orange bowl end zone sometime near midnight friday to complete a 16 10 overtime win against
4			america	computer	business	technology	microsoft	strategy	competition	money	security			and keep on visiting our sponsors! it all counts. thanks. news: by the time microsoft finally un corrals longhorn, a significant portion of its potential customer base will be long gone.
2			coaching	baseball	history	computer	basketball	sport	football	religion			mission improbable, but strange things do happen impossible. inconceivable. a southeastern conference team is in position to go 12 0 and get locked out of the national championship game.
3			industry	business	ceo	technology	bankruptcy	ibm	security	termination			amcc to lay off 150 applied micro circuits corp. amcc nasdaq: amcc message board is laying off 20 percent of its staff following a disappointing quarter, officials announced today after the stock markets closed.
4			electronics	computer	safety	privacy	wireless	technology	car	networking	speed	security			photo gallery: consumer gear takes a test drive theater quality systems and other entertainment are coming to the car. but will wireless file swapping wreak havoc during rush hour?
4			electronics	computer	intel	technology	nokia	silicon	computing	linux			intel introduces new mobile chip intel corp., the world 's largest chip maker, on tuesday introduced a powerful mobile chip running at 3.33 ghz for notebook computers.
4			computer	safety	privacy	technology	vulnerability	encryption	networking	security	windows			microsoft security 's weak link windows xp service pack 2 is now making its way onto computers. this major update is a step forward for a company that has had an abysmal record on security, and we should be happy for that much.
3			business	revenue	company	sec	profit	competition	money			viacom posts profit; sets $ 8 bln buyback viacom inc. via.n on thursday said its quarterly profit from continuing operations rose 12 percent on higher cable network advertising sales and announced a larger than expected stock repurchase, sending its shares up 3 percent.
1			election	politics	australia	result	democracy	voting	fiji			bankrupt nauru goes to the polls the world's smallest independent country, the pacific island of nauru, holds elections on saturday.
4			linux	chip	hardware	intel	technology	silicon	windows			amd preps high performance chips for desktops the chip is expected to be unveiled tuesday, in time to bump up the performance of game desktops before the holidays. br intel kills plans for 4ghz pentium
2			coaching	baseball	pittsburgh	basketball	sport	football	pressure			college games on tv pittsburgh 5 3 vs. notre dame 6 3 when, where: tomorrow, 2:30 p.m., at south bend, ind. tv: ch. 7. ranking: notre dame is no. 24. last season: notre dame won, 20 14, at pittsburgh. comments: the fighting irish put up their dukes last saturday, knocking off ninth ranked tennessee in knoxville, 17 13. notre dame, playing its final home game of the season, has ...
3			insurance	history	business	ceo	fraud	finance	bankruptcy	competition	money			stakeholder says us airways ch. 11 filing necessary a major stakeholder in us airways group inc. uair.o: quote, profile, research on sunday said the airline 's second filing for bankruptcy protection in two years was a difficult
1			election	politics	negotiation	talk	immigration	ireland	strategy			new bid to end talks deadlock northern ireland secretary paul murphy and irish foreign minister brian cowen will chair talks involving unionists and nationalists at stormont aimed at ending the stand off over proposed changes to devolution.
1			election	america	politics	campaign	bush	strategy	washington	money			bush, kerry ready new ads for fall blitz president bush vows to spread ownership and opportunity, make our economy more job friendly and help lower health care costs in a fresh wave of campaign ads meant to lay out a sweeping second term agenda as he emerges from the republican convention.
1			election	politics	israel	democracy	corruption	austria	religion	politician			hungary 's ruling socialist party dumps pm hungary 's ruling socialist party said thursday that it accepted prime minister peter medgyessy 's resignation and has named a candidate for the post.
3			business	revenue	intel	technology	performance	growth	profit	innovation	silicon			intel chief sees better global performance intel corp., the world 's largest computer chip maker, is expected to report higher revenue from global operations in the first half of 2005 than in the same period this year, chief executive craig barrett said.
4			processor	manufacturing	chip	hardware	intel	technology	silicon	linux			amd spells out dual core features chip firm amd has revealed more details of the dual core processors it expects to introduce next year. the firm presented at the processor forum in san jose earlier today, and, according to ee times, revealed some further details of its plans.
2			baseball	scouting	espn	volleyball	michigan	sport	basketball	coach	detroit	nba			no. 11 michigan st. rebounds with win over george mason maurice ager scored 13 points to lead 11th ranked michigan state to a 66 60 win over george mason in the consolation game of the bb classic from the mci center.
4			technology	electronics	computer	car			finally! the treo 650 arrives the palmone treo 600 may be the nation 's most loved smart phonea celebrated balance of cell phone and pda. rumors have swirled around the internet for months about the next generation of treos; today, with
3			insurance	product	business	e	sale	industry			gillette posts $ 475m us profit in quarter on strong sales of ... gillette co. said thursday its third quarter profit rose 14 per cent as customers traded up to its premium line shaving and dental care products and it sold more duracell batteries due to the recent hurricanes.
3			ads	business	sale	marketing	ad	competition	advertising	commercial			friendster names ex aol executive vp of sales friendster names ex aol executive vp of sales friendster today announced that it has named charles barrett as vice president of sales, effective immediately. charlie will oversee all aspects of advertising sales. his first initiatives will include building a world class national ad sales team and creating new revenue producing programs. in addition, ...
3			share	investor	investment	investing	shareholder	stock	finance			update: stockland to unveil a $ 7.5b bid for gpt sources sydney dow jones australian diversified property group stockland is set to launch a share based bid for general property trust gpt.
4			technology	power	semiconductor	performance	ibm	silicon	intel	computing	linux			amd and ibm collaborate on strained silicon amd and ibm said today they will begin using a strained silicon transistor technology designed to augment processor performance and power efficiency.
1			politics	iraq	terrorism	war			warsaw official vowstroop cuts in iraq the prime minister of poland told his parliament yesterday that he would begin reducing the number of polish troops in iraq in january, another blow to the us led coalition that has lost nearly a third of its members this year. addressing legislators before a vote of confidence, prime minister marek belka promised, ''we will not remain in ...
3			trade	manufacturing	price	metal	market	stock	future	steel	competition	industry			retailers, steel help stocks end week up stocks inched higher on friday in lackluster post thanksgiving trading, helped by steel producers amid concerns of a steel shortage and retailers as consumers piled into
2			politics	baseball	sport	football	finance	money			let the new owner pay congratulations to linda cropp and her fellow dc council members who voted with her tuesday night. by insisting that private funding be included for a new baseball stadium in washington, they did the right thing.
3			trading	trend	price	commodity	market	stock	finance	money	security			stocks: upbeat orders data bolster wall street new york stocks moved modestly higher friday as stable oil prices and a report on durable goods orders cheered investors at the end of a losing week.
1			politics	war	violence	conflict	terrorism			haitian ex soldiers head for capital in confrontation with ... ex soldiers who ousted haitian president jean bertrand aristide in a deadly revolt said reinforcements are advancing on the capital to halt violence that has killed at least 48 people a move that threatens conflict with
4			computer	network	privacy	web	technology	internet	networking	email	security			intel sees web buckling, invests in new systems intel corp. on thursday outlined its vision of the internet of the future, one in which millions of computer servers would analyze and direct network traffic to make the web safer and more efficient.
1			election	america	politics	democracy	voting	polling	poll	washington			us elections polling begins today washington: polling for the us elections will begin according to pakistan time at 5:00 pm on tuesday as americans vote in one of the closest presidential elections in decades after a long and often bitter campaign between republican incumbent george w
4			taiwan	detail	china	software	technology	solution	patent			palmsource set to acquire china mobilesoft us based software developer palmsource inc. said wednesday it had entered agreement to acquire china mobilesoft ltd. in a bid to extend its market as a software provider for cell phones and mobile devices.
4			device	usb	technology	player	patent	audio	sony			pioneer, sharp let blu ray play two companies supporting the blu ray disc optical disc format unveiled prototype players at the ceatec 2004 exhibition, taking place here this week.
2			medal	olympic	olympics	sport	fame	gold	competition	money			olympians pursuit of marketing gold begins long before medals ... for millions of americans, gymnast paul hamm 's fame began only when the broad shouldered olympian shrugged off a fall in the vaulting competition last week and made an inspired comeback to win gold.
2			coaching	indiana	baseball	espn	wisconsin	basketball	sport	football	purdue			wolfpack edge purdue julius hodge scores 22 points to lead no. 16 north carolina state past purdue, 60 53, monday night in raleigh. the wolfpack improve to 5 0 with the victory.
4			electronics	battery	computer	device	privacy	technology	nokia	innovation	phone			palmone unveils tungsten t5 in a crowded corporate market where handhelds and handsets are fighting it out for supremacy, palmone will introduce a device this week it hopes will cut through the noise.
4			business	e	technology	oracle	innovation	patent	ai			new oracle e biz suite aims to simplify application and technology ... oracle says its new e business suite 11i.10 will improve business process automation and operating efficiency across an enterprise.
4			electronics	battery	chip	cell	technology	silicon	intel			a glimpse of the cell processor ibm and sony powered on the much hyped cell processor and used the opportunity to provide a few details about the chip.
2			coaching	baseball	basketball	athletics	sport	wrestler	recruiting	football	wrestling			sanderson joins iowa state coaching staff former iowa state standout wrestler cael sanderson has joined the school as an assistant for the upcoming season.
4			virus	hacking	trojan	privacy	technology	worm	security			skulls trojan attacks symbian mobile phones users of nokia 's 7610 smart phone and other phones running symbian 's series 60 software should be aware of a new trojan program on the internet.
1			election	politics	democrat	florida	california	voting	race	voter	republican			in palm beach, results of 2000 still stir a fight although democrats hold a solid majority in palm beach county, fla., it is so big that even a small shift among its 700,000 voters could make a difference in november.
4			computer	linux	technology	encryption	networking	email	computing	windows			gateway computes operating profit it has never bothered me that i have been the only person i know who loves my emachines computers. the computers are inexpensive and they are more than adequate for my word processing
2			baseball	basketball	sport	football	pitching	softball	money			new baseball season begins six teams will play baseball games today, and two more will join them tomorrow. the moneyball boys won 't be one of them. their reinvention of the game didn 't work this season.
4			revenue	chip	intel	technology	apple	hp	innovation	silicon	linux			indexes trending down with intel the chipmaker says its revenue for the ongoing quarter will be $ 8.3 billion to $ 8.6 billion, down from the previous estimate of $ 8.
2			politics	baseball	wikipedia	espn	sport	race	football			chat with jeremy schaap on saturday, sept. 25, immediately following the premiere of espn 's new original movie, hustle espn, 9 pm et , espn will air hustle: the pete rose debate, hosted by jeremy schaap.
4			wikipedia	computer	learning	technology	player	innovation	networking			founder of web envisions a new era the inventor of the world wide web told a technology conference yesterday that making the web more useful hinges on a familiar challenge: getting the players
4			notebook	battery	computer	device	storage	power	ibm	memory	computing			ibm recalls notebook power adapters ibm corp. is recalling power adapters that shipped with certain models of its thinkpad notebooks sold between january 1999 and august 2000.
2			politics	history	sex	sport	music	football	wrestling	money			unlikely lads fight for the right to party when mike gatting bumped into his umpiring nemesis shakoor rana some time after their finger wagging contretemps at faisalabad in 1987 88, he was not best pleased.
4			computer	linux	unix	system	machine	networking	ibm	computing	server			ibm tops off power 5 based server line targeting unix archrivals hewlett packard and sun microsystems, ibm on friday topped off the high end of its power 5 based line of iseries and pseries servers, rolling out three systems all capable of hosting as many as 250 virtual servers on a single machine.
1			election	politics	democracy	conservative	parliament	mps	debate	canada			commons accepts throne speech amendment, avoids confidence vote ottawa cp the house of commons has agreed to accept a conservative amendment to the throne speech, avoiding a showdown that threatened paul martin's minority government.
4			product	electronics	manufacturing	biotechnology	technology	marketing	innovation	patent	industry			reseller cdw upgrades abilities, ambitions company offers higher end equipment and new expertise for selling complicated combinations of products.
1			election	politics	putin	democracy	corruption	russia	ukraine	terrorism			ukraine braces for presidential vote tension was high in ukraine saturday as the nation prepared to vote for a new president in an election that pits west against east.
3			trading	share	business	trend	company	stock	finance	industry			stocks to watch among the companies whose shares are likely to see active trading on friday are hewlett packard hpq: news, chart, profile and delta dal: news, chart, profile .
4			job	science	agriculture	genetics	biotechnology	technology	innovation	research	cancer			for job stimulus, boston mulls direct investments boston officials are considering plans to invest city funds directly into biotechnology companies, part of a broader effort to stimulate the hot industry within city limits and create jobs.
4			electronics	wired	chip	intel	wireless	technology	networking	silicon	linux			intel seen readying new wi fi chips intel corp. this week is expected to introduce a chip that adds support for a relatively obscure version of wi fi, analysts said on monday, in a move that could help ease congestion on wireless networks.
2			baseball	hockey	nhl	sport	player	canada	toronto			bettman blames union that summed up nhl commissioner gary bettman 's appearance on a special segment of cbc 's the national with peter mansbridge last night.
4			business	technology	internet	networking	google	email			search, mobile markets help internet firm bounce back infospace is a rarity in this post dot bomb world: an internet company with a healthy share price and bottom line.
1			politics	election	democracy	homeless	child	volunteer	terrorism	education			volunteers keep an eye on the people next door backers of a law to create public order councils in moscow's 676 subdistricts describe the measure as a kind of neighborhood watch that will involve ordinary people in the fight against terrorism, crime, public drunkenness and vandalism.
2			politics	baseball	sport	football	japan	money			japan 's professional baseball players association threatens to go ... japan 's professional baseball players association says it will go on strike for the first time in its 70 year history if owners approve a proposed merger of two teams later this week.
3			politics	business	economics	greed	stock	finance	competition	money			stock rally hits a bump oil supply concerns and broker downgrades of blue chip companies left stocks mixed yesterday, raising doubts that wall street 's year end rally would continue.
4			chip	technology	market	performance	finance	innovation	silicon	security	industry			texas instruments cuts forecast texas instruments inc. , the world's largest maker of chips for cell phones, on tuesday said it expects fourth quarter revenue and earnings per share at the mid range of its previous estimates, as order trends remain soft and an inventory correction continues.
3			revenue	sale	company	growth	profit	money	earnings	recession			coca cola warns on profits coca cola says earnings for the rest of 2004 will lag current wall street expectations because of weakness in key markets, further highlighting the divergent fortunes of the world 's largest soft drink maker and its top rival pepsico.
1			politics	history	war	democracy	violence	chaos	peace	terrorism			power struggle darfur's janjaweed militia aren't the only ones sowing chaos and death. meet the two rebel factions threatening yet another civil war
3			trend	marketing	company	option	stock	market	growth	industry			stocks to watch wednesday the hard drive maker on tuesday raised its quarterly revenue and profit forecasts for the december quarter on strong seasonal demand for newer products, surpassing analysts' forecasts.
4			ibm	computer	manufacturing	india	technology	patent	computing	industry			ibm announces thinkpad with fingerprint reader ibm has unveiled its first thinkpad notebook computer that comes equipped with a built in fingerprint reader. select models of the thinkpad t42 are equipped with the integrated fingerprint reader.
4			laptop	computer	linux	mac	technology	pcs	computing	windows			improved power management planned for opteron company says laptop like technology will be useful in server systems, where it can help companies save on electricity and cooling costs in data centers.
3			science	business	data	technology	ft	research	money	capital	industry			computer associates to cut workforce wsj computer associates international inc. ca.n: quote, profile, research will lay off about 5 percent of its work force in an attempt to cut costs, the wall street journal reported on wednesday.
4			network	ethernet	networking	technology	ip	telecommunication	hp	patent	security	linux			hp bags orders from 7 eleven, publix the computing giant wins two lucrative deals to provide retail network hardware and services.
3			risk	business			gateway loss narrows on higher pc sales quarterly losses narrowed to $ 59 million, or 16 cents per share, from $ 139 million, or 43 cents per share, a year ago. excluding about $ 63 million in restructuring, transformation and integration costs, the
4			television	network	technology	broadband	internet	telecommunication	networking			us fcc: high speed internet and television yesterday, michael powell, us federal communications commission fcc chairman said that technology and telecommunications companies are working on ways to develop pipe television shows to consumers homes via high speed internet lines.
4			language	software	technology	speech	recognition	research			ibm code for speech software to be open after decades of research and development, speech recognition is finally moving toward mainstream use. advances in statistical modeling, pattern matching algorithms and processing power have
2			coaching	baseball	safety	retirement	basketball	sport	football	coach			niners coach taking mental beating in nightmare season during the san francisco 49ers bye week, dennis erickson wants his players to get as far away as possible from their burgeoning disaster of a season.
4			mobile	network	mobility	wireless	technology	nokia	siemens	telecommunication	phone			siemens unveils cordless phones for skype users voip provider skype has teamed up with siemens communications to offer cordless phones in a move that gives skype users the ability to drop their headsets and use siemens phones for free web telephoning.
4			computer	hardware	technology	power	performance	machine	silicon	computing	linux			sgi claims supercomputing victory although a victor won 't be declared for two weeks yet, silicon graphics has become the second computer maker to boast that its machinery is leading a competition for world 's fastest supercomputer.
1			politics	history	war	democracy	europe	economics	terrorism	globalization			chirac urges fairer world order france's jacques chirac says global powers must recognise the new reality of an interdependent world.
4			computer	pc	linux	microsoft	technology	apple	ibm	pcs	computing	industry			study: apple, dell lead pc customer satisfaction index the pc industry is doing a better job of satisfying its u.s. customers than in recent years, and improvements to technical support seem to have done the trick, according to the results of a study released tuesday by the university of michigan in ann arbor.
1			politics	abortion	election	democrat	democracy	conservative	race	ethics	republican	education			dean urges dems to stick to convictions howard dean, with an eye on leading the democratic party in the wake of widespread election losses, said wednesday that democrats must campaign on their convictions and not give into the temptation to behave like republicans.
2			politics	medal	doping	athletics	sport	germany	football	athlete	hungary			medal stays in hungary the hungarian hammer thrower who was stripped of his gold medal after refusing to take a follow up drug test at the athens olympics said tuesday that he vows to keep his medal.
4			computer	hardware	intel	technology	networking	silicon	speed	computing	linux			intel expands centrino line with new pentium m chip intel has given its centrino laptop package a speed boost with the release of a new, faster pentium m processor. the centrino package includes a pentium m processors, a pc chipset and a wireless lan chipset.
2			coaching	baseball	team	hockey	statistics	sport	football	goal	stats			bang up job from cohasset the cohasset football team had three goals yesterday: defeat rival hull, complete its first undefeated regular season since 1957, and come away from the game injury free for tuesday's playoff game. the skippers accomplished the first two goals, defeating hull, 20 6, but came away with significant injuries to linemen.
1			election	ukrainian	politics	democracy	voting	poll	russia	ukraine			rally against ukraine vote swells opposition presidential candidate viktor yushchenko took a symbolic oath of office in his country's parliament tuesday as supporters rallied to challenge official vote counts that gave an insurmountable lead to his opponent.
4			windows	computer	hardware	software	technology	microsoft	russia	linux			russia gets budget version of windows com september 27, 2004, 5:00 am pt. this fourth priority 's main focus has been improving or obtaining crm and erp software for the past year and a half.
4			linux	unix	software	technology	performance	networking	availability	security	reliability			another upgrade boosts red hat news research got its second upgrade in two week tuesday, and promptly leaped northward. in recent trading, shares of the linux vendor were up $ 1.42, or 10.6, to $ 14.84 in heavy volume.
4			job	motorola	manufacturing	technology	company	growth	patent	google	industry			motorola cuts 1,000 jobs motorola quote, chart said it would cut 1,000 jobs, a move prompted by the spinout of its freescale semiconductor quote, chart subsidiary.
2			boxing	espn	sport	gambling	hbo	money	boxer			it's a fancy move from espn barely a year after an internal investigation into espn's boxing program led to the dismissal of its long time boxing coordinator and a shakeup in its approach that left many small time promoters losing money just to put a show on the network, espn has decided to fight for a niche in the sport long the property of hbo and showtime.
4			cooling	science	water	technology	energy	innovation	space	physics			space technology creates new era in cosmetics cool your product from 22 c to 2 c in just two minutes with no electricity, simply by 100 natural evaporation, using an advanced simulation technique from europe's ariane launcher. we have managed to develop a controlled fast cooling system, without the use of outside energy, where the temperature drops 70 times faster than in a standard refrigerator, says fadi khairallah, founder of thermagen, the company behind this innovation...
1			election	politics	computer	hacking	democracy	voting	privacy	technology			techies praised for e vote work at a meeting of technologists developing new standards for e voting systems, the head of the nation's new elections commission lauds computer scientists for the work they're doing on the nation's behalf. by kim zetter.
1			election	politics	history	democracy	iran	corruption	fraud	terrorism	afghanistan			karzai declared winner of afghan election hamid karzai was officially declared afghanistan 's first ever popularly elected president today after a weeks long fraud probe found no reason to overturn his landslide victory.
4			radio	music	technology	media			tuning in to digital radio the proposed merger of gwr and capital comes at a pivotal point for the radio industry as the digital revolution gathers pace. broadcasters have frequently stated how
4			industry	product	linux	device	privacy	technology	microsoft	apple	hp	windows			microsoft to detail media center updates on oct. 12 microsoft corp. plans to introduce several new consumer products on oct. 12 at an event in los angeles. the announcements are expected to include an update to windows xp media center edition 2004 and the first devices using media center extender technology.
1			politics	progress	evolution	innovation	change	money			fools save half a billion congrats, community! we've scraped together a buffett worthy chunk of change.
2			boxing	baseball	sport	love	money			champ has couple of beers a victorious kostya tszyu didn 't sleep a wink last night, but nothing could wipe the smile off his face as he emerged from his phoenix hotel today.
4			product	network	ethernet	technology	networking	patent	security	linux			lucent partners with riverstone lucent technologies said thursday that it will partner with ethernet equipment maker riverstone networks to round out its product lineup.
4			product	application	device	trend	technology	patent	industry			report: embedded wi fi market shift taking place embedded wi fi products are taking off, and their popularity is likely to grow at an accelerating pace, according to in stat mdr. the market for embedded wi fi clients including mobile pcs
2			coaching	overtime	baseball	retirement	basketball	sport	football	coach	detroit	memphis			fratello takes over as grizzlies coach mike fratello was hired as coach of the memphis grizzlies on thursday as a replacement for hubie brown, who unexpectedly retired last week for health reasons.
4			manufacturing	china	germany	technology	development	innovation	patent	research	industry			amd turns to chartered for help advanced micro devices is building a new plant in germany but still needs outside assistance to meet expected demand.
1			politics	election	australia	democracy	voting	polling	parliament	abc	electoral			australians to vote on 9 october australian leader john howard calls a general election for 9 october, seeking a fourth term.
4			electronics	lcd	television	technology	tv	windows			lcd price cuts on the rise due to oversupply prices are expected to fall for 17 and 19 inch liquid crystal display lcd tv panels based on thin film technology tft , according to a report by electronic news.
3			trading	inflation	trade	trend	market	stock	growth	finance	money	industry			u.s. stocks rebound on retail sales u.s. stocks rose on friday as a bigger than expected jump in september retail sales offset the impact of falling insurance company shares.
2			baseball	team	college	school	basketball	sport	football			north shore what: miaa division 3a super bowl. where: bentley college in waltham. when: saturday at 10 a.m. last meeting: schools have never met.
2			baseball	hockey	england	india	soccer	sport	football	stadium	cricket			spills apart, india hold edge in thriller the chidambaram stadium on saturday was like a cauldron in which about 40,000 people were sweating profusely but their eyes were still glued to the ground.
4			mobile	network	mobility	ethernet	technology	broadband	wireless	telecommunication	networking			verizon wireless brings 3g to more cities nation's largest wireless carrier says it's leading the race to cover the united states with a third generation network.
3			history	business	technology	tax	company	litigation	fraud	bankruptcy	patent	corporation			tommy hilfiger gets grand jury subpoena tommy hilfiger usa said friday that it received a federal grand jury subpoena seeking documents related to commissions the company paid to a non us subsidiary since 1990.
4			ibm	computer	technology	storage	energy	hp	patent	computing	linux			hp girds for grid storage campaign the computing giant talks up new storage products and plans after a major sales stumble.
2			baseball	gaming	jazz	basketball	sport	music	football	nba			hip hop alters nba there's a growing disconnect between basketball's paying public and the nba players that began when the nba decided to dovetail its product with hip hop.
4			electronics	battery	computer	mobility	technology	car	power	phone			gadgets we love the new motorola razr v3 is such a smack me gorgeous sliver of technolust that you want to keep it up to your ear all the time and show it off, telegraphing how indescribably hip by association you are to own it. but you don't get to, see, because it works so well with motorola's new bluetooth wireless headset, which frees up your hands for less vainglorious activities, like driving.
2			basketball	sport	aids	kid	money			cry foul over nba millionaire basketball players want to bounce a harlem community center where thousands of kids come for after school help every year, a group charged yesterday.
2			boxing	game	doping	sport	aids	greece	football	drug	gambling			athens games a watershed in war against cheats it started with a missed drugs test and ended with a stripped gold medal. in between it was dominated by steroids, stimulants and diuretics.
4			product	partner	application	collaboration	technology	partnership			adds customization, partners customer relationship management crm specialist is adding customization features to its hosted suite as well as increasing its reliance on partners to develop complementary applications.
3			business	cut	greed	profit	fraud	risk	competition	money			nortel networks to cut 3,500 nortel networks said yesterday it will slash its workforce by 3,500, or 10 percent, as it struggles to recover from an accounting scandal that toppled three top executives and led to a criminal ...
2			coaching	concussion	baseball	statistics	qb	espn	basketball	sport	football	quarterback			roundup: penn state qb mills may miss osu game penn state starting quarterback zack mills may not play saturday against ohio state because of the lingering effects of a concussion.
1			politics	america	controversy	abortion	election	violence	ohio	debate	republican			one month later, fight over ohio continues nearly a month after john kerry conceded ohio to president bush, complaints and challenges about the balloting are mounting as activists including the rev. jesse jackson demand closer scrutiny to ensure the votes are being counted on the up and up.
2			politics	baseball	michigan	sport	football	iowa			nowhere to run michigan 's defense stifles iowa 's running game ... refrain from stealing a glance or two at the mammoth michigan stadium scoreboards during saturday 's game against iowa. don 't tell the coaches, he said afterward, putting a finger to his lips and smiling.
1			politics	election	government	democracy	corruption	afghanistan	governance			parliamentarians not to compromise governance for personal gains: musharraf president general pervez musharraf tuesday urged the parliamentarians not to compromise governance for personal gains and work selflessly to serve the people and earn a rightful place for the country in the comity of ...
4			industry	microsoft	nokia	company	technology	money	number			nokia raises outlook, shares up mobile phone maker nokia raised its third quarter sales and earnings forecasts on thursday on the back of strong market demand, reversing a recent spate of grim outlooks and sending its share price higher.
3			revenue	sale	profit	strategy	bankruptcy	finance	competition	industry			peoplesoft logs profit, rising sales peoplesoft reported a profit and rising revenue thursday, as the pleasanton software company sought to steady its footing after several setbacks in its fight against rival oracle's 7.7 billion hostile takeover bid.
4			motorola	network	mobility	broadband	nokia	technology	wireless	telecommunication	networking	patent			motorola acquires meshnetworks motorola inc. is acquiring meshnetworks inc., developer of a technology that makes it easy to set up and expand wireless networks, in a deal expected to help the world's no. 2 cell phone maker win more government business.
1			politics	election	radical	democracy	money			reach out and sneer: dem radicals speak to the red states comment no more mr nice liberal, apparently...
4			privacy	technology	company	tech	analytics	google	money			despite all the hype, tech ipos aren 't tops five years from now, when you are on a television quiz show, the category is public companies, and the question is what was the biggest ipo of 2004, you ll be able to answer with supreme confidence: not google, but genworth financial.
2			boxing	baseball	cleveland	volleyball	basketball	sport	player	nba	tennis			jayson williams works out with cavaliers jayson williams, acquitted in april of aggravated manslaughter in the shooting death of a limousine driver, worked out with the cleveland cavaliers on thursday.
4			nano	safety	chemicals	biotechnology	technology	cancer	chemistry			briefly: avici extends at t contract roundup plus: ironport spam shield gets brings pci express to amd lab makes nano parts less toxic.
1			politics	war	iraq	bush	strategy	leadership			bush, kerry trade charges on leadership bitingly personal, president bush called sen. john kerry too weak and wavering for wartime leadership thursday while the democrat held bush responsible for missing explosives in iraq. the commander in chief is not getting his job done, kerry said.
1			politics	election	controversy	race	republican	money	ethics	leadership			majority leader faces balancing act in senate washington ; leading the majority party in the senate, a job that has been likened to herding cats, is tough enough in ordinary times. for majority leader bill frist r tenn. , last week's republican election triumphs paradoxically made the job tougher yet.
3			business	coffee	starbucks	marketing	growth	money			starbucks profit climbs, extra week helps starbucks corp. , the world's largest coffee shop chain, on wednesday said quarterly net profit rose 47 percent, helped by its aggressive store expansion and an extra week in the period.
4			network	hardware	intel	technology	via	vs	silicon			via develops twin core processor processor could steal spotlight from amd, intel's forthcoming dual core chips.
3			ceo	sale	marketing	growth	finance	strategy	profit	competition	money			sainsbury 's profits set to tumble sainsbury expects first half profits to slump nearly two thirds from last year, as it bleeds market share to rivals and reels from an exodus of top staff.
2			game	olympics	athletics	sport	paralympics	paralympic	cycling			making seamless transition to paralympics will be a challenge ... how to make a seamless transition from the olympics to the paralympics is one of the lessons a five member team from the vancouver 2010 organizing committee is learning during a visit to the athens paralympic games, said vanoc ceo john
2			overtime	boxing	espn	sport	race	nfl	football	boxer			nfl roundup: fight costly for 2 browns, 1 steeeler linebacker joey porter of the pittsburgh steelers and running back william green of the cleveland browns were fined $ 10,000 each by the nfl on tuesday for their fight before sunday 's game.
2			baseball	basketball	sport	boston	football	money			facing rocky road? rocky hager says give him at least a half hour and he'll tell you how much he's enjoyed his stay in boston as coach of the northeastern football team.
4			processor	electronics	computer	chip	intel	technology	silicon	computing	linux			intel devising chip line for consumer electronics intel is readying a line of consumer electronics chips based on the ia 32 architecture, the design underlying the vast majority of intel 's desktop, notebook and server processors, said louis burns, co general manger of the desktop platforms group at intel
1			politics	election	israel	war	democracy	violence	peace	conflict	terrorism	security			palestinian factions determined to keep unity, order if arafat ... palestinian officials and leaders from armed factions closed ranks friday in a bid to ensure security and keep a lid on any instability should palestinian leader yasser arafat die in a french hospital.
1			politics	election	history	survival	war	democracy	peace	iraq	terrorism	freedom			editorial: end of siege it is the iraqi people who come best out of the end of the najaf siege. this has been a triumph for the moderate majority who until yesterday felt themselves powerless to influence the wretched course of events in their own country.
4			network	connectivity	ethernet	wireless	broadband	technology	networking	patent	availability			wi fi planet highlights multichannel access points this week 's wi fi planet conference and expo will highlight the increasing variety and sophistication of wlan technology for the enterprise.
1			p	election	politics			sharon moves to form new coalition after crushing opponents of ... israeli prime minister ariel sharon moved swiftly to forge a national unity government after winning approval to reshape his coalition and crushing internal opposition to his gaza pullout plan.
3			business	tourism	technology	growth	oil	transportation	money	industry			a hot stock at 7 times earnings seaboard, a small agribusiness and transportation company, looks promising.
3			business	loss	profit	growth	finance	bankruptcy	money	industry			circuit city cuts quarterly loss,stock up circuit city stores inc. on friday reported a narrower quarterly loss as it kept a tight rein on expenses and sales of digital televisions and notebook computers rose, sending its stock up 5 percent.
4			software	privacy	biotechnology	technology	copyright	innovation	patent			torvalds comes out against eu patent directive in the statement, issued tuesday, the three developers argued that the legislation, called the software patent directive, would be harmful to the european economy.
4			electronics	computer	music	car	technology	gun	money	security			newest gta is sure to please and outrage get some earplugs grand theft auto: san andreas is hitting stores, and the sound from cash registers ringing up copies of the video game could be deafening.
2			coaching	baseball	statistics	game	sport	nfl	football	coach	playoff	win			bengals hit rock bottom there are no easy wins in the nfl, as every week is a new challenge. however, there are some games that are more winnable than others.
4			computer	graphic	mobility	chip	intel	technology	silicon	computing	linux			ati delivers chipset for amd platforms computer graphics specialist ati technologies nasdaq: atyt has unveiled a new chipset for desktop systems running amd's nyse: amd next generation 64 bit athlon and sempron processors.
4			electronics	computer	software	privacy	technology	pcs	linux			old computers: an it department liability that's costing more more and more resellers of used computer equipment are charging to erase data that may still be left on hard drives.
3			investing	company	stock	growth	finance	profit	corporation	competition	money			doubleclick says quarterly profit more than doubles internet marketing company doubleclick inc. on thursday said quarterly profit more than doubled with one time gains, but its shares fell after hours on a fourth quarter view that fell short of wall street expectations.
4			science	biology	biotechnology	technology	evolution	scientist	innovation	chemistry	education	physics			science's budding stars shine finalists display innovations and compete for $ 100,000 scholarships at the nation's top high school science event.
2			america	baseball	sport	football	seattle	washington			another voice baseball in washington washington may or may not get a new president next year, but it is getting a new baseball team. and like almost every major league team that has ever worn washington on its jersey, this one is a last place bunch.
4			industry	pc	manufacturing	trend	technology	growth	innovation	pcs	linux			idc raises '04 pc growth view, trims '05 projection boosted by the strongest demand from businesses since 1999, pc shipments this year will be higher than previously anticipated, research firm idc said today.
3			business	sale	marketing	kid	advertising	money			wal mart misses comp sales target november same store sales growth was sharply below target, wal mart stores said saturday. free! sign up here to receive our before the bell e newsletter!
2			baseball	retirement	basketball	soccer	sport	football	ricky	money	racing			ricky wants to play again he inquires about a return to the nfl but it 's doubtful he will play for miami. davie after traveling the world, ricky williams has decided he would like to play football again.
2			coaching	baseball	statistics	basketball	athletics	sport	recruiting	football	probation			mississippi state penalized for football violations the ncaa wednesday placed mississippi state on probation for four years because of football recruiting violations.
4			electronics	computer	pc	software	technology	ibm	silicon	sony			sony discloses details on computer chip a long awaited microprocessor developed by ibm corp., sony corp. and toshiba corp. will go into early production next year and start appearing in video game consoles, high definition tvs and home servers in 2006, the companies said monday.
4			science	radiation	safety	privacy	technology	drug	cancer	phone			mobile phones are safe say nordic boffins a group of scientists from sweden, norway, denmark, finland and iceland have issued a joint statement clearing mobile phones from those who accuse them of dosing you with killer radiation.
3			industry	revenue	ceo	trend	cisco	performance	earnings	reliability			update: cisco boosts q1 net income, revenue cisco systems inc. on tuesday reported significant gains in earnings and revenue for its fiscal 2005 first quarter that met analyst expectations.
4			mobile	device	mobility	networking	technology	hp	sprint	windows			sprint announces plans for palmone treo 650 sprint announced plans to offer the sprint pcs vision smart device treo 650 by palmone, a cdma version of the recently announced palmone device.
1			election	politics	controversy	nevada	florida	democracy	voting	arizona			florida supreme court to rule on backup ballots voters displaced by hurricanes or given flawed instructions should be allowed to cast ballots outside their designated precincts, critics of florida's provisional ballot law told the state supreme court on wednesday.
4			mobile	electronics	device	network	technology	wireless	nokia	networking	phone			ericsson pulls bluetooth division the mobile developer disbands the unit that developed the short range wireless technology used in some cell phones and notebook pcs.
4			manufacturing	trend	technology	aging	growth	innovation	change	silicon	industry			eyeing downturn, chip makers trim equipment buying the semiconductor industry is showing the first signs of slowing growth, trimming purchases of raw materials and production equipment as demand slows, industry executives and analysts said on tuesday.
4			technology	company	growth	google	money			google gets a bounce, ends its first day up 18 percent shares of google leaped $ 15.34, or 18 percent, to $ 100.34 on the nasdaq exchange yesterday in an opening day of trading that harkened back to the wild run ups of the dot com era.
4			computer	business	manufacturing	engineering	technology	innovation	ibm	industry			can ibm change the game in storage? big blue, now no. 3 in this hot market, is launching a new product line that has the potential to shake up the industry. over the past four years, ibm ibm used its engineering chops to take the lead in the
1			election	politics	democracy	voting	polling	poll	immigration	voter	turnout			namibians cast their ballots namibian voters are casting their ballots in the nation 's presidential and parliamentary elections. in windhoek, people started arriving at the polling stations as early as 5am today.
2			coaching	baseball	extension	statistics	skinner	espn	basketball	sport	football			bc gives skinner 2 year extension after guiding the boston college men's basketball program to 80 victories and four postseason appearances including three ncaa berths in the last four seasons, al skinner yesterday was rewarded with a two year contract extension that runs through 2009 10.
4			network	privacy	technology	regulation	internet	communication	telecommunication	phone			fcc: states can 't regulate net phones phone calls made over the internet cannot be regulated by states, the federal communications commission said wednesday.
1			politics	life	war	violence	sport	clash	revenge	conflict	anger			clash brings back bad memories for tomjanovich rudy tomjanovich isn 't sure whether the tv images of the brawl between the detroit pistons and indiana pacers affected him more deeply because of what he went through in another on court brawl 27 years ago.
1			politics	drug	people	money			renegades trying more conventional approach well, says dallas mavericks coach don nelson, laughing at the question before he even starts answering, you can 't stop people from talking.
4			industry	computer	linux	manufacturing	technology	performance	manufacturer	hp	ibm	server			ibm upgrades blade servers ibm will soon begin shipping upgraded models of its hs20 and js20 blade servers, including a new scsi small computer system interface option for the hs20 that will double the number of scsi blades that users can fit into a single chassis, the company
4			news	cable	television	network	technology	communication	advertising	tv	money			cable titans team for adelphia comcast and time warner yesterday announced they will make a joint bid for adelphia communications, jumping to the front of the pack in the widely watched auction for the no.
4			mobile	mobility	privacy	telecom	broadband	smartphone	technology	telecommunication	phone			mobile multimedia slow to catch on mobile phone firms face a series of hurdles if they want to get their customers using their funky new handsets.
3			insurance	business	company	finance	fraud	profit	bankruptcy	money			nortel shares down on news of criminal probe news of an rcmp criminal investigation of nortel networks and its financial accounting practices sent the company 's shares down slightly on tuesday.
3			history	business	investing	marketing	advertising	money			good night for a good knight phil knight saved the best for last for the company he helped nurture into a brand superstar.
4			computer	hacking	hardware	software	privacy	technology	security	linux			ex austin student indicted for data theft com november 5, 2004, 5:24 pm pt. security continues to hold steady over software as the third top it priority, with organizations busy coping with cyber threats, keeping up with software
1			politics	life	revolution	violence	war	peace	terrorism			arafat receives parting shots after death former president bill clinton suggested in print that yasser arafat ..simply couldn 't make the final jump from revolutionary to would be different if the end of violence took palestine out of the headlines and instead he had to worry about
4			catalyst	network	connectivity	ethernet	technology	switching	cisco	networking	switch			cisco unveils advanced ip phone, catalyst switch improvements cisco today unveiled what it claimed is the world 's first gigabit ethernet gbe enabled ip phone, in addition to a raft of enhancements to its catalyst switching range designed to boost security, availability and performance.
2			coaching	kobe	baseball	lakers	espn	basketball	sport	playoff	nba	stats			los angeles lakers team report december 17 the los angeles lakers begin a season high six game homestand tonight against the washington wizards at the staples center.
4			security	biotechnology	privacy	technology	patent	drug	surveillance			new induce act alarms foes cd burners, jukebox programs and wi fi routers are just a few of the technologies that could be threatened under a new version of the induce act, critics say.
4			electronics	lcd	technology	tv	vs			corning's crystal clear future the company will continue to capitalize on the growth in lcd tv sales.
4			electronics	computer	chip	intel	technology	innovation	silicon	speed			can mr. chips transform intel? paul s. otellini, the probable new chief of intel, may have to lead the chip manufacturer in an industry where the race may be for creativity, not speed.
2			coaching	baseball	statistics	safety	espn	basketball	sport	recruiting	football	quarterback			north texas star running back patrick cobbs out for season denton, texas north texas has shut down star running back patrick cobbs for the season. mean green coach darrell dickey says cobbs will take a redshirt this season and return to the team as a fifth year senior next season.
4			electricity	network	technology	wireless	internet	broadband	telecommunication			broadband use passes dial up just over half of us internet users now connect through broadband, according to a new survey. nielsen netratings reports that in july, 51 percent of internet users had dsl, cable, or other fast connections, up dramatically from 38 percent in ...
3			business	trend	revenue	profit	finance	competition	money			omnicom 3q profit driven by global reach omnicom group inc., owner of advertising agencies such as bbdo and ddb worldwide, on tuesday reported third quarter profit beat wall street expectations as revenue increased 14 percent from the year ago period.
1			election	america	politics	democracy	economics	time	money			wall street faces 2 elections, not just 1 the waiting game for the u.s. presidential election ends two weeks from tuesday but then investors can turn over the timer and start again.
3			business	ceo	retirement	management	shareholder	company	strategy	finance	bankruptcy	corporation			wachovia exec mcmullen retires wachovia corp. said thursday that don mcmullen jr., head of its capital management unit, is retiring at year end. he will be replaced by david carroll, 47, who has led the company 's merger integrations and corporate marketing.
4			mobile	motorola	network	mobility	technology	nokia	broadband	wireless	telecommunication	phone			motorola makes cuts, focuses on wireless in a move designed to hone in on its wireless business and reduce operating costs, motorola is handing out 1,000 pink slips and will take a charge of $ 50 million.
3			revenue	sale	technology	company	profit	productivity	corporation	industry			microsoft sees profits climb 11 microsoft, the world's largest maker of computer software, reports an 11 rise in quarterly profit but says sales may disappoint in the current period.
2			baseball	chicago	basketball	soccer	sport	golf	football	cricket	tennis			baseball: have a seat sitting in the lap of chicago cubs ... chicago it was a birthday gift from his girlfriend and brother, a box seat ticket to a chicago cubs game against montreal at wrigley field.
4			electronics	computer	television	chip	intel	technology	tv	silicon	linux			intel backs away from tv chips intel corp. is scrapping plans to enter the digital television chip business, marking a retreat from a major component of its consumer electronics initiative.
4			business	management	technology	company	cisco	innovation	networking	ibm	industry			solid growth lifts cisco fortunes cisco systems, the it systems producer, records a strong start to the year with first quarter profits rising 29.
4			computer	intel	technology	economics	tech	innovation	silicon	security	industry			tech stocks tumble as intel disappoints u.s. technology shares tumbled on friday after intel corp. , the world's no. 1 chip maker, slashed its revenue forecast, but blue chips were only moderately lower as drug and industrial stocks gained.
4			virus	computer	disk	technology	machine	floppy	linux			bye bye, floppy. it 's been good to know you if you re a computer user, you may have several of them stacked on your desk. we re talking about floppy disks and they are pretty much becoming extinct.
4			pc	computer	linux	mac	manufacturing	technology	hp	pcs	industry			pc shipments fall short of targets, says gartner global pc unit shipments for the september 2004 fiscal quarter grew by 9.7 percent over a year ago, below market guidance for 12 percent growth and indicative of a weakening market for desktop pcs, according to market research firm
4			job	computer	ceo	technology	money	cost	security	industry			computer associates to cut workforce wsj computer associates international inc. will lay off about 5 percent of its work force in an attempt to cut costs, the wall street journal reported on wednesday.
4			computer	software	microsoft	technology	litigation	copyright	patent	industry			microsoft, hp, ibm safe from kodak software patent though a friday patent lawsuit verdict against sun microsystems inc. could potentially have a wide ranging impact on the computer industry, the ruling appears unlikely to affect three of the world's largest it companies, who have licensed the technology in question. hewlett packard co., ibm corp. and microsoft corp. are licensees of the software patents in question, the patents' owner, eastman kodak co., confirmed monday.
4			computer	graphic	intel	technology	design	patent	pcs	silicon	computing			nvidia to put more force behind intel processors a broad patent agreement will let the graphic chip specialist build chipsets for intel pcs.
3			rival	partner	relationship	business	competitor	technology	alliance	partnership	competition			adaptec: partner or competitor? adaptec is changing tack under ceo robert stephens and might soon find itself in direct competition with several old partners.
4			computer	privacy	car	technology	apple	hp	innovation	consumer			computer maker unveils new printers, cameras, tvs and music player at a miami event, timed to coincide with the mtv video music awards which hp is sponsoring , hp ceo carly fiorina discussed how the new products support consumers in a world that is increasingly
3			product	intelligence	business	java	company	oracle	analytics			oracle intros business intelligence 10g oracle today introduced the latest version of its business intelligence product which combines information access, analysis, reporting, data integration and management tools into a standalone application.
4			ibm	technology	ip	internet	patent	email	computing	industry			ibm targets web hosting as key growth area international business machines corp. ibm.n widened its lead last year in the u.s. market for internet hosting services as it won a greater share of the medium sized business market, according to data recently published by market research firm idc.
4			computer	engineering	programming	software	technology	car	automation	ai	linux			gm cto sees more code on future cars the relationship between general motors corp. gm and the software industry is set for some major changes over the next few years as software becomes a more important component of the automobile, said anthony scott, the chief technology officer of gm's information systems and services organization, at a conference of software industry executives tuesday in santa clara, california.
4			electronics	lcd	battery	philip	price	technology	storage	display			high lcd supplies pressured prices and cut into margins lg.philips lcd said monday its third quarter net income dropped on year and fell short of forecasts, as high supplies led to lower prices of its liquid crystal display panels.
3			job	computer	failure	business	software	technology	bankruptcy	money	reliability			software disasters often people problems new software at hewlett packard co. was supposed to get orders in and out the door faster at the computer giant. instead, a botched deployment cut into earnings in a big way in august and executives got fired.
4			electronics	computer	technology	storage	sound	film	audio	computing			the almanac: storage optware corp. in japan has come out with a prototype of what it calls the world 's first holographic recording disc for reliable recording and playback of digital movies.
4			electronics	computer	linux	manufacturing	intel	technology	apple	innovation	silicon	industry			intel delays digital tv chips chip maker postpones yet another product launch.
4			battery	electricity	sex	technology	power	money	phone	number			the cordless phone tries to catch up to its cool cousin a cordless phone borrows a trick from its cellular cousins, shrinking toward the vanishing point.
4			computer	graphic	computing	technology	math	mathematics	astronomy	linux			sun lassoes longhorn sized supercomputer win sun microsystems and the university of texas have teamed to create an ultrasparc powered giant that will crunch 3d tasks for the school.
3			job	computer	employee	manufacturing	ceo	company	ibm	corporation	email	industry			lenovo says it doesn 't plan to fire ibm unit workers mary ma, lenovo group ltd. chief financial officer, said she doesn 't think employees will be fired when the company completes its $ 1.25 billion purchase of international business machines corp.
1			election	politics	nevada	voting	technology	system	security			nevada officials back e vote systems for primary, general election nevada election officials are confident that an electronic voting system being used in the sept. 7 primary and the november election will work as expected, despite a problem that occurred during a demonstration of the technology in california.
4			processor	computer	chip	price	intel	technology	pricing	silicon	linux			intel slashes processor prices intel corp. is slashing the prices on many of its pentium 4 chips by as much as one third, as well as other desktop, mobile and server processors.
3			america	computer	business	greed	networking	money	security			routing's rock star tony li helped develop some of the most sophisticated internet protocol routers in the world for cisco and juniper. now he's ready to dish on his ex employers.
4			business	technology	microsoft	company	internet	ibm	email	industry			ibm plans web meeting service, takes aim at webex ibm plans to offer web conferencing as a hosted internet service, seeking to reach small and medium sized business customers while taking on more established rivals in the market, the company said on tuesday.
4			automobile	product	electronics	computer	electricity	television	manufacturing	technology	hp	windows			hp introduces home electronics in fall product lineup hp, the world 's second largest computer maker, on friday introduced a number of consumer products including tvs in unveiling its fall product lineup for the christmas season.
1			politics	election	voting	race	polling	poll	immigration	candidate			results of ap poll on presidential race the associated press ipsos poll on the presidential race is based on telephone interviews with 1,541 adults, including 1,273 registered voters and 944 likely voters, from all states except alaska and hawaii. the interviews were conducted oct. 4 6 by ipsos public affairs.
1			politics	election	campaign	kerry	mccain	republican	money	lobbying			pacs' post labor day spending favors kerry interest groups that can urge the public to vote for or against candidates have spent at least 25 million on the presidential race since labor day, with john kerry's supporters outspending bush's by more than 4 to 1.
4			computer	privacy	technology	broadband	internet	surfing	networking	speed			web surfers hit higher speeds the majority of internet users in the u.s. have ditched dial up, survey says.
2			coaching	baseball	retirement	basketball	sport	recruiting	football	coach			la salle selects giannini la salle's monthlong search for a head men's basketball coach is over. maine coach john giannini will be named the coach at la salle tomorrow, according to a source familiar with the school's coaching search.
2			baseball	espn	basketball	sport	football	purdue	vs			west lafayette place to be for battle of unbeatens hope the college gameday crew which will be broadcasting from purdue 's campus for the first time can come up with a title that does justice to the marquee matchup saturday between the no.
4			wikipedia	computer	engineering	music	technology	feedback	innovation	networking			free ipod help us hire engineers! rojo is trying to hire a few engineers . rojo is an amazing company to work for. we're working with some really impressive technologies and doing some really cool work. if you're interested in rss atom, social networking, open source, java, linux, etc then i'd highly recommend that you come and work with us. if you suggest someone to rojo, and we hire them, we'll give you a free ipod. at the very minimum its a nice gesture for your help. also if you want a free invite to rojo please let me know. we'd love to have more feedback.
2			boxing	baseball	controversy	espn	basketball	sport	nfl	football	racism			randy moss fined 5k for shoving match randy moss was fined 5,000 by the nfl for his role in a scuffle during last sunday's game between the vikings and chicago bears.
3			israel	business	investing	technology	economics	company	finance	corporation	money			america's largest private companies editors: shlomo reifman and samantha n. wong researchers: joshua brandt, fei mei chan, andrew t. gillies, soo jeong, edward knudsen, artie kwok, john ray and jody yen programmer: carl subick
4			mobility	usb	wireless	nokia	technology	siemens	networking	phone			more skype add ons showing up on the internet siemens has announced a usb dongle that connects skype users to a cordless phone. but it only works with siemens own handsets.
2			mlb	baseball	television	espn	basketball	sport	football	pitching	tv			major league baseball to create channel major league baseball has approved the creation of a national cable television channel devoted to the sport, but regular season games may be confined to the bench for the network 's first year, a top league ...
1			election	politics	campaign	democracy	voting	strategy	money	leadership			decision iraq the role of commander in chief is clearly one of the president's most important jobs. but a presidential campaign provides voters little opportunity to evaluate how a candidate would handle that role, particularly if the candidate isn't an incumbent.
4			dell	technology	nokia	innovation	semiconductor	industry			qualcomm sees spike in its future qualcomm quote, chart is in talks to acquire a semiconductor design firm to help satisfy demand for its third generation cdma define wireless devices, the company said thursday.
2			coaching	baseball	team	beach	basketball	volleyball	sport	football	tennis			barnstable nets second straight barnstable cruised to its second consecutive miaa division 1 state volleyball championship, and its eighth in 10 years, with a 3 0 win over quincy last night.
4			cyber	hacking	privacy	technology	tech	strategy	terrorism	policy	security			tech execs outline 'net security agenda hoping to guide policy in president bush's second term, the cyber security industry alliance today called for higher profile leadership within the dept. of homeland security.
2			politics	baseball	sport	football	god	sanders			no time like prime time here's where the baltimore ravens are missing the bus: they've got deion sanders and they've scheduled his news conference for early in the afternoon. put it in prime time!
1			politics	president	ceo	succession	money	leadership			bell: mcdonald 's denies report re succession plan who 's next on first? mcdonald 's nyse: mcd news people isn 't saying. earth 's biggest restauranteur would neither confirm nor deny a published report thursday that its succession plan calls for vice chairman
4			mobility	privacy	technology	broadband	internet	telecommunication	speed	education			fcc splits on us broadband rollout success despite being ranked eleventh in the world in broadband penetration, the united states is rolling out high speed services on a reasonable and timely basis to all americans, according to a new report narrowly approved today by the federal communications
4			network	privacy	telecom	technology	communication	telecommunication	patent	email	telephone			verizon, sbc nix access line sales lack of bidders forces largest us local telephone companies to terminate efforts in small markets. new york reuters verizon communications inc.
3			business	ceo	privacy	microsoft	company	corporation	email			peoplesoft ousts ceo in oracle battle in oct 1 story headlined peoplesoft ousts ceo amid oracle battle, please read in paragraph 16 ... originally offering $ 16 a share ... instead of ... originally offering $ 19.50 a share ... by michael kahn and martha graybow.
2			america	baseball	history	soccer	sport	football	brazil	tennis	woman			women 's soccer: fab five capture olympic gold when the first whistle chirped, us women 's soccer icon mia hamm thought it was merely a foul call. she wondered when the endless, harrowing gold medal match against brazil would finally end.
4			graphic	collaboration	software	microsoft	technology	architecture	patent	windows			microsoft, dassault systemes in strategic alliance microsoft corp. , the world's largest software maker, and france's dassault systemes have forged a global, 5 year strategic alliance to deliver dassault's 3d software to firms using the microsoft software platform.
4			radio	network	technology	broadband	wireless	communication	fcc	telecommunication	spectrum			doj, fcc concur on wireless deal the two agencies are coordinating their reviews of cingular wireless' purchase of at wireless services.
3			business	ceo	mr	management	bankruptcy	accounting	money			krispy kreme coo leaves for new job krispy kreme doughnuts inc. said on monday that its chief operating officer is leaving the company for another job, the latest setback for a company that is trying to recover from sluggish sales and an accounting probe.
1			politics	election	controversy	democracy	europe	transparency	corruption	competition			dispute over commissioners ends after meps finally approve ... jose manuel barroso, the european commission president, yesterday won the big majority from meps he needed for his new team of commissioners, as a three week political crisis ended.
3			rating	statistics	business	shareholder	company	telecommunication	growth	finance	money	industry			before the bell: ciena rises on outlook shares of ciena corp. rose 13 percent before the bell on thursday after the telecommunications equipment maker posted a wider quarterly net loss but forecast further revenue growth in the current quarter.
4			electronics	nintendo	computer	game	gaming	software	technology	fun			gimme some skin! sure, the nintendo ds portable game machine is a technical wonder, with its super sensitive touch screen, built in wireless capability and
1			election	indonesia	politics	democracy	voting	immigration	corruption	power	religion			megawati trailing people 's favourite about 140 million indonesians are expected to vote today in the country 's first direct presidential election, with incumbent megawati sukarnoputri hoping for a late surge of support to cling to office.
2			baseball	game	sport	football	monster	detroit	wrestling			san francisco's candlestick renamed monster park candlestick park, home of the san francisco 49ers nfl team, was renamed monster park on tuesday in a $ 6 million deal with an electronics cable company.
2			life	cycling	doping	olympics	sport	race	racing			dutch cyclist 's fairytale comeback watch leontien zijlaard van moorsel, think hermann maier. awful crash, unlikely fightback, gold within days. instant olympic lore.
2			politics	boxing	baseball	war	olympic	olympics	sport	football	money			buzzards overhead the buzzards, now bored, are once again circling olympic stadium, waiting for the hammer, not cement, to fall on the unloved expos.
4			linux	software	microsoft	technology	patent	email	security	industry			lindows delays planned offering software vendor lindows inc. formally postponed its initial public offering yesterday, citing adverse market conditions.
2			boxing	olympics	sport	swimmer	athlete	swimming	phelps	competition			swimming: olympic star phelps rocks swimming like aqua beatles indianapolis, united states : michael phelps has changed the sport of swimming with his stunning effort at the athens olympics. now phelps must learn how much fame has changed him as his journey begins to the 2008 beijing games.
1			politics	israel	war	democracy	violence	corruption	iraq	terrorism			arab countries say us support of israel makes political reform a difficult task senior arab officials attending a us sponsored conference to promote democracy in the middle east emphatically rejected yesterday the bush administration's assertion that greater democracy in the region would help end terrorism. they argued that the administration's strong support of israel made it difficult to undertake political reform or to stop extremists driven by hatred of us ...
4			mobile	handheld	device	mobility	trend	technology	smartphone	nokia			idc: handheld sales continue downward journey the global market for handheld devices continued to dwindle. the industry has recorded a year over year fall for the third successive quarter, according to data released by idc this week.
4			hacking	java	software	technology	evolution	tech	networking	security	linux			spamassassin sports new open source license open source spam blocker gets legal makeover with switch to apache license. oh, and tech upgrades.
2			baseball	basketball	sport	football	williams	time			q a julius williams no matter the time, place, or situation, east boston's julius williams never seems to run out of gas. the no. 2 scorer in division 3a 18 touchdowns, seven 2 point conversions , williams is coming off a 230 yard, four touchdown performance against boston english. williams, a senior, explains why he is the city's best running back in this week's q a.
4			coal	electricity	biotechnology	technology	power	finance	energy	industry			ibm brings high performance computing to houston the company's third supercomputing center will focus on the energy industry.
4			linux	collaboration	technology	microsoft	partnership	networking	windows			microsoft claims partnership creates 1,000 .net platforms executives with hewlett packard and microsoft have disclosed that a 2 year old partnership created to promote the use of .net for web services has resulted in the installation of 1,000 .
4			ibm	application	manufacturing	technology	telecommunication	patent	canada	industry			ibm expands rfid offerings ibm canada has announced a suite of services to speed the benefits of radio frequency identification rfid systems to industrial companies and mid market businesses.
1			politics	election	australia	democracy	terrorism	money	politician			political spam from aussie pm 's son australia prime minister john howard is spamming the australian electorate ahead of the coming october 9 election and he 's using his son 's firm to do it.
4			mobile	technology	content	multimedia	media			multimedia goes mobile at ctia mobile operators, content providers and other participants at the ctia wireless it and entertainment trade show this weekin san franciscowill be gearing up for an expected boom in mobile multimedia in the u.s.
2			politics	baseball	espn	sport	evolution	football	change	diversity			changing directions slogan: all the news that's fit to print in four paragraphs or less they got together the last couple of weeks and asked the staff to vote for the 10 things to change in sports.
1			election	politics	government	democracy	corruption	religion	myanmar	terrorism	media			democracy hopes dim after pm sacked myanmar 's tough but pragmatic prime minister was sacked tuesday by his hardline army colleagues, clouding prospects for the freedom of opposition leader aung san
4			electronics	computer	linux	chip	intel	technology	apple	silicon	industry			intel cancels top speed pentium 4 chip intel corp. on thursday canceled plans to introduce its highest speed pentium 4 chip for desktop computers, marking another in a string of unexpected product changes, cancellations and recalls at the world's largest computer chip maker.
3			trend	sale	growth	profit	money	retail	recession	industry			lowe's sees profit rising in 2005, 2006 home improvement retailer lowe's cos. on tuesday said it expects diluted earnings per share rising in both 2005 and 2006 as it benefits from increased remodeling activity and a rise in home ownership.
4			computer	intelligence	technology	defense	weapon	espionage	ai	security	industry			report faults military technology in iraq war front line u.s. troops often lacked access to surveillance and intelligence data during the invasion of iraq because of computer glitches, technology review magazine reported on tuesday, citing a largely classified report by rand corp.
3			expansion	acquisition	marketing	leverage	growth	strategy	consolidation	retail			general growth to become stronger with acquisition of rouse general growth properties, the company that owns ala moana center, victoria ward ltd., and hilo 's prince kuhio plaza, stands to gain even more leverage with national retail chains after acquiring the rouse co.
4			electronics	motorola	computer	business	mobility	technology	communication	telecommunication	money			making over motorola edward zander always wanted to be in charge. after 25 years in high technology, including five years as a prominent second banana at sun microsystems, zander got his wish. in january he became chief executive at motorola, a fallen angel of mobile communications. it used to own the business. it doesn't anymore.
4			computer	faster	technology	power	math	speed	computing	linux			virgina tech 's system x supercomputer rebuilt for speed as if being the fastest university supercomputer wasn 't enough, virginia tech 's power mac g5 based machine just got an upgrade to make it even faster.
1			election	politics	transparency	expense	fraud	finance			fec oks unlimited donations for recounts presidential and congressional candidates can raise unlimited donations to finance recounts as president bush and al gore did for their high stakes florida dispute in 2000.
4			asia	network	india	telecom	technology	telecommunication	networking	industry			asian telecom firms come together seven asian mobile phone firms are joining together to form an alliance that will invest $ 30m to $ 40m in new technologies.
4			computer	chip	intel	technology	economics	finance	money	silicon	linux			intel doubles dividend, expands buyback intel corp. , the world's largest maker of computer chips, said on wednesday it would double its quarterly dividend to 8 cents a share, the second time this year it has doubled its cash payout.
4			electronics	battery	dell	computer	hardware	technology	consumer	retail	linux			dell hears consumer electronics call dell is expected to expand its line of line of consumer electronics this week, possibly taking the wraps off of a challenger to apple computer 's ipod mini music player.
4			technology	tech	startup	growth	innovation	silicon			the start of something big? cnet 's michael kanellos says start ups and their innovative ideas are the lifeblood of silicon valley.
4			mobile	network	cellular	wireless	broadband	technology	telecommunication	networking			cellular alternative to dsl, cable net in the works a top networking gear producer plans to offer a speedy new cellular technology that's an alternative to dsl and cable internet access with the added advantage of being available on the road.
4			computer	hacking	cheating	hacked	hacker	technology	terrorism	security			hacker hits california university computer a computer hacker accessed names and social security numbers of about 1.4 million californians after breaking into a university of california, berkeley, computer system in perhaps the worst attack of its kind ever suffered by the school
2			coaching	baseball	espn	basketball	athletics	sport	recruiting	football	coach			reports: gators football coach zook fired florida coach ron zook was fired monday but will be allowed to finish the season, athletic director jeremy foley told the gainesville sun.
3			ceo	trend	technology	marketing	finance	competition	money	industry			zale keeps its luster the company turned in a wider q1 loss but is still on track for a profitable year.
4			connectivity	ethernet	technology	cisco	telecommunication	networking	patent	switch	security			cisco to sell high end routers with fujitsu the deal comes as cisco pushes to develop a market for crs 1, a new line of routers aimed at telephone, wireless and cable companies.
1			election	america	politics	democracy	voting	polling	poll	canada			britons would vote overwhelmingly for kerry in us election: poll british voters would turf president george w. bush out of office in favour of john kerry by an overwhelming majority if the november 2 us election was being held in their country, a poll said.
2			baseball	team	miami	florida	espn	volleyball	basketball	sport	recruiting	football			n.c. state eyes florida state wins north carolina state has the most turnovers in the atlantic coast conference. florida state is among the conference leaders in takeaways.
3			business	sale	investing	marketing	company	growth	profit	money	monday			tuesday morning tumbles on monday close out retailer tuesday morning corp. said monday it expects fourth quarter and full year earnings and full year sales to miss analysts expectations due to poor sales of decorative
2			baseball	history	recovery	sport	football			highlands snaps 25 game losing streak it was known simply as the streak in northern new mexico, a 25 game skid that began in november 2001. and now it's finally over.
4			mobile	network	technology	broadband	nokia	wireless	telecommunication	networking			boingo, vonage join on wireless voip internet based calling is moving beyond the pc and into the mobile realm, as boingo wireless and vonage join forces to provide voice over wi fi service as a complement to traditional voip.
4			electronics	radio	security	hacking	technology	telecommunication	terrorism	phone			many churches installing cell phone jammers the jarring polychromatic din of ringing cell phones is increasingly being thwarted from religious sanctuaries to india's parliament to tokyo theaters and commuter trains by devices originally developed to help security forces avert eavesdropping and thwart phone triggered bombings.
4			job	computer	business	work	privacy	technology	networking	money	security			technology worker opens shop for digital photos only all jeff goulston wanted was a little job security. having watched thousands of jobs get shipped overseas, the technology consultant saw his long term prospects drying up.
3			job	life	business	work	working	money			tivo backer alsop to leave vc firm prominent venture capitalist at silicon valley's new enterprise associates wants to see if i can design a working life for myself.
4			network	mobility	ethernet	technology	broadband	internet	wireless	networking			cingular to offer faster wireless service cingular wireless llc will begin deploying a speedier wireless internet service next year, a move made possible by the network capacity gained with the recent acquisition of at wireless as cingular tries to catch up with to catch up with rivals led by verizon wireless.
4			electronics	computer	chip	technology	fusion	silicon			arm hands over $ 910m for us chip firm arm is to pay $ 910m 504m in cash and shares for artisan, the us based transistor level designer for systems on a chip. arm chairman sir robin saxby said in a conference call: this will be a combination
4			mobile	battery	privacy	technology	charging	telephone	telecommunication	phone			mci planning to write down phone assets mci said it planned to take a $ 3.5 billion charge in the third quarter to better reflect the loss in value of its phone and data networks, mirroring similar steps by at t and sprint.
4			motorola	network	mobility	ethernet	cellular	technology	nokia	wireless	networking	patent			update: motorola to acquire meshnetworks motorola has agreed to buy meshnetworks, a developer of technology and products for rapidly deployed, self creating wireless mobile networks.
4			industry	pc	computer	manufacturing	china	technology	ibm	pcs	consolidation	linux			research: pc market poised for shakeup three top 10 pc manufacturers ibm nyse: ibm , hewlett packard and one unnamed company may abandon the market in the next three years as consolidation takes hold, according to recent research from gartner.
4			computer	intel	technology	apple	hp	ai	silicon	computing	linux			intel takes control of itanium from hp hewlett packard has decided to end their efforts on active development of the itanium chip, which is in the making for a decade now.
4			computer	compatibility	software	technology	evolution	migration	networking	macintosh	linux			the imac g5: a pc user migrates to a mac computerworld columnist yuval kossovsky touts the new imac g5 to his wife and she makes the switch from her pc with the help of a few migration tools.
4			game	software	music	technology	halo			tool connects halo with ... excel the video game halo 2 is considered a killer app for microsoft 's xbox game console a piece of software popular enough to drive big sales of the underlying hardware.
4			windows	china	hardware	software	technology	microsoft	linux			microsoft targets 2006 for next windows the next version of the windows operating system, microsoft corp.'s flagship product, will ship in 2006, the world's largest software maker said on friday.
4			computer	hacking	privacy	technology	encryption	copyright	email	security			google's new pc search tool may pose risks people who use public or workplace computers for e mail, instant messaging and web searching have a new privacy risk to worry about: google's free new tool that indexes a pc's contents for quickly locating data.
4			politics	business	technology	marketing	innovation	google			clinton stumps for newest search engine ex president bill clinton last week delivered the keynote address at the launch of a new business focused search engine.
2			baseball	australia	sport	race	golf	football	tennis	racing			ainslie proves a class act dean barker, the emirates team new zealand skipper, received the louis vuitton trophy for act 2 of america 's cup from the mayor, rita barbera, yesterday.
3			technology	loss	finance	profit	research	money	industry			micron technology posts profit micron technology inc. mu.n: quote, profile, research , the no. 3 computer memory chip maker, on wednesday reported a quarterly profit on stronger pricing, reversing a year earlier loss.
4			electronics	manufacturing	technology	semiconductor	silicon	security	industry			fairchild semi raises outlook, stock up fairchild semiconductor international inc. , a maker of chips used to manage power in electronics, on wednesday said quarterly sales would reach the higher end of its previous targets, sending its shares up as much as 8 percent.
2			montreal	mlb	baseball	soccer	athletics	sport	football	stadium	softball			baseball notes nov. 10 the chairwoman of the district of columbia council delayed a vote on a plan to build a baseball stadium on the anacostia river in southeast washington that would host the montreal expos.
4			ibm	grid	application	network	collaboration	technology	patent	google	computing			ibm steps up grid partner plan waltham, mass. ibm is ramping up its recruitment efforts with application companies in an effort to make an emerging distributed computing technology, called grid computing, pervasive in corporations.
4			prevention	windows	product	privacy	technology	apple	tool	industry			ca gives anti spyware a consumer face revamp of tools picked up from pestpatrol results in three products two for businesses and its first for home users.
3			insurance	product	marketing	risk	profit	consumer	competition	money			colgate palmolive washed away the consumer products firm issues a profit warning for the second half.
1			election	ukrainian	politics	protest	democracy	voting	russia	ukraine			ukrainians vote for president amid fears of rigging and unrest ukrainians cast ballots in a presidential election sunday that has raised fears of post election unrest in this ex soviet republic, and the opposition complained of election violations just hours into the voting.
4			hardware	cpu	hp	performance	networking	ibm	intel	computing	linux			ibm and amd partnership extended through 2008 amd and ibm have extended their cpu technology agreement through the end of 2008. originally signed in december 2002, the alliance was originally slated to wind up at the end of 2005.
4			music	technology	sound	listening	talent			site plans to help fans find offbeat sounds the internet has long carried the promise of being an outlet for new writers, artists and independent musicians. but to david pakman, the chief operating officer of emusic, an online music distributor, that promise has been fading.
4			rating	television	digital	technology	broadband	tv			senate panel to vote on digital tv bill a critical senate committee plans to vote this week on legislation that would require broadcasters to abandon their current analog tv channels and switch solely to digital transmissions by 2009.
2			politics	baseball	television	espn	fan	sport	nfl	football	tv	media			what a difference a day makes: chargers game televised locally fans of the chargers and raiders can relax: sunday 's game between the two teams at qualcomm stadium will be televised locally.
4			science	nano	pollution	biotechnology	technology	patent	research	cancer			epa backs nanomaterial safety research agency awarded $ 4m in grants to study the health, environmental risks posed by manufactured nanomaterials invisibly tiny materials revolutionizing many industries but its effects on living things remain unknown.
4			politics	privacy	technology	telecommunication	networking	consumer	competition	money			us fcc may back some phone network sharing sources competitive telephone carriers could still serve small and medium sized businesses by cheaply leasing the big local telephone networks under rules being drafted by u.s. communications regulators, sources familiar with the matter said this week.
4			electronics	nano	material	biotechnology	technology	energy	innovation	semiconductor	silicon	intel			intel lays out future product roadmap intel said it was already starting to explore options such as carbon nanotubes and nanowires. such materials will be needed to take chips below the 10 nanometer size, which is expected to occur early in the next decade.
4			mobile	network	technology	telecom	broadband	internet	telecommunication	telephone	number			numbering system announced for internet phone users the internet is receiving its own batch of phone numbers for voice over broadband vob phone services, the uk 's telecom regulating body ofcom announced today.
4			mobile	television	network	mobility	standard	technology	telecommunication	tv			mobile vendors tie up for mobile tv nokia, nec, motorola, siemens, and sony ericsson have announced their tie up to decide on a common standard to deliver tv shows straight to the mobile phone over a mobile broadcast network.
1			election	politics	democracy	voting	iran	corruption	refugee	terrorism	afghanistan			voter discontent may hurt afghan leader president hamid karzai rarely misses an opportunity to laud afghanistan's 3 million former refugees for voting with their feet by returning to support their homeland's budding democracy.
4			sony	technology	innovation	patent	research	google	industry			sony and samsung to cross license patents sony corp. 6758.t: quote, profile, research and samsung electronics quote, profile, research said on tuesday they had agreed to share patents on basic technology to speed up
4			dell	computer	software	biotechnology	storage	technology	hp	silicon	linux			dell lineups gain suse linux, 17 inch notebook novell's suse software joins red hat as server option. also: is amd in dell's future?
4			mobile	network	mobility	technology	broadband	nokia	telecommunication			vodafone launches 3g services vodafone, the world 's largest mobile phone network, launched its third generation services in 13 countries today, including the uk.
2			coaching	boxing	injury	baseball	basketball	athletics	sport	illinois	football			randle 's temper may cost him the season brian randle 's second season with the illinois basketball team may have suffered a knockout punch wednesday. the athletic wing forward broke a bone and suffered a dislocation in his left hand
2			olympics	nutrition	athletics	sport	race	athlete	swimming	cycling			nature and nurture, the recipe for olympic gold olympic champions have their parents to thank for their physiology but no one is born a world record holder. that also requires training, nutrition, desire, and determination.
4			network	connectivity	wireless	technology	broadband	cisco	networking	security	link			cisco gives linksys rebate to the upwardly mobile cisco systems introduced a rebate program on friday to encourage owners of its linksys home networking gear to trade up to higher end products.
4			business	privacy	technology	strategy	security			cingular's quiet takeover change is coming for at t wireless's 21.7 million customers although they wouldn't know it from watching the company's commercials or shopping in its stores. the cell phone provider is expected to complete its $ 41 billion merger with cingular wireless within weeks.
4			network	technology	broadband	internet	telecommunication	networking	industry			global dsl subscriber base crosses 78m report with 30m subscribers added in the 12 months leading up june 30, 2004, the number of global users of the dsl broadband technology reached 78m, according to the latest data produced for the dsl forum, the international dsl trade association, by industry
1			politics	america	democracy	kerry	bush			satire sequel parodies u.s. newsmakers from the creators of the political satire sensation this land comes a sequel set to the tune of dixie. the online animation good to be in dc! features the presidential and vice presidential candidates along with attorney general john ashcroft, cbs news anchor dan rather, filmmaker michael moore, talk show host rush limbaugh and jane fonda. in this land,' you had basically president bush and john kerry, said evan spiridellis, who co produced the cartoons with his brother, gregg...
4			application	java	microsoft	technology	ibm	productivity	email	computing	linux			ibm makes websphere smarter to improve business continuity ibm is fleshing out its on demand computing strategy with the release later this year of websphere 6.0, the next incarnation of its flagship application server software.
1			politics	negotiation	democracy	rhetoric	washington	strategy	money	lobbying	leadership			after 38 years, valenti prepares to move on jack valenti took a break from cleaning out his office the other day to expound on a subject he knows well: the art of persuasion. over minestrone soup and hummus at his usual table at the restaurant in the hay adams hotel, valenti, the 82 year old dean of washington lobbyists, reflected on how washington has changed and how lobbyists should operate here.
2			coaching	baseball	basketball	recruiting	defense	football			tapp tops hokie 'd' defensive end darryl tapp ranks among the acc's sack leaders and as a result, has yet to relinquish the hokie defense's most prized possession: the pail.
4			processor	computer	technology	performance	networking	ibm	memory	intel	computing			amd unleashes athlon 64 fx 55 processor the amd athlon 64 processor 4000, also announced today, provides businesses and consumers with world class performance and enables a more secure computing environment.
4			mobile	network	mobility	technology	nokia	wireless	siemens	networking	phone			skype offers free wireless voice calls the siemens handset has been designed to provide cordless access to skype features including free skype to skype calling, buddy lists, the skype global directory and conference calling.
4			mobile	device	technology	smartphone	ios	phone	apps			boom times ahead for smartphones the popularity of mobiles packed with features is set to explode as they get better and cheaper, say analysts.
2			indoors	baseball	hockey	sport	football	canada			playing indoors will make for a different game in west final, says ... wally buono expects a different game when the saskatchewan roughriders come in from the cold to face the bc lions in sunday 's cfl west final.
4			pc	desktop	computer	linux	hardware	software	technology	pcs	windows			linux desktop needs pc vendor support opinion: if the linux desktop is ever to be more than a niche player, it needs a hand from pc vendors, including real support from the ones that already claim to back it.
4			network	ethernet	standard	broadband	wireless	networking	security			802.11n: not so fast! the wi fi alliance yesterday warned wireless gear makers not to jump the gun on marketing 802.11n features before the standard is ratified.
2			coaching	baseball	history	statistics	expectation	basketball	sport	recruiting	football			mountaineers prepared to lead the new look big east the mountaineers open the season in the associated press top 10 for the first time in school history. there are great expectations in morgantown these days.
3			sprint	business	acquisition	option	stock	consolidation	merger			merger could affect nextel partners the proposed $ 35 billion merger of sprint corp. and nextel communications could mean changes for kirkland based nextel partners inc.
3			job	business	retirement	greed	restructuring	profit	bankruptcy	money			delta says it will cut more jobs struggling delta air lines inc. plans additional job cuts as part of its effort to avoid bankruptcy, chief executive gerald grinstein said yesterday in a memo to employees.
4			computer	biotechnology	microsoft	technology	ibm	research	ai	computing	healthcare			ibm, fla. university look to autonomic computing research ibm will supply florida international university with hardware and software so the university can do research on how technology can be used to better protect patient privacy and reduce waiting room time.
4			safety	network	privacy	technology	encryption	protection	networking	security			wi fi nets get security makeover the update uses stronger encryption and does a better job of letting only authorised users join wireless nets. the improvements have been made to re assure businesses that wi fi networks can be made safe enough to be really useful and widely deployed.
4			science	nano	genetics	biotechnology	technology	evolution	dna	research			nanogen to buy bothell biotech epoch biosciences, a small bothell company that makes tools to speed up genetic analysis, said yesterday it has agreed to be sold to san diego based nanogen for about $ 60 million in stock.
1			politics	blood	life	death			being dragan slayer would be an auxsome return for me the lonely walk to a seat in the ibrox stand on big euro nights served as a chilling reminder to dragan mladenovic of what was absent from his world.
1			politics	corruption	politician	terrorism	thatcher			thatcher: i feel like a corpse in a river sir mark thatcher today told how his life had been destroyed by charges that he helped finance a failed african coup. the son of former prime minister
4			mobile	device	mobility	technology	nokia	apple	linux			palmone unveils treo 600 's successor palmone this week is announcing the treo 650, a hybrid pda mobile phone device that addresses many of the shortcomings of its hugely popular predecessor, the treo 600.
3			business	ceo	sale	management	marketing	retail	strategy	money	security			vice chairman quits wal mart thomas coughlin, who joined wal mart stores as head of security and rose to vice chairman, will give up the post early next year after 25 years of service that helped the company become the world 's biggest retailer.
2			coaching	business	management	sport	car	performance	coach			coach's profit jumps as sales increase coach inc. tuesday said its net income leaped 60 percent in the latest quarter, as sales and operating margin both improved at the luxury handbag and accessories retailer.
4			ibm	computer	business	technology	company	hp	patent	corporation			hp thinks big about small businesses computer giant hewlett packard wants to make it easier to sell to small and medium size companies.
2			politics	athens	game	olympics	sport	greece	stadium	football	entertainment			ode to ancient games, nudity and all the olympics may have returned to the land of their birth, but even as these games wind down, the stadiums in athens remain eerily empty. so perhaps the organizers should take some lessons from the ancient greeks. the hosts of those original olympics never had trouble luring spectators: the games were packed for nearly 1,200 years.
4			computer	computing	linux	technology	japan	ibm	speed	space	industry			ibm says blue gene breaks speed record ibm corp. claimed unofficial bragging rights tuesday as owner of the world 's fastest supercomputer. for three years running, the fastest supercomputer has been nec 's earth simulator in japan.
4			politics	policy	privacy	technology	information	innovation	debate	strategy	money			debate: bush's it approach contrasts with kerry's u.s. president george bush could continue his largely hands off, market driven approach to technology issues, while democratic challenger john kerry would take a more government focused approach to issues such as encouraging broadband, cybersecurity and spam, said think tank pundits on both sides of the debate.
4			application	india	technology	patent	test			singtel tests video calls between fixed line and mobile phones singapore telecommunications singtel started trials of third generation 3g video calls between mobile and fixed line phones.
4			electronics	computer	chip	hardware	intel	technology	semiconductor	patent	silicon			amd, ibm extend chip development deal chipmaker will pay big blue nearly $ 300 million, but move should help in competition with intel.
4			computer	business	network	connectivity	ethernet	technology	cisco	networking	switch	security			cisco plans to accelerate new product offerings cisco systems inc. , the world's largest maker of gear for directing internet traffic, plans to offer twice as many new products this year as ever in its history, its chief executive said on wednesday.
2			politics	coaching	baseball	basketball	sport	management	football	coach	strategy	tactic			mallorca coach floro on the brink real mallorca president mateo alemany and his board spent yesterday in talks over the future of coach benito floro. sunday 's defeat at real sociedad has heaped more pressure on mallorca directors to act, despite
4			windows	computer	software	privacy	technology	microsoft	security	linux			now what? answers on windows xp 's sp2 update wondering if you should install microsoft 's windows xp patch now? worried about what might go wrong? we have answers to these questions and others, written from information supplied by microsoft and other sources.
4			freedom	technology	wireless	internet	seattle	networking			resort town becomes wireless hotspot lightning fast wireless internet access, anywhere, anytime has been the elusive goal of internet junkies and e mail a holics. it 's finally arrived in grand haven, mich.
4			dell	computer	linux	hardware	software	technology	hp	networking	server			dell reenters the blade o sphere after talking up its new line of blade servers for months, dell went ahead today and delivered some product. dell, not surprisingly, is touting its new blade server as a space and cost saving improvement over standard 1u rack servers.
4			mobile	mobility	privacy	technology	telephone	call	telecommunication	phone			at lowers price of voip phone service at has lowered the price of its callvantage telephone service to $ 29.99 per month. it includes unlimited local and long distance calling within the us and canada.
4			acquisition	business	privacy	technology	email			frontbridge acquires messagerite for message archiving frontbridge technologies today announced the acquisition of messagerite to broaden the company 's service portfolio to include e mail and instant message archiving.
1			politics	election	intelligence	corruption	fraud	terrorism	money	security			gop accused of padding intelligence bill new immigration barriers and expanded police powers, as well as making more of the public airwaves available for emergency services, are some of the issues trying to find a home in a bill to overhaul u.s. spy agencies...
4			electronics	battery	computer	privacy	technology	car	people	phone	windows			pointlessly, imperfectly portable a new, microsoft conceived handheld device that presents video, photos and music would be a decent idea if there weren't such things as lampposts. or street signs. or trees. or other cars.
4			mobile	electronics	radio	device	music	wireless	technology	audio			xm, delphi deliver handheld satellite radio satellite radio provider xm radio has hooked up with hardware manufacturer delphi nyse: dph on a portable device that moves the emerging entertainment service out of the car and into the hands of users.
4			electronics	software	music	technology	sound	feedback	sampling	logic	apple	audio			analysts, apple on logic, garageband the focus of apple computer inc. executives was on music wednesday as the cupertino, calif. based company released new versions of its professional music creation software logic, logic express and new jam packs for its consumer level application garageband. research analysts feel that apple's overall product strategy of offering multiple products from consumer to pro is sound.
4			ibm	computer	privacy	technology	patent	money	industry			ibm ordered to pay court costs to compuware new york, september 28: compuware corp, a maker of software to manage computer systems, on monday said a federal court had ordered international business machines corp to pay certain pretrial court costs related to compuware 's ongoing lawsuit against the
3			statistics	agriculture	revenue	company	growth	profit	competition	money	earnings	industry			toro earnings rise, dividend doubled lawn care equipment maker toro co. on wednesday reported stronger than expected quarterly earnings and doubled its dividend, citing increased sales and cost controls.
4			computer	business	privacy	technology	company	networking	email			are you sitting comfortably? then let 's spy this priority retains its ranking at number five as more and more companies deploy web services to share business logic, data and processes with each other and with clients.
2			athens	doping	olympic	olympics	sport	football	greece	athlete	cycling			athens waves goodbye after 'dream' games hundreds of thousands of athletes, officials and visitors waved goodbye to athens in a post olympics exodus on monday, leaving city officials to probe a doping scandal that tarnished an otherwise dream games.
1			election	abortion	politics	israel	democracy	terrorism	leadership			exit shinui the moment after shinui achieved its meteoric achievement of 15 knesset seats, the question was: can the party make the transition from a one issue, one election wonder to one of the top two national parties?
2			coaching	baseball	cowboy	espn	sport	football	alabama	texas	dallas			texas downs a , pleas for bcs help texas took care of its fiercest in state rival and ensured at least one more week of bickering about the bowl championship series.
1			election	ukrainian	politics	violence	democracy	voting	russia	religion	ukraine			ukrainians voting in presidential run off ukrainians on sunday cast ballots in a presidential run off pitting a western leaning reformer against the kremlin praised prime minister, a vote many fear will erupt into violence.
4			computer	network	connectivity	ethernet	usb	wireless	networking	phone	linux			palmone wi fi sd card review wireless networking for your zire 72, tungsten t3 or t5
4			cat	game	computer	hardware	mouse	technology	microsoft	windows			microsoft makes nice with mice microsoft quote, chart unveiled nine consumer oriented mice and keyboards, with geek chic touches like bluetooth connectivity and biometrics.
1			politics	election	statistics	result	democracy	china	voting	polling	poll			unprecedented turnout in hong kong vote democracy candidates picked up at least one more seat in parliament, according to exit polls.
4			job	motorola	manufacturing	technology	semiconductor	apple	patent	silicon	intel	industry			motorola trimming 1,000 jobs motorola inc. says it 's cutting about 1,000 jobs, or about 1 percent of its workforce, as it winds up its spinoff of austin based chip company freescale semiconductor inc.
3			business	growth	finance	profit	freedom	competition	money			airline tops estimates on orbitz gains, sees 2005 loss continental airlines on tuesday posted a third quarter loss and said it sees itself losing money in 2005 as well. free! sign up here to receive our weekly roundup e newsletter!
3			brand	business	loyalty	technology	microsoft	marketing	advertising	email			loyalty study lists it 's top household names new research indicates that many household names of the it industry, including dell and microsoft, have been able to capture lasting feelings of customer loyalty.
4			electronics	nano	technology	energy	fusion	atom	silicon	aluminum			nanoparticles for energy, explosions aluminum, the stuff of cans, explodes in its nano form. a small start up has decided to harness that property.
4			america	computer	hacking	game	gaming	china	sport	technology	tech	american			americans win gold at world cyber games amid fanfare fit for actual world class athletes, five americans with really quick fingers took home the gold medal in the popular counter strike competition of the world cyber games championships, capping five days of intense gaming by the world's elite.
4			windows	application	hardware	microsoft	evolution	technology	copyright	security	linux			microsoft sets date for longhorn microsoft has announced that start shipping its next version of its windows operating system in 2006. however to meet the new tight deadline a number of technical innovations will have to be dropped from the os.
4			computer	technology	economics	company	tech	finance	innovation	corporation	industry			stocks rally as oil drops; techs strong u.s. stocks shot higher on thursday as oil prices resumed their retreat, while technology shares sped ahead, helped by microsoft corp. and intel corp.
4			mobility	manufacturing	aviation	technology	defense	energy	transport	transportation	logistics	industry			durable goods fall as aircraft orders off orders for long lasting u.s. durable goods slipped unexpectedly in august as demand for civilian aircraft plunged, but the data beat expectations once transportation was stripped out, government data showed on friday.
2			success	baseball	life	sport	love	football	money			one man 's opinion ucla review it 's hard to believe that, although i am typing this opinion after finishing the regular season 12 0, i am not as ecstatic as i should be .
3			computer	manufacturing	sale	technology	profit	productivity	money	industry			applied materials reports profit in 3q applied materials inc., the world 's largest supplier of machines that make computer chips, tuesday said surging sales in its latest quarter surpassed its own and wall street estimates.
1			politics	israel	religion	terrorism			man linked to n.j. gov. says he's straight the israeli man at the center of new jersey gov. james e...
4			electronics	computer	magic	gaming	music	technology	car			sapphire hybrid x700 pro graphics card review stuck between rock, hard place?
1			politics	america	history	democracy	washington	terrorism			milosevic on trial; reacting to terrorism; a general 's crusade; a ... when one considers the united states cold war preoccupation with containing or destroying socialism over the past 50 years, and washington 's exemplary record at destabilizing communism world wide, it is a mystery that some cannot for a moment imagine
2			cycling	retirement	race	sport	rowing	swimming	competition	racing			pinsent pulls in his oars matthew pinsent hinted yesterday that he may return to duty with the international olympic committee on announcing his retirement from international rowing.
4			ibm	manufacturing	technology	semiconductor	performance	patent	silicon	industry			ibm, amd claim 24 per cent chip speed gains ibm and advanced micro devices amd have jointly developed a new method for implementing strained silicon technology on both positive and negative transistors, the companies are expected to announce today.
2			montreal	baseball	hockey	espn	sport	football	canada	toronto			players feel they have solution toronto sun. they re whistling a new tune in the lockout trenches, not quite the hockey night in canada theme, but more pleasant to the ears than three months of bombast.
4			ibm	network	technology	cisco	networking	patent	availability	email	security			cisco to acquire it management firm cisco systems signed an agreement on thursday to acquire netsolve, which manages information technology systems, for $ 128.7 million in cash.
4			mobile	mobility	technology	broadband	telecommunication	carrier	sprint			sprint to cut 700 jobs, devalue assets sprint plans to accelerate efforts to get business customers to move to wireless and internet services. this strategy plays to our strengths by advancing our broad portfolio of wireline and
4			cable	television	network	technology	internet	networking	tv			analysis: sbc, others pose big challenge to cable to understand why phone industry executives are so excited about their plans to offer tv service, it helps to know about the technology that will make it possible.
4			computer	intelligence	privacy	technology	patent	intel	security	linux			judge rejects amd plea for confidential intel documents a us judge has ruled that advanced micro devices amd is not entitled to trial documents that the company said might help it prove its european commission antitrust complaint against intel.
2			baseball	hockey	violence	sport	football	player	play	money			new hockey league plans to go on a hockey league formed for locked out n.h.l. players denies that it suspended play, saying a statement released with league letterhead was not legitimate.
4			statistics	computer	linux	software	privacy	technology	networking	security	industry			briefly: data center firms settle cookie suit roundup plus: nstor sells off telecoms management unit...nortel lowers expectations...microsoft connects with sap...autodesk updates hobbyist tool.
4			computer	hacking	technology	cisco	copyright	networking	patent	security	linux			uk man held over cisco source code theft police said on monday they have arrested a 20 year old british man on suspicion of stealing cisco systems csco.o: quote, profile, research source code, the basic instructions for the machines that direct internet traffic across the
3			economics	company	stock	growth	finance	profit	corporation	money	earnings	industry			wall street stocks end higher on strong company earnings wall street stocks rose thursday as national semiconductor corp. 's strong earnings results soothed investors worries over higher jobless rate and rising oil prices.
4			electronics	computer	chip	intel	technology	silicon	security	linux			intel says shifting focus of itanium to higher end an effort by intel corp. to sell its itanium 2 chip into high volume, lower end computer servers has not worked, the president of the world's largest chip maker said in an interview published on thursday.
1			election	britain	politics	democracy	speculation	candidate	strategy	blair			february election report played down downing street has played down reports that the prime minister may call an early election in february. most political commentators expect mr blair to seek a new mandate in may 2005 since to go to the polls
2			baseball	basketball	twin	sport	softball			minnesota twins beat white sox 8 2 to clinch third straight ... as torii hunter stood in the middle of the minnesota twins raucous clubhouse, two teammates sneaked up from behind and threw a cooler full of water on him.
2			elvis	sport	music	football	celebrity	fashion			rainy nfl pre game show goes smoothly elton john kept his red top on during the nfl's first on field musical show since part of janet's jackson's black top came off at the super bowl.
3			revenue	technology	company	growth	finance	profit	competition	money	industry			sony ericsson sees profits treble mobile phone maker sony ericsson today reported that it had more than trebled third quarter pre tax profits, but the market leader, nokia, reported a 20 fall.
2			hamilton	baseball	soccer	basketball	sport	football	tennis	tyler			open letter to tyler hamilton presents the second installment of a new feature called open letter. periodically we will identify a sports personality in the news and ask for your comments, written in an open letter form
4			olympic	olympics	sport	technology	innovation			'invisible' technology for olympics getting the technology in place for athens 2004 is an olympic task in itself.
3			job	business	work	workplace	money	employment	industry			us consumer confidence slips for second straight month: job ... job worries helped push consumer confidence down in september for the second consecutive month, the conference board reported tuesday.
1			election	politics	history	clinton	race	kerry	mccain	republican			kerry hints white house run in his future defeated democrat john kerry, who has hinted he may run again for president in 2008, vowed to continue fighting for the issues he campaigned on as his party's presidential candidate.
4			electronics	security	collaboration	intel	technology	nokia	innovation	silicon	phone	linux			nokia, intel join forces on symbian phones intel and nokia will jointly develop smart phones that run on the symbian operating system, the two tech giants said on tuesday, unveiling their first major cooperative effort in cell phones.
4			statistics	privacy	technology	broadband	internet	networking	speed	education			report: fast internet use doubles in u.s. the number of americans using fast internet connections doubled from 2001 through late 2003, still below some expectations and especially low among minority groups and people in rural areas, according to a report by the bush administration.
1			election	politics	democracy	voting	greed	strategy	campaigning	money			campaign ads stay off line, on air with the presidential election just a few weeks away, pressure is mounting on both camps to effectively use the internet to help woo voters but the ad money isn't flowing online.
3			revenue	trend	technology	company	growth	finance	profit	money	earnings			nextel's profit rose by 69 in 3rd quarter nextel communications said earnings and subscriber growth for the full year would exceed initial estimates.
4			network	wireless	technology	internet	broadband	email			sbc offers wi fi service to dsl users for $ 1.99 mo sbc communications inc. said on monday it would offer access to its network of 3,900 public wi fi internet access points to its high speed internet subscribers for $ 1.99 per month.
1			politics	election	violence	democracy	race	corruption	religion	terrorism	apartheid	racism			anc seeks to calm war of words south africa's ruling party tries to soothe the tempers of president thabo mbeki and archbishop desmond tutu.
1			politics	boxing	life	reality	money			antonio tarver 's transcendent dreams by patrick kehoe: world light heavyweight champion antonio tarver may be 35 and yet he 's not about to indulge in limits, conditional options or relativism of any kind.
2			baseball	australia	tennis	soccer	sport	football	softball	woman			australia salvages late draw with u.s. women in soccer australia's matildas salvaged a 1 1 draw against the united states at the athens olympics on tuesday to join the americans in the last eight of the women's soccer tournament.
4			mobile	network	mobility	connectivity	cellular	wireless	technology	telecommunication	carrier			airtel in jv with six cell firms in asia pac airtel has signed an agreement with six cellular operators to form bridge mobile alliance, which will invest $ 30 40 million over three years to build a shared infrastructure in asia pacific for mobile phone technology, report newswires.
4			processor	mobility	chip	hardware	intel	technology	silicon	computing	linux			nforce chipsets for intel based platforms nvidia 's nforce chipset will extend its reach beyond the currently supported platforms of amd 's athlon 64 fx, athlon 64, and sempron processors.
4			computer	hacking	software	technology	microsoft	copyright	piracy	patent	security	linux			microsoft sues firms for software violations the world 's largest computer software manufacturer filed suit tuesday in us district court against a local software retailer it claims is selling and distributing counterfeit software labels.
4			windows	application	model	software	technology	microsoft	modeling	apps			microsoft focuses on apps modeling microsoft on tuesday is looking to extend visual modeling of applications in its visual studio 2005 platform, with an early release of technology to enable developers to author industry specific modeling tools.
1			politics	indonesia	election	history	government	democracy	political	corruption	religion	politician			indonesia 's president swears in new cabinet indonesia 's new president has sworn in his cabinet, a day after his inauguration. but some of the names in the new administration have raised concerns among observers that politics might have won out over practicalities.
2			coaching	overtime	boxing	baseball	basketball	sport	rule	football	charlotte			bobcats earn first victory gerald wallace slid face first off the court after a hard foul, popped back up and looked at the scoreboard. he wasn't seeing things the charlotte bobcats really were on their way to the first win in franchise history.
1			election	politics	war	democracy	peace	bush	iraq			bush election will help middle east peace blair prime minister tony blair told his cabinet today that the re election of president george bush gave a fresh chance to move the middle east peace process forward.
4			mobile	wireless	nokia	technology	nfc	communication	telecommunication	networking	phone			nokia joins nfc fray some german bus commuters should soon try using their mobile phones as electronic wallets when a new trial of the technology called near field communications gets underway.
2			coaching	baseball	statistics	espn	sport	nfl	football	manning	vs	stats			pats kick off season with win the nfl champion new england patriots escape with a season opening victory, keeping their winning streak alive and again frustrating peyton manning.
2			thing	sport	football			chiefs go on the offensive, 56 10 when they arrived sunday at arrowhead stadium, the chiefs had much more modest goals than setting nfl rushing touchdown records. i just thought about wanting to be part
1			politics	election	democrat	putin	democracy	russia	terrorism			lawyer: russia becoming anti democratic a defense lawyer for jailed oil tycoon mikhail khodorkovsky said tuesday anti democratic trends were emerging in russia under president vladimir putin with the aim of quieting political opponents.
2			coaching	baseball	basketball	sport	nfl	football	baltimore	quarterback	dallas			nfl's jamal lewis leaves ravens' victory baltimore ravens running back jamal lewis left in the first quarter of a 30 10 victory over dallas on sunday due to a left ankle injury.
4			processor	mobile	device	java	mobility	nokia	computing	linux			amd adds mobile processor to athlon 64 lineup the new mobile amd athlon 64 processor 3000 operates at 2ghz and is meant for use in thin and lightweight notebook computers. it is the highest performing processor in amd 's family of low power mobile amd
4			computer	linux	collaboration	technology	innovation	networking	ibm	computing	industry			new orion workstation puts cluster in a box a new company thinks it has the answer to the complaints of scientists and engineers looking for high performance computing hpc on the desktop.
1			politics	election	statistics	result	democracy	voting	polling	afghanistan	counting			afghanistan vote count gets go ahead afghanistan 's electoral commission gave the go ahead for counting to begin today in the disputed presidential election after charges of fraudulent multiple voting forced a delay.
3			hotel	relationship	business	management	investing	executive	marketing	finance	corporation	money			when executives speak, hotels listen when corporate guests ask for something, smart hotel managers get it.
1			politics	election	history	democrat	race	veteran	immigration	republican	money	diversity			daschle bids senate democrats goodbye tom daschle bade his fellow senate democrats farewell tuesday with a plea that they seek common ground with republicans yet continue to fight for the less fortunate.
4			network	connectivity	ethernet	broadband	wireless	internet	communication	networking	link			linksys goes dual band on wi fi with its eyes on the future of home entertainment and a relatively uncluttered band of radio spectrum, cisco systems inc.'s linksys division on wednesday unveiled a line of ieee 802.11g a wireless lan products.
3			insurance	business	management	marsh	bankruptcy	money			5 'inside' directors quit marsh board embattled insurance broker marsh mclennan cos. said yesterday that five members of its board of directors all of them executives of the company are leaving the board.
3			business	ceo	company	corporation	money			corporate governance changed to mollify shareholders rupert murdoch 's news corp., in an attempt to mollify australian investors who had expressed concerns about its proposed reincorporation in the united states, late wednesday said its board of directors has outlined a series of
3			taiwan	revenue	business	china	technology	company	profit	industry			taiwan semiconductor reports record profit taiwan semiconductor manufacturing co., the world 's biggest producer of made to order chips, on tuesday reported record net profits in the third quarter, but the company 's chairman predicted leaner times in the fourth quarter and next year.
4			science	genetics	biotechnology	technology	evolution	education	mathematics	research	diversity			uapb gets 2.5m science grant from nsf the national science foundation has awarded a 2.5 million grant to the university of arkansas at pine bluff to steer minority students into the sciences, math and technology.
2			medal	athletics	sport	greece	athlete	swimming	paralympics	paralympic			paralympics: angourakis increases greece's medal haul christos angourakis added his name to greece's list of paralympic medal winners when he claimed a bronze in the t53 shot put competition thursday.
2			coaching	baseball	hockey	basketball	sport	football	vs	win			dedham's victory sweet what a difference four weeks can make. the last time bay state conference field hockey powers walpole and dedham met, walpole sent the marauders packing with their first loss of the season, 5 3. but yesterday it was walpole that was unable to preserve a blemish free loss column, as host dedham prevailed, 2 1.
2			coaching	guy	basketball	sport	recruiting	football	coach	quarterback	byu			bring that guy back brent guy, a former utah state assistant, has been named the 25th head coach of the aggies. guy, who coached the utah state linebackers from 1992 94, has spent the last four seasons
1			politics	god	people	money			he's always being hit on 10 years ago craig newmark started craigslist for a few friends. now the site is one of the web's top portals.
2			baseball	history	college	athletics	sport	football	scheduling	education			today's schedule marist at vermont, 7 p.m.; clemson at boston college, 7:30 p.m.; maine at rhode island, 7:30 p.m.; mount ida at umass boston, 7:30 p.m.; women weber st. at northeastern, 5 p.m.; loyola at maine, 7 p.m.
4			hacking	war	gaming	technology	internet	tech	warfare	terrorism			clash of the tech titans the internet's biggest players are preparing for all out war, adding new weapons to their arsenals in hopes that they can offer the best full suite of digital services to future net users.
4			science	electronics	computer	technology	semiconductor	silicon	crystal			door open for silicon replacement a breakthrough in the way scientists make crystals could lead to a replacement for silicon in chips for devices.
4			ibm	statistics	data	technology	company	patent	research	money	industry			ibm reported to put its pc business up for sale ibm ibm.n: quote, profile, research is reportedly in talks to sell its personal computer business in a deal that could be worth up to $ 2 billion and would cap a
4			science	battery	electricity	technology	hydrogen	energy	fuel	research			crucial step made in hydrogen fuel research us scientists announced they had made a breakthrough in the research of low cost hydrogen fuel. researchers from the us government 's idaho national engineering and environmental
4			mobile	security	network	privacy	technology	competition	phone			vodafone enters 3g battle against hutchison vodafone finally launched its long awaited third generation 3g mobile phone services yesterday, prompting rival 3 to immediately dismiss them as a threat.
3			politics	business	ceo	scandal	company	strategy	research	money			3 top officials leaving citigroup memo three senior citigroup inc. cn: quote, profile, research executives are leaving the company, after being found partially responsible for last month 's forced closure
4			business	network	wireless	broadband	technology	telecommunication	networking			wireless business helps lucent profit lucent technologies inc. , among the world's largest makers of telecommunications equipment, on wednesday said quarterly earnings rose, helped by improvement in its wireless networks business, which makes base stations and other products.
4			processor	computer	chip	microsoft	performance	math	mathematics	intel	computing			microsoft math: dual core licensed as one chip siding with chip makers, microsoft said it won't charge double for its per processor licenses when dual core chips come to market next year.
4			australia	network	resource	technology	company	national	transport	industry			macquarie led consortium acquires uk 's ntl broadcast a macquarie communications infrastructure group mcg led consortium consortium , in which macquarie bank limited mbl has an approximate 13 interest, today announced it has been selected as the successful bidder for the acquisition of national
4			hardware	storage	technology	quantum	performance	patent	security			quantum buys certance for $ 60m tape storage vendor quantum corp. this week announced that it's buying certance llc, a maker of a competing tape drive technology.
4			science	radio	radiation	alien	computer	technology	communication			et: please send mail, don't phone if an extraterrestrial civilization wanted to maximize its chances of being discovered by another civilization, the best bet may not ride on radio waves. rutgers were e.t...
4			linux	evolution	technology	windows			mozilla 's firefox about to be released on market so far dominated ... the future appears rosy for firefox. just two years after its start, and even before reaching version 1.0 now imminent , the little open source browser has already left behind its elder
1			politics	war	democracy	china	nothing	talk	peace	terrorism			n.korea says u.s. rights law makes talks meaningless a law urging more human rights in north korea passed unanimously by the u.s. congress showed nuclear talks were meaningless because america was hell bent on toppling the communist state, the north's foreign ministry said.
4			computer	hacking	hacked	privacy	hacker	technology	terrorism	hack	security			authorities investigate hacking attack at university of california authorities are trying to determine how a hacker gained access to a university of california computer that contained personal information for more than 1 million people, many of them recipients of an assistance program for the elderly.
1			politics	running	voting	choice	winning	strategy	change	choosing			bush vaults from rnc to campaign trail fired up after his convention, president bush raced through three states he lost in 2000, on a drive friday to spur his backers to the polls in november. it's a time for choosing, bush said.
4			electronics	radio	computer	music	technology	griffin			radio takes the big leap forward cbs finally i have a tivo for my radio. well, not quite but it 's close enough. just as tivo does for tv, radioshark from griffin technology griffintechnology.
4			dell	linux	mobility	storage	technology	power	networking	security	server			dell debuts denser blade server dell has announced a dense blade server designed for enterprises with space tight, hard to cool data centres. the poweredge 1855 can pack as many as 10 blade servers in a 7u sized
4			windows	pc	computer	hardware	software	technology	microsoft	apple	linux			edward c. baig bill gates hopes the third time around will be the charm again. in 1990, microsoft unveiled windows 3.0, the first monumentally successful version of the company 's flagship software.
4			computer	manufacturing	technology	solution	innovation	semiconductor	silicon	security	industry			agere adjusts for soft demand facing soft demand from major customers, semiconductor and software specialist agere systems said it will lay off 500 people and close three facilities to cut costs.
1			election	politics	democracy	belarus	russia	candidate	ukraine			belarus referendum backs third term for leader lukashenko ... belarussian president alexander lukashenko, accused in the west of being a tyrant, won overwhelming approval in a referendum to run for a third term in office.
2			coaching	baseball	history	statistics	college	basketball	sport	football			its all there for the taking a win today over boston college gives west virginia no worse than a share of the big east championship and a berth in either the sugar bowl or the fiesta bowl.
4			mobile	mobility	hardware	intel	technology	apple	silicon	linux			amd adds mobile processor to athlon 64 lineup further pitting itself against intel corp. 's pentium m offerings, advanced micro devices inc.
1			politics	election	controversy	history	ba	life	bush	debate			washington post endorses kerry i really like how the washington post cites their endorsement of kerry : experts tell us that most voters have had no difficulty making up their minds in this year's presidential election. half the nation is passionately for george w. bush, the pollsters say, and half passionately for john f. kerry or, at least, passionately against mr. bush. we have not been able to share in this passion, nor in the certainty. as readers of this page know, we find much to criticize in mr. bush's term but also more than a few things to admire. we find much to admire in mr. kerry's life of service, knowledge of the world and positions on a range of issues but also some things that give us pause. on ba ...
1			politics	america	election	family	history	democracy	royalty	europe			british researchers trace john kerry's family back to european royalty london ap senator john kerry has blue blood from all the royal houses of europe, with even more titled relations than president george w. bush, burke's peerage said monday.
4			technology	evolution	automation	robot	robotic			robots compete for your interest robonexus expo, which wrapped up over the weekend in santa clara, california, offered the requisite look at commercial robotics, robot parts and accessories, small market redistributors, and research and experimental robots, but the overall theme and most
3			business	trend	technology	growth	finance	innovation	strategy	patent	research	industry			business news for technology leaders delphi 's global production volumes and commodity price increases are expected to translate to q4 revenue of $ 6.9 $ 7 billion, about $ 200 million below the company 's previously stated expectations.
3			business	acquisition	management	music	record	company	archive	finance	accounting			interwoven scoops up records management company ecm enterprise content management company interwoven on monday announced the acquisition of software intelligence, a maker of records management technology, for $ 2 million in cash and stock.
4			cable	privacy	technology	bandwidth	internet	broadband	telecommunication	education			no, broadband's doing fine, thanks yesterday consumer groups released a study saying broadband policy in the u.s. was failing. here's a counterpoint from the conservative heritage foundation. broadband blog
2			coaching	baseball	team	basketball	sport	football	coach	diversity	rivalry			similarities abound in orange bowl teams it was difficult for southern california's pete carroll and oklahoma's bob stoops to keep from repeating each other when the two coaches met thursday.
2			coaching	baseball	navy	basketball	volleyball	sport	recruiting	defense	football			trying to notch a berth navy already has caught the attention of several bowl game officials and hopes a strong performance against rutgers on saturday will cement its chances of postseason play.
3			trading	technology	company	market	stock	ft	finance	derivatives	money	industry			stocks flat; cisco, pfizer down u.s. stocks were near the unchanged mark on wednesday as results from technology bellwether cisco systems disappointed wall street, while investors await an expected interest rate hike from the federal reserve later in the trading session.
1			politics	election	democracy	germany	unemployment	austria	economics	party			fringe parties see gains in german vote voters in two east german states angry over high unemployment and cuts in social programs handed a rebuke sunday to germany's two biggest parties, giving big gains to far right and former communist groups, projections showed.
4			product	business	network	technology	telecommunication	patent	industry			tresnet ab contracts with 3com 3com corp. today announced an agreement worth approximately $ 1.9 million with privately held tresnet ab, sweden, to supply voice core exchange vcx v7000 ip telephony voice systems and services for an initial
4			computer	dell	chip	networking	intel	technology	hp	silicon	linux			dell ceo says considering amd chips for servers dell inc. , the no. 1 personal computer maker and the best customer of leading computer chip maker intel , is mulling using rival chips from amd , its chief executive said on thursday.
3			statistics	business	data	technology	ft	finance	money			synovis shares tumble as profit, revenue fall shares of synovis life technologies inc. syno.o: quote, profile, research tumbled 13 percent on wednesday after the company reported a drop in quarterly net income and withdrew its annual and fourth quarter outlook, citing ...
3			acquisition	business	technology	communication	networking	competition	merger			new rival for verizon, cingular round two of us wireless industry consolidation is officially under way, with sprint corp. and nextel communications inc.making the much anticipated announcement that they have agreed to a $ 35 billion merger wednesday, dec.
3			china	price	london	company	profit	finance	competition	money	industry			unilever cuts profit forecast and shares tumble london unilever, the world 's largest maker of food and soap products, cut its profit forecast on monday, sending its shares to their lowest level in four years.
4			mobile	network	mobility	technology	nokia	broadband	telecommunication	telephone	phone			mobile phone users double since 2000 worldwide mobile phone subscribers totalled nearly 1.5 billion by the middle of this year about one quarter of the world 's population , according to the international telecommunication union.
4			electronics	battery	computer	movie	cd	music	car	technology			onkyo's dvd changer spins a new tune here's a hands on look at the moderately priced, multiformat dv cp802.
3			brand	product	trend	production	sale	marketing	company	growth	fashion	industry			gucci group unveils sales growth plan luxury goods retailer gucci group nv said tuesday that it plans to increase sales by 10 percent a year by doubling the size of its core brand and turning around unprofitable units.
3			business	ceo	china	economics	tax	growth	finance	profit	money			business council: economic survey wrong chief executives in the united states are not as pessimistic as the business council thought last week when it issued its economic survey, the group said on tuesday, citing a tabulation error.
4			electronics	recycling	computer	battery	car	technology	money			where to dump your dead technology office depot teams with hp to recycle your old electronics gear for free.
2			coaching	politics	baseball	sport	football	money			pats school ravens in sloppy drubbing: stay on roll as defense ... don 't talk to the patriots stats, news about making statements. don 't talk to them about their playoff seeding, winning percentage or schedule down the stretch.
2			baseball	basketball	volleyball	sport	soccer	football	player	tennis	woman			fans fall in love with ariza it is crystal clear there is no single player in blue and orange who fills the garden with more energy than the youngest player on the team.
4			electronics	battery	computer	privacy	technology	innovation	patent	consumer	sony			enter your e mail: sony, in case you hadn 't noticed, has a long history of making really nifty consumer electronics devices. it also has a long history of doing things its own way adopting proprietary technologies and standards
1			election	politics	controversy	democracy	voting	poll	debate	money			americans denied a true presidential debate americans did not see a true presidential debate on september 30, 2004. what they saw was a carefully planned bipartisan press conference in which george w. bush and john kerry, acting through their corporate campaigns, agreed to appear and respond to questions. third party candidates michael badnarik libertarian , david cobb green , ralph nader independent , and michael a. peroutka constitution were not invited to participate, despite having a mathematical possibility of obtaining enough electoral votes to secure the office of president of the united states.
3			politics	manager	ceo	management	marketing	finance	fraud	bankruptcy	money			overseer says fannie mae may be due for shake up federal regulators raised the possibility of a management shake up at fannie mae to clean up its culture and finances.
3			business	investor	trend	investing	technology	company	growth	strategy	money	surprise			small changes, big profits staples inc. hosted a daylong event last week for analysts who follow the company 's stock, laying out plans to keep growing in the immediate future and beyond.
1			election	politics	history	television	result	romania	sport	debate	tv			the last presidential match the televized debate between presidential candidates adrian nastase and traian basescu didn 't have a winner from the very beginning.
3			trading	trend	price	company	market	stock	finance	competition	industry			colgate palmolive, unilever issue warnings colgate palmolive co. and unilever nv warned of profit shortfalls monday, leading an overall decline for stocks in consumer goods makers, who face tougher competition and increased
3			trend	price	sale	marketing	market	christmas	retail	industry			wal mart predicts weak dec. sales as retailers falter sales at us retailers rose less than forecast at the start of the holiday season as federated department stores inc. and limited brands unexpectedly posted november declines.
3			business	ceo	technology	company	growth	patent	industry			marvell posts 54 increase in earnings shares of the marvell technology group gained yesterday after the company said second quarter earnings tripled as revenue rose 54 percent.
3			trade	business	technology	marketing	greed	commerce	finance	bankruptcy	money			commerce one runs out of cash software maker commerce one inc., seen as a poster child for the dot com bust, is down to its last $ 300,000 in operating cash, has laid off most of its staff and expects to file for bankruptcy.
4			electronics	flash	computer	technology	semiconductor	copyright	patent	memory	security			toshiba sues hynix for patent infringement in the latest squabble over patents between japanese and south korean electronics giants, toshiba has sued hynix semiconductor 's japan and us units, alleging patent infringement in flash memory
1			politics	election	history	taiwan	democracy	china	reform	change			reform advocates in china hope for a birthday present the communist party is using the 100th anniversary of deng xiaoping's birthday to emphasize the urgency of overhauling the one party political system.
2			baseball	television	sex	sport	football	scandal	tv			after towel drop, some big league hypocrisy we were led to believe tuesday that the world was shocked and horrified monday night when abc aired an intro for monday night football using a nude nicollette sheridan to entice eagles star terrell owens from playing the game.
4			computer	network	technology	automation	telecommunication	system	networking	security			developing effective network diagnostics network engineers spend many of their working hours just keeping their networks up and running. router solutions, a three person company in mclean, wants to help companies reduce the time their tech departments devote to such routine fixes. the company said it has developed a system operation management platform that monitors what's happening across an entire network, detecting issues when they arise and fixing them with little or no intervention from network engineers.
3			business	trade	price	sale	marketing	stock	commerce	market	export	industry			businesses inventories, july sales up the commerce department said that stocks of unsold goods increased by 0.9 percent in july, down from a 1.1 percent rise in june. sales, meanwhile, rose by 0.6 percent in july three times the 0.2 percent increase registered in the previous month.
3			success	business	technology	company	growth	profit	money			three kings bearing profits there was a trifecta in tech earnings yesterday, with search engine king google inc., software giant microsoft corp. and online shopping leader all posting quarterly profits, a positive sign overall for the technology sector's recovery.
3			income	inflation	revenue	sale	marketing	profit	corporation	competition	money			campbell soup co. profit falls 20 percent campbell soup co. , the world's largest soupmaker, on monday said quarterly net profit fell 20 percent as it increased spending on marketing and took a charge related to job cuts.
4			authentication	hacking	network	privacy	technology	internet	seo	security	industry			aol, rsa, verisign push authentication services responding to a scourge of online fraud and identity theft that threatens to undermine public confidence in internet commerce, major companies are rolling out new services to encourage the adoption of better
4			computer	linux	microsoft	technology	power	hp	security	windows			hp deep sixes itanium workstations hewlett packard co quietly withdrew its itanium based workstation line from marketing on september 1, and spent last friday trying to do damage control with the it press as the word got out.
2			television	sport	football	advertising	tv	commercial	money			will fox's bowl runneth over? the company wants to charge more money for ad time during the super bowl.
4			network	mobility	cellular	technology	ip	telecommunication	patent	carrier	sprint			nortel gets us $ 1b share of new sprint contracts sprint corp., the third largest wireless phone company in the us, doled out us $ 3 billion worth of contracts tuesday to long time suppliers lucent technologies, nortel networks and motorola.
4			mobile	privacy	technology	broadband	internet	telecommunication	networking	phone			ntt docomo, mm02 sign deal japan 's top cell phone operator ntt docomo inc. and major british mobile carrier mm02 plc reached an agreement that will allow mobile telephone users in britain, germany, and ireland to surf the internet on the handsets, docomo said tuesday.
1			election	america	president	politics	democracy	race	debate			just 3 of 18 candidates for president attend debate it was not exactly riveting: three candidates and the representatives of 12 others sat at a horseshoe shaped table yesterday droning
4			electronics	chip	intel	technology	apple	semiconductor	silicon	computing			apple to use toshiba chip next year toshiba corp, japan 's second largest chipmaker, has agreed to start selling a type of semiconductor known as flash memory to apple computer inc, maker of the best selling ipod digital music player.
4			science	electronics	nano	computer	genetics	biotechnology	technology	evolution	chemistry	physics			the incredible shrinking man k. eric drexler was the godfather of nanotechnology. but the mit prodigy who dreamed up molecular machines was shoved aside by big science and now he's an industry outcast. by ed regis from wired magazine.
3			vegas	hotel	travel	business	revenue	vacation	tourism	profit	money			update 1: orbitz profit soars on revenue surge orbitz inc., the internet travel agency that is being bought by cendant corp., wednesday posted a 30 percent jump in third quarter profit, aided by a surge in hotel business.
4			mobile	electronics	battery	computer	chip	cellular	technology	telecommunication	silicon			ti profit up on cellular, tv chip sales texas instruments inc. , the largest maker of chips for cellular phones, on monday said quarterly profit rose about 26 percent on demand from handset makers even as it struggles with a nagging inventory problem.
2			baseball	basketball	soccer	sport	football	competition	money	pride	color			u.s. men salvage some pride with basketball bronze it is not the color they bargained on, but the u.s. men's basketball team were happy on saturday to take any medal they could get their hands on.
3			revenue	business	efficiency	technology	growth	finance	profit	money			first profit since 2000 for lucent lucent technologies inc, the nation 's leading telecommunications equipment maker, recorded its first annual profit since 2000, fueled by rapid growth in its wireless telephone division, the company announced yesterday.
4			mobile	technology	telecom	nokia	telecommunication	industry			rtx provides cordless phones for net based calls danish electronics equipment maker rtx telecom quote, profile, research said on monday it had signed an agreement with skype, a provider of internet based voice telephony, to develop and market cordless handsets.
4			mobile	device	microsoft	technology	smartphone	nokia	ios	phone			nokia woos operators with preminet nokia has unveiled a system for hosting, delivering and charging for entertainment and application content for mobile phones, called preminet.
3			income	rating	business	revenue	growth	profit	competition	money			echostar posts profit, adds subscribers echostar communications corp. dish.o: quote, profile, research on tuesday said third quarter profit rose on an aggressive campaign to add more new subscribers.
3			business	ceo	money	company	restructuring	bankruptcy	competition	friday	canada			update 2 citigroup hits back at parmalat with court move citigroup cn: quote, profile, research on friday launched a legal challenge against parmalat 's restructuring plan, hitting back after the bankrupt food group
1			election	america	politics	democrat	democracy	reform	washington	freedom			activists worry election reform may wane sure, there were hours long lines, temperamental electronic machines and some old fashioned misplaced ballots, but america's democracy worked well enough on nov. 2 to elect a president.
4			computer	pc	privacy	technology	power	innovation	pcs	computing	linux			start up offers low power 'personal supercomputers' lower electrical power consumption, not just greater data processing oomph, will help a new class of desktop supercomputers unveiled on monday turn conventional industry logic on its head, its designers say.
4			windows	computer	desktop	connectivity	microsoft	technology	pcs	gateway	linux			compusa agrees to sell gateway pcs desktop systems will be available in 226 stores across the u.s.
4			electronics	mobility	technology	samsung	google	color			world 's first 3d cell display developed samsung, the world 's leading display maker, said on wednesday that it has developed the first all angle three dimensional 3d display panels for cellphones.
3			business	manufacturing	aviation	technology	economics	company	finance	research	industry			northern light announces business research engine northern light announces business research engine
3			trading	price	sale	marketing	market	finance	fraud	pricing	competition	money			citigroup gets record fine for fund sales the nasd on monday said it fined citigroup global markets inc. $ 250,000 for distributing inappropriate hedge fund sales literature, in the regulator's largest fine involving hedge fund sales by broker dealers.
4			windows	computer	graphic	desktop	technology	computing	linux			imac g5 debuts as world's thinnest desktop with a belief that less is more, apple nasdaq: aapl has taken the wraps off its imac g5, featuring a new design that integrates the entire computer into the flat panel display.
1			politics	election	race	strategy	ethics	money	diversity	leadership			jockeying for top senate job under way democrat or republican, whether for this fall or 2006, it's never too early to jockey for position in the senate, especially if party leadership might be the prize.
3			organization	application	business	technology	company	ibm	industry			eftia joins ibms partnerworld industry networks for isvs ottawa, canada prweb october 13, 2004 eftia, a global provider of operations management software solutions designed to meet the business automation needs of service providers and large enterprises today announced that they have joined ibms
4			virus	computer	hacking	privacy	technology	encryption	microsoft	fraud	security			microsoft enters anti spyware fray computer users already associate microsoft corp. software with spyware and viruses. but the company hopes to someday be better known for eradicating them, not attracting them.
2			politics	coaching	baseball	espn	basketball	sport	recruiting	football	washington			reports: notre dame negotiates with weis notre dame is negotiating with new england patriots offensive coordinator charlie weis to become its new head coach, the chicago tribune and two other newspapers reported saturday.
1			politics	america	election	democracy	voting	privacy	censorship	freedom	money			limited bush web access drives away us voters abroad less than one week before the us presidential election, incumbent george w. bush is denying access to potential voters who access his campaign website from foreign locations.
1			election	politics	australia	government	race	unemployment	immigration	party	money			latham shrugs off poll result opposition leader mark latham shrugged off the results of a new poll which showed the coalition would have easily won an election this weekend.
3			business	revenue	technology	microsoft	cisco	performance	profit			cisco q1 revenue up slightly cisco yesterday reported net revenue of $ 6 billion for its first quarter, a slight uptick compared with the previous quarter but 17.1 more than in the year ago quarter.
4			computer	game	gaming	technology	copyright	strategy	security	linux			players prepare for half life 2 gamers are getting their hands on encrypted copies of the eagerly awaited half life 2 game.
4			computer	chip	hardware	intel	storage	technology	silicon	linux			intel's montecito now expected in 2006 montecito, the first dual core chip based on intels itanium 2 architecture, will not begin shipping in volume until 2006, company executives said last week.
4			mobile	trend	sale	technology	growth	industry			mobile phone sales grow strongly global mobile phone sales grew 35 to over 150 million in the second quarter, say industry analysts gartner.
4			statistics	data	manufacturing	trend	technology	performance	growth	japan	industry			global chip gear sales seen down 5.15 pct in 2005 global chip equipment sales are expected to fall 5.15 percent in 2005, an industry group said on wednesday in a sharp reversal from its july forecast of growth of 23.98 percent.
3			computer	business	technology	greed	bankruptcy	ibm	money	security			ibm to put its pc business up for sale ibm is looking to sell its personal computer business in a deal that could be worth up to $ 2 billion, the new york times reported on friday, capping a gradual withdrawal from the business it pioneered.
4			network	privacy	technology	broadband	internet	telecommunication			voip picks up momentum the number of u.s. internet telephony subscribers is expected to surge to 1 million by the end of 2004.
4			pc	application	computer	linux	software	technology	microsoft	windows			open source software goes to work pc world: businesses don 't have to dump windows to test drive free or low price applications whose use may improve the bottom line.
3			computer	acquisition	ceo	order	business	technology	growth	profit	money			ge earnings increase 11 general electric co.s third quarter earnings rose 11 percent,and revenue jumped 15 percent as a rebounding economy and acquisitions drove a sharp increase in orders, the company said friday.
2			baseball	espn	basketball	sport	music	football	entertainment	event			and1 mix tape tour hop steps into mci tonight the and 1 mix tape tour, whose emphasis on dunks over defense and trash talk over chalk talk has vaulted and1 from being a niche clothing line to a major athletic apparel manufacturer, culminates tonight at mci center. attendance for the tour is up 30 percent this year, averaging about 7,000 spectators per game. about 10,000 are expected at tonight's event, which begins at 7:30.
4			windows	hacking	software	privacy	technology	vulnerability	microsoft	security	linux			sp2 vs. the plug ins while security experts applaud microsoft 's recently released service pack 2, some companies that distribute their software over the web are watching the product 's introduction with dread and suspicion.
4			computer	hardware	technology	performance	innovation	hp	intel	computing	linux			intel fleshes out itanium 2 line with high performance, lower ... intel is shipping six new processors aimed at filling out its burgeoning itanium 2 server cpu lineup. but, more than that, intel hopes that the new cpus will provide it with traction
1			election	politics	war	democracy	corruption	iraq	terrorism			yawer demands help from un for elections interim president ghazi al yawer demanded more help from the united nations ahead of the country's jan. 30 elections, saying yesterday that poor security was no excuse for the world body to stay away.
3			business	trend	revenue	technology	growth	profit	finance	analytics	money	industry			update 2 check point software q3 profit up, sees more growth check point software technologies inc. chkp.o: quote, profile, research reported a rise in third quarter net profit that beat wall street estimates on strong
4			computer	device	connectivity	ethernet	usb	storage	networking	memory	security			who's afraid of portable storage media? advancedforce ceo vladimir chernavsky says the latest row about usb ports is part of a bigger debate about how best to manage access to external memory.
4			electronics	lcd	graphic	technology	display	samsung	color			samsung unveils new display technologies samsung electronics co., ltd. has developed a new lcd liquid crystal display technology that builds a touch screen into the display, a development that could lead to thinner
1			politics	election	democracy	germany	religion	communist	terrorism			neo nazis and communists on the rise in germany the dramatic surge in support for a neo nazi party and reformed communists in weekend state polls marks a voter drift to the extreme political fringes, an ominous trend just two weeks
2			college	sport	race	football	money			grover 's making name with mane a huge mass of unruly brown locks perched upon his head that forced him to go up a helmet size or purdue 's 4 0 start that has gotten him a little notoriety on campus.
4			network	ethernet	hardware	technology	ip	cisco	networking	security	linux			cisco in 74m network security deal the networking gear maker buys privately held network security software developer perfigo.
4			cyber	technology	vulnerability	strategy	terrorism	security			dhs moves ahead with cybersecurity r d efforts the department of homeland security has launched several new cybersecurity initiatives that it hopes to add to pilot projects and operational systems and that can be deployed throughout the government and the private sector.
4			electronics	computer	engineering	manufacturing	chip	technology	tech	innovation	silicon	industry			applied materials profit up applied materials inc. , the largest producer of chip making equipment, on wednesday said demand for advanced manufacturing tools pushed quarterly profit and sales higher, but warned that chip oversupply would lead to lower orders and sales in the current quarter.
2			luck	baseball	statistics	basketball	sport	recruiting	football	math			smith won 't tolerate finger pointing among teammates at first glance, it seems like an odd approach. upon closer inspection, however, michigan state may not have any other choice. the spartans will use their disappointing 1 2
2			australia	basketball	volleyball	sport	football	swimming	softball	tennis			beach volleyball: australia in with a shout to prepare for the olympics, kerri pottharst practiced serving with her team mate screaming in her ear.
3			business	technology	marketing	finance	pricing	patent	security	industry			qualcomm 's crystal ball gets hazy wireless technology kingpin qualcomm nasdaq: qcom issued revised guidance today, slightly increasing its expected fourth quarter revenue and earnings along with full fiscal year financials.
2			coaching	baseball	statistics	reed	college	basketball	sport	recruiting	football			college basketball: reed 's 23 leads wmu to 5 2 ben reed scored 23 points and grabbed 10 rebounds as western michigan beat the college of charleston, 69 56, on sunday.
4			network	vs	security	technology			red hat spending $ 23 million for ex netscape security solutions ... red hat to incorporate netscape directory server and netscape certificate management system into products to help customers integrate desktops with a networkwide set of computing services.
3			application	business	ceo	software	microsoft	strategy	productivity	security	windows			microsoft's mom goes out the door software giant takes big step toward october release of microsoft operations manager 2005.
3			america	insurance	housing	business	fraud	corporation	money	industry			fed audit rules cost firms cash and time champion enterprises inc. produces and sells manufactured homes across the nation. it is no enron corp. but because of the infamous energy company and other corporate wrongdoers that spawned the sarbanes oxley
3			taxation	business	tax	company	finance	corporate	bankruptcy	corporation			house approves corporate tax cuts the us house has approved a $ 136 billion corporate tax cut package, but the measure faces hurdles to passage in the senate. the overall bill is aimed at repealing a corporate
4			electronics	computer	device	mobility	india	technology	internet	linux			amd rolls out low cost net access device in india u.s. chip maker advanced micro devices has unveiled a low cost internet access device that could cost just a few hundred dollars, aimed at first time technology users in the developing world.
2			baseball	game	doping	olympics	athletics	sport	coincidence	event			games cross finish with bizarre twis among the things that have occurred frequently at the 2004 olympics: weird happenings, and success by american athletes. in the final event of the games last night, both were in evidence.
2			coaching	baseball	magic	retirement	basketball	sport	football	player	washington	wizards			wizards get a break with several players suffering from minor injuries, wizards coach eddie jordan decides to give the team a day off on friday.
3			company	stock	loss	profit	finance	bankruptcy	corporation	money	industry			raytheon posts third quarter net profit raytheon co. reported a third quarter net profit on thursday after a loss in the year ago quarter.
1			politics	war	democracy	violence	peace	warfare	conflict	terrorism	spain			basque separatists fail to renounce violence the spanish government rejected out of hand a new peace proposal made sunday by basque separatists because it did not renounce violence, reports the scotsman.
1			election	politics	voting	race	poll	romney	candidate	republican			ill. congressman's son to be on ballot democratic party officials picked u.s. rep. william lipinski's son tuesday to replace his father on the november ballot, a decision engineered by lipinski after he announced his retirement and withdrew from the race four days earlier.
4			science	nano	genetics	biotechnology	technology	innovation	patent	research	cancer	physics			nanotech funding to grow to $ 8.6 billion spending on research will more than double this year, with a growing amount coming from the private sector.
3			business	ceo	sale	amazon	finance	productivity	accounting	sap	industry			sap reports 15 percent rise in 3q profit sap ag, the german business management software maker, reported a 15 percent jump in third quarter net profit thursday, citing increased sales across the globe.
4			electronics	dell	computer	linux	device	usb	technology	patent	reliability			some dell ac adapters recalled although seven adapters have overheated, no injuries or deaths have been reported. the adapters where shipped with latitude, precision and inspiron laptops sold through dell 's web site and customer
4			developer	application	linux	java	software	technology	microsoft	windows			open source software goes to work businesses don't have to dump windows to test drive free or low price applications whose use may improve the bottom line.
4			electronics	computer	linux	chip	intel	technology	apple	silicon	industry			intel cancels plan to enter digital tv chip market intel corp. on thursday said it has canceled its plan to enter the digital television chip business, marking a major retreat from an initiative that was intended to broaden the computer chip maker's market focus.
4			ibm	computer	statistics	technology	copyright	patent	speed	industry			ibm says blue gene breaks speed record ibm corp. claimed unofficial bragging rights tuesday as owner of the world's fastest supercomputer...
4			electronics	computer	technology	automation	machine	robot	robotic			u.n.: robot use to surge sevenfold by 2007 the use of robots around the home to mow lawns, vacuum floors and manage other chores is set to surge sevenfold by 2007 as more consumers snap up smart machines, the united nations said.
4			network	connectivity	ethernet	technology	wireless	networking	intel	linux			intel seen readying new wi fi chips in a briefing later this week, intel is expected to announce the availability of a tri mode wi fi chip that supports the 802.11b wireless standard and its speedier cousin, 802.11g as well as the less used 802.11a.
4			computer	graphic	chip	hardware	technology	card	performance	design	color			s3 readying gammachrome graphics chips digitimes said that s3 design wins mean that cards using its gammachrome 3d graphics accelerator will start to be sold during the fourth quarter.
3			ibm	business	technology	microsoft	company	oracle	patent	industry			oracle in merger talks with other firms oracle corp. is in merger talks with other technology companies as it awaits the outcome of its 9.2 billion hostile takeover bid for rival software maker peoplesoft inc.
2			baseball	espn	basketball	conference	sport	athletics	recruiting	football	scheduling	division			big east to be one 16 team division in 2005 06 the big east basketball conference will merge into one 16 team division in 2005 20006, but only 12 schools will participate in the post season basketball tournament.
3			life	business	economics	finance	time	money	boring			finance: back to savings bonds in personal finance, boring is not bad. sometimes boring is good.
1			politics	nigeria	election	violence	condition	strike			as nationwide strike begins today... president of the nigeria labour congress, adams oshiomhole, yesterday made his first public appearance after his arrest on saturday by men of the state security service sss and vowed that today 's nationwide strike would continue as scheduled.
1			politics	election	controversy	democrat	congress	democracy	bush	terrorism	republican	money			gop congressmen defiant on intel bill defying president bush, reps. duncan hunter and james sensenbrenner who led opposition dooming legislation based on the sept. 11 commission's recommendations said they won't change their minds without senate concessions.
4			computer	mac	hardware	technology	evolution	apple	ibm	computing	linux			system x faster, but falls behind virginia tech 's recently rebuilt mac supercomputer has squeezed out a few more teraflops, but it probably won 't be able to keep its top five world ranking.
3			ceo	transparency	shareholder	company	finance	corporation	accounting	money			ca execs can keep bonuses for now computer associates international shareholders on wednesday struck down a proposal to recoup money paid out to executives during a long running accounting scandal.
1			election	politics	australia	candidate	canada	labor			factbox how the australian election process works australia will go to the polls on october 9, prime minister john howard has announced. prime minister john howard 's conservative government, which was elected in 1996, is seeking a fourth
2			diabetes	doping	olympic	olympics	sport	athlete	drug	cycling			olympics great success after hgh testing, wada says sport's top anti doping official hailed the 2004 olympics as a great success friday and revealed that one in 10 drugs samples taken in athens had been tested for human growth hormone hgh .
3			revenue	growth	profit	finance	risk	competition	money			cingular raises profit outlook cingular wireless, the largest u.s. wireless phone company, said wednesday it expects to report a profit and positive cash flow in 2005, one year earlier than planned, following its $ 41 billion purchase of at&t wireless services inc.
2			game	olympic	olympics	athletics	sport	greece	athlete	swimming	event			an olympic selection of search resources the 2004 summer olympics are underway in athens and the web is home to plenty of information that makes watching the games even more interesting.
4			television	privacy	technology	digital	tech	tv	hd			personal tech: hdtv fast forward columnist rob pegoraro will be online to talk about the washington post's special report on digital television.
4			manufacturing	china	technology	automation	plant	growth	consolidation	industry			waltham jobs moving to billerica general electric co.'s sensing business is setting up its world headquarters in billerica, as it consolidates three area plants into one.
4			electronics	motor	battery	manufacturing	mobility	technology	sensor	propulsion	robot			johnson electric acquires majority stake in nanomotion china based johnson electric announced that it has acquired 51 of israeli start up nanomotion for $ 20 million in cash. nanomotion develops and manufactures motors with the ability to achieve precise positioning
4			science	genetics	biology	biotechnology	technology	evolution	innovation	cancer	gene			bioinformatics award winners meet five people whose breakthroughs make the progress of science real. chosen from hundreds of applicants to apple 's bioinformatics award program, they are shaping our health and our world through their research in biotechnology and the help of apple 's workgroup cluster for bioinformatics. sep 2
4			electricity	network	technology	broadband	internet	telecommunication	education			broadband rules the internet broadband across america broadband has finally superseded dialup connections to the internet, according to the latest measurements by nielsen netratings. nielsen reports broadband is used by 63 million users, or 51 percent of the ...
4			electronics	computer	linux	privacy	technology	innovation	hp	patent	pcs	industry			hp launches latest push into consumer markets hewlett packard co. on friday unveiled a range of products including its version of the ipod digital music player that raises the stakes in a war between pc and electronics makers for a spot in increasingly digitized living rooms.
2			baseball	hockey	basketball	sport	goaltender	defense	scoring	football	canada			unh squelches merrimack junior defenseman jacob micflikier scored a pair of goals and preston callander had three assists as the university of new hampshire men's team handed merrimack a 4 1 hockey east loss last night in north andover.
2			game	gaming	sport	technology	marketing	christmas			vodafone calling with fun and games vodafone finally took the wraps off its 3g services yesterday, just in time for christmas. it vowed to attract 10 million customers across 12 european countries and japan to the new technology with a mixture
4			computer	car	technology	power	machine	pcs	speed	computing	linux			pci express will please serious power junkies computer shoppers who want and can afford the fastest machines face a dilemma as they decide just how to spend all that cash. desktop pcs using the new pci express design a faster way
2			mlb	baseball	statistics	television	espn	sport	football	pitching	tv			tompkins: best, worst in tv baseball manifest as sox, yanks duel the 14 inning playoff game between and yankees and the red sox monday was baseball 's version of the longest day, and it illustrated some of the best and worst in televised baseball.
1			politics	election	inflation	government	taxation	corruption	spending	tax	finance	money			government 'must reduce spending' whatever party wins the next general election will have to either cut spending or raise taxes, says the cbi, which wants the former.
1			election	politics	democrat	republican	money	diversity			democrat wants high court nominee list president bush should consult with democrats on supreme court nominees to ensure a smooth path to senate confirmation, incoming senate minority leader harry reid of nevada said sunday.
2			olympic	olympics	soccer	athletics	sport	football	stadium	architecture			designers unveil plan for olympic park london 2012 has revealed a glimpse of its ambitious plans for the next but one summer olympics. the spectacular main stadium, designed by spanish architect alejandro zaero pollo of the practice foreign office
4			privacy	technology	tech	risk	security			daniel egger voted 2004 agenda setter for role in advancing ... open source risk management osrm , the only vendor neutral provider of open source risk mitigation and warranty solutions, today announced that osrm founder and chairman daniel egger was designated one of the 50 most influential individuals in tech
2			coaching	utah	statistics	espn	basketball	sport	recruiting	football	byu			ncaa game summary utah at new mexico alex smith passed for 167 yards and ran for a pair of touchdowns, leading no. 14 utah to a 28 7 victory over new mexico in a mountain west conference matchup.
1			politics	job	president	election	government	democracy	tax	money	politician			president? forget it. who should win the corner office? ook at it this way: workers pay taxes, taxes finance government, and the president heads the government. so, like it or not, you are working for the president for part of each day.
4			technology	copyright	invention	innovation	ethics	patent	research	idea			does the patent system need an overhaul? two professors argue that seemingly innocuous reforms have caused a shift away from encouraging innovation in favor of exploiting patents largely for lawsuits.
2			politics	boxing	baseball	olympics	soccer	basketball	sport	race	football	athlete			new york launches final 2012 olympics bid bob beamon, 1968 olympic long jump gold medalist, is cheered on by a stream of children as he runs over the brooklyn bridge carrying new york 's final bid for the 2012 olympics, thursday, nov. 11, 2004 in new york.
4			network	connectivity	ethernet	mobility	broadband	wireless	technology	bandwidth	networking			future features include multicasting and triple the bandwidth the bluetooth special interest group sig today is releasing a three year road map for bluetooth short range wireless technology that includes a tripling of bandwidth and the ability to multicast signals to seven other
4			computer	privacy	technology	internet	information	innovation	networking	computing			smart web to usher in host of new services gartner a smarter internet and a host of cheap, web enabled mobile devices will allow users to access a whole range of services on the move, research group gartner dataquest said on sunday, ahead of its itxpo symposium.
1			election	politics	inflation	democracy	mr	iran	russia	politician			hungary 's ruling socialist party names 2 candidates for pm hungary 's ruling socialist party named peter kiss and ferenc gyurcsany as candidates for prime minister on saturday, two days after the party accepted the resignation of prime minister peter medgyessy.
4			australia	business	biotechnology	technology	innovation	industry			a global platform built with local materials creating a global company based on australian technology and research. moreover he did it under the noses
4			electronics	computer	chip	hardware	intel	technology	apple	silicon	linux			intel readies centrino style push for desktops intel corp. will unveil next year a bundle of chips designed for home entertainment computers, and support the move with a branding campaign modeled on the successful launch of its centrino chips for notebook computers, a person briefed on the matter said.
2			baseball	hockey	sport	football	cancer	money	canada			table hockey is too limited of all the great things about being a hockey fan, reading stories about nhl management labor strife is not one of them. but, rest assured, there is worse. to wit: reporting and writing stories about nhl management labor strife you can send notes of sympathy to the e mail posted at the bottom of this report .
4			radio	television	network	technology	broadband	telecommunication	tv			centurytel to offer echostar service centurytel inc. will offer echostar communications corp. satellite television service to its customers in 22 states, the rural telephone company said on thursday.
4			computer	linux	manufacturing	technology	networking	ibm	security	server			ibm opens up design of its blade servers international business machines corp. said it is making the design of its blade computer servers widely available, in a move designed to gain wider acceptability in data centers and the telecommunications industry.
3			job	news	business	work	people	profit	freedom	money			probe hurts stock price, 3,000 job cuts announced the other shoe dropped tuesday for about 3,000 workers at embattled marsh mclennan. free! sign up here to receive our internet daily e newsletter!
4			mobile	device	java	mobility	technology	smartphone	nokia	linux			amd announces mobile sempron 3000 advanced micro devices amd expanded its mobile sempron processor family with a higher performing model and integrated evp anti virus technology.
4			windows	computer	software	privacy	microsoft	technology	phone	linux			palmsource to unveil smart phone os an operating system for smart phones might make up for a rough quarter and microsoft nipping at its heels.
3			business	investing	technology	tech	stock	growth	strategy	finance	money			emc holds its breath with just six business days remaining in the current calendar quarter, it's easy to spot the investors holding lots of technology stocks. they're the ones holding their breath.
4			privacy	technology	economics	copyright	innovation	patent	industry			future of eu patent legislation in doubt the future of controversial european union legislation that would allow for some software patents was in doubt thursday after the polish government switched sides, saying the directive could hurt small and medium sized businesses.
3			ceo	company	finance	profit	advertising	corporation	money	earnings	media			media company plans to expense employee stock options the new york times on thursday lowered its fourth quarter earnings outlook on softer than expected advertising revenue and set plans to expense employee stock options.
4			computer	intelligence	terrorist	technology	gps	strategy	terrorism	security			bush prepares for possible gps shutdown president bush has ordered plans for temporarily disabling the u.s. network of global positioning satellites during a national crisis to prevent terrorists from using the navigational technology, the white house said wednesday.
2			baseball	sport	football	something	everything	money			miserable conditions, another happy ending does everyone in these here parts truly appreciate what's going on here? i mean, if football is your game, do you understand that you have hit the lottery? stop worrying about whether the patriots will win a third super bowl on the evening of feb. 6, 2005. there are too many variables involved to start worrying about that...
1			politics	sex	money			sorry charles, shawn green is a role model charles barkley will always be remembered for his infamous television commercial, in which he defiantly proclaimed: i am not a role model.
4			electronics	connectivity	ethernet	usb	technology	wireless	networking	intel			intel's centrino connects with all wi fi standards new component will help next generation of intel's wireless chip reach full audience for wi fi.
3			job	trade	business	sale	management	marketing	profit	money			expo center lays off half of sales staff half of the sales staff at the bayside expo executive conference center, a private meeting hall on the dorchester waterfront, got pink slips last week, leaving the center with just two employees in charge of generating business.
4			application	privacy	discovery	technology	evolution	networking	availability			veritas advances server provisioning, automates discovery ... november 1, 2004 eritas software corporation nasdaq: vrts , today extended the capabilities of veritas opforce distributed server provisioning software to include software application discovery and configuration.
2			ticket	movie	espn	disney	sport	admission	entertainment			disney world increases daily ticket prices; offers other options walt disney world, revamping its admissions policy for the first time in at least two decades, is dramatically restructuring its ticket pricing structure by offering lower prices for longer stays and other options.
4			security	network	privacy	technology	networking	patent	surveillance	industry			citrix to acquire ssl vpn startup the company on tuesday announced that it 's acquiring privately held security equipment maker net6 for $ 50 million in cash. the acquisition, which is expected to close in the fourth quarter of 2004, will thrust
1			politics	violence	war	iran	iraq	conflict			talks to end fighting in baghdad stall on disagreement over ... talks to end bitter fighting between us forces and shiite militants in the baghdad slum of sadr city have stalled, with the government refusing
2			baseball	college	basketball	sport	golf	football	cooking	home	tennis			ephs are on mark talk about home cookin'. hosting its annual men's basketball invitational tournament this weekend, williams college rolled to a record tying victory last night.
3			trend	technology	economics	company	growth	innovation	dow	research	competition	industry			techs open down, applied materials weighs u.s. technology stocks opened lower on thursday after a sales warning from applied materials inc. , while weekly jobless claims data met wall street's expectations, leaving the dow and s p 500 market measures little changed.
4			electronics	computer	manufacturing	chip	intel	technology	innovation	semiconductor	silicon	industry			intel delays delivery of chip for projection tvs report intel corp said it is delaying the delivery of its first chip for projection television sets, while rival advanced micro devices inc is moving on schedule to an advanced manufacturing process, the wall street journal reported.
2			baseball	history	team	basketball	saint	sport	nfl	nfc	football			saints rally to beat 49ers, 30 27 the new orleans saints survived it all: hurricane ivan, the loss of deuce mcallister, and the san francisco 49ers.
3			business	trend	sale	clothing	marketing	fashion	retail	industry			kohl's profit up on new clothing brands kohl's corp. on thursday posted a 19 percent rise in its third quarter profit, as the department store retailer took fewer markdowns and rolled out new clothing brands.
3			rating	statistics	business	credit	finance	money			starting wednesday, hawaii by getting free copies of their. by dave segal. when it comes to credit reports, wendy burkholder has seen it all from customers who visit her at consumer credit counseling service of hawaii.
1			politics	election	australia	democracy	polling	race	bush	iraq	candidate			issues related to war in iraq help define election in australia on one side is the incumbent, a conservative career politician who steadfastly defends his decision to send troops to iraq.
4			acquisition	network	technology	internet	telecommunication	finance	competition			buying back t online deutsche telekom, the largest european phone company, has offered to buy out investors in t online international, its internet division, for about e3 billion, aiming to revive growth at its fixed line business.
1			election	politics	australia	democracy	speculation	polling	race	bush	candidate			tough campaign ahead for bush 's australian ally ending months of speculation, australian prime minister john howard has called an election for october 9, when he will become the first of the three
4			wired	ethernet	technology	wireless	bandwidth	broadband	networking	intel			intel buys growth intel nasdaq: intc is beating the wireless drum. its decision this week to throw $ 150 million at wireless service venture clearwire shows that intel is serious about broadband wireless.
2			coaching	baseball	michael	hockey	safety	minnesota	basketball	sport	football			olowokandi still out minnesota decides to suspend michael olowokandi for a second game after his arrest early thursday morning for disorderly conduct.
4			electronics	computer	itunes	ipod	music	technology	apple			apple 's nifty and expensive ipod photo isn 't for everyone that 's the big question regarding apple 's new ipod photo, and my answer is yes to both. yes, icing on the cake, because the ipod photo takes what is the best portable digital music player
3			job	employee	manufacturing	sale	unemployment	company	productivity	labor	employment	industry			visteon offers worker buyouts blaming shrinking sales to key automotive customers, visteon corp. told its 8,300 white collar workers thursday that it plans to offer buyouts to a significant number of employees by the end of the year.
1			politics	controversy	bridge	criticism	conflict	debate	competition			a bridge suspended in controversy in the history of ambitious bridge projects, doubt and the controversy that stems from it tends to make regular appearances.
4			computer	privacy	technology	something	people	google			unusual search engines unusual search engines unless you've been living under a rock, you know of the major search engines like google or yahoo. but did you know that there are many other smaller or niche search engines out there that can offer you unique help? let's take a look at some of ...
3			tobacco	business	sale	company	smoking	profit	competition			c c survives smoking ban food and drinks firm c c group today said profits had risen 6 despite bad weather and the public smoking ban. c c, formerly known as cantrell cochrane, said operating profits had increased to 64.
1			politics	election	democrat	mr	corruption	delay	republican	murder			delay supporters move to protect his spot supporters of house majority leader tom delay proposed a republican rules change tuesday that would protect the texan's leadership position if he were to be indicted by a texas grand jury that already charged three of his associates.
4			manufacturing	chip	intel	technology	aging	semiconductor	memory	silicon			intel announces milestone in shrinking chips contradicting fears that the semiconductor industrys pace of development is slowing, intel corp. announced it has achieved a milestone in shrinking the size of
4			motorola	investor	mobility	technology	patent	intel	industry			motorola finalizes freescale split the schaumburg, ill., tech giant set final plans in a securities and exchange commission filing monday to distribute to shareholders its remaining stake in the austin, texas, chip company.
4			dell	computer	linux	networking	technology	storage	power	performance	hp	server			dell unveils compact blade servers three years after introducing its first blade server, dell inc. on monday rolled out the next generation of the dense form factor, promising greater density and price performance than what competitors are offering.
4			sync	timing	detail	ethernet	collaboration	standard	technology	networking	security			tgn sync coalition outlines proposal for 802.11n tgn sync, a coalition of more than a dozen vendors, will submit a joint proposal to the ieee 802.11 task group n tgn for the next generation 802.11n standard.
4			electronics	battery	computer	technology	nokia	gun	phone	number			nokia shrinks 'brick' handset to tap new markets nokia, the world's biggest handset maker, unveiled on wednesday a miniature version of its equivalent of the swiss army knife it hopes will lure women and less techie business people.
3			business	technology	company	internet	ibm	email	industry			ibm plans web meeting service; takes aim at webex ibm plans to offer web conferencing as a hosted internet service, seeking to reach small and medium sized business customers while taking on more established rivals in the market, the company said on tuesday.
4			computer	network	technology	internet	machine	computing	linux			spain takes a lead in computers madrid international business machines presented the spanish government on friday with what it called the most powerful computer in europe, saying it would open a new era in scientific research in spain.
4			product	electronics	computer	sale	technology	performance	profit	industry			tyco returns to profit, shares gain tyco international ltd. tyc.n: quote, profile, research reported a quarterly profit on monday, reversing a year earlier loss, helped by strong demand for electronic parts.
4			computer	intelligence	engineering	intel	technology	innovation	ai	silicon	linux			intel 's andy grove to retire next year business week runs a column called the great innovators and the last issue profiled andy grove, robert noyce and gordon moore, each playing a big part in turning intel into the engine it is today.
4			mobile	electronics	computer	graphic	mobility	technology	windows			mobile graphics look to impress graphics card giants ati and nvidia are working on new chips to improve the quality of mobile displays.
2			boxing	baseball	yankee	soccer	sport	football	muscle	sheffield			yank heavy hitter sheffield fan favorite gary sheffield emerged from the trainer's room after games, his left shoulder wrapped in bandages that resembled football pads. most days, one or two fingers were taped, too.
4			computer	hardware	intel	technology	performance	reliability	memory	speed	computing	linux			intel puts brakes on fast chip high speed is not necessarily all that counts. what 's demanded at the end of the day is performance. in the latest change to its product lineup, intel has cancelled plans to release a 4ghz computer microprocessor.
4			electronics	computer	television	movie	technology	tech	tv	video			tivo, cable or satellite? choose that smart tv wisely though technophiles are the ones who usually like to brag about their electronic toys, recently, even tech novices have started crowing about their digital video recorders.
3			acquisition	business	sale	sears	marketing	retail	money	merger			merger to spur retail change ok, maybe the merger of kmart and sears doesn 't exactly put them in the realm of wally world, but the $ 11 billion deal is nonetheless impressive.
2			coaching	baseball	basketball	sport	recruiting	football	cancer	tennessee			mcnair leaves game after reinjuring chest oft injured quarterback steve mcnair left tennessee's game at minnesota on sunday after reaggravating the bruised chest that kept him in the hospital for two nights last month.
4			process	tire	manufacturing	technology	marketing	car	automation	logistics			a break with tradition if you think of your business as a car and your it infrastructure as the road it travels on, then your business processes are the tires that let the car move along the road. what we are seeing now, at an ever increasing rate, is cfos asking cios to kick the tires and check the air pressure. analogies aside, cfos want cios to get more involved in process design across the company.
4			electronics	manufacturing	technology	tech	semiconductor	energy	innovation	patent	silicon	industry			us tech stocks slip in new york, us blue chips closed near the unchanged mark thursday in ultra light volume, but technology stocks slipped lower after a broker cut its growth forecast on the semiconductor industry.
4			java	web	technology	standard	ip	content	topic			mark logic envisions open content architecture mark logic this week introduced its open content architecture strategy for enabling enterprise customers to unify and manage unstructured content and other types of enterprise information.
2			boxing	baseball	yankee	sport	football	drug	money			yankees best martinez again they leaped off their benches like a couple of desperate heavyweights, sweat and mouthpieces flying. the yankees and the red sox tried to knock some sense into each other.
1			election	politics	democracy	mr	victory			karzai more confident about victory in voting after his second ... the incumbent afghan transitional president hamid karzai is more convinced that he will go out of the first presidential elections triumphantly next saturday, after his second and successful trip outside the capital tuesday.
1			election	politics	democracy	iran	iraq	religion	terrorism	afghanistan	security			afghan security on alert ahead of election kabul, afghanistan oct. 8, 2004 in advance of afghanistan 's first ever direct presidential election, muslim clerics urged friday worshippers to embrace democracy, election workers scurried to ready voting
2			baseball	statistics	soccer	athletics	sport	basketball	golf	football	softball			basketball: americans behind again at halftime the u.s. men's basketball team were once again in danger of defeat at the olympic tournament on thursday, trailing australia 51 47 at the end of the first half.
4			cyber	hacking	technology	internet	terrorism	email	security			e business sites hit with attacks, extortion threats a distributed denial of service attack that disrupted web based systems at credit card payment processing firm authorize.netearlier this week is indicative of a sharp increase in the number of cyberattacks being targeted at specific companies and driven by profit motives on the part of the hackers who launch them.
4			network	ethernet	technology	broadband	bandwidth	light	networking	speed			slowing the speed of light to improve networking optical fiber can deliver data fast, sometimes too fast. slowing light might make some networking bottlenecks vanish.
4			ibm	computer	pc	technology	microsoft	patent	pcs	computing	windows			sales of pc's buoy results at microsoft buoyed by continued strong worldwide sales of personal computers, microsoft reported strong growth even as it faces the challenges of being a mature technology company.
1			politics	america	democracy	conservative	terrorism	freedom	money			moves on to new battles after president bush won re election, many political observers expected to move into retreat. the sentiment surrounding the liberal online powerhouse was neatly summed up by the satire publication the onion in its spoof headline: moveon curlsup incorner.
2			doping	olympics	athletics	sport	greece	athlete	swimming	sprinter	cycling			sprinters charged with dodging drug test greek sprinter katerina thanou, center, arrives in court to appear before a public prosecutor in athens, on tuesday, sept. 7, 2004.
4			mobile	network	mobility	technology	broadband	nokia	telecommunication			giants join 3g forces optus and vodafone yesterday formalised an alliance in which they will together spend $ 1 billion on third generation mobile phone networks.
3			trend	technology	stock	growth	finance	money			websidestory rises in delayed ipo shares of websidestory inc. jumped nearly 17 percent in their trading debut tuesday after the web statistics firm making its second try in four years to go public boosted the size of the deal and priced in the middle of its expected range.
4			mobility	hardware	intel	technology	hp	silicon	computing	linux			intel mum on dual core desktop and server plans san francisco intel corp. last week outlined a plan to develop a mobile processor with two cpu cores, but the company remained silent about its strategy for dual core
2			politics	baseball	history	college	sport	football	money			notre dame just doesn 't get it the school doesn 't get the top recruits, doesn 't get the major bowl games it believes is its birthright, and doesn 't get the fact that the football program is just not a major power anymore.
4			application	network	traffic	ethernet	mobility	connectivity	networking	security			f5 jams new tools into traffic manager the many new mechanisms to secure and speed up applications running on networks are heading for consolidation that should make it easier and less expensive to deliver the kind of performance end users want.
2			coaching	basketball	sport	transition	football	stanford	leadership			stanford cans classy teevens it was an extremely difficult decision, but i simply felt that the program was in need of new direction and leadership, athletic director ted leland said monday.
4			mobile	electronics	battery	mobility	wireless	nokia	technology	car	phone			mobile makers get the message mobile phones get smaller and lighter all the time. with the part count for the average mobile going down by 20 30 per cent every year, a phone bought five years ago now looks as old fashioned as a 1950s wireless.
1			election	politics	labour	galloway	democracy	race	religion			galloway to contest east london seat fresh from his libel victory over the daily telegraph, george galloway this evening announced his intention to challenge the labour mp oona king at the general election.
3			politics	business	ceo	power	wealth	corporation	money	woman	leadership			ebay boss named most powerful businesswoman in us meg whitman of ebay has been named the most powerful woman in corporate america by fortune magazine, toppling carly fiorina of hewlett packard who had been at the top of the list since it began in 1998.
3			business	investing	corruption	greed	bank	finance	fraud	bankruptcy	money	banking			problems at lending unit put merrill lynch on the spot merrill lynch returned to the business of lending to wealthy clients and got burned again.
1			election	politics	race	gen	son	republican			son running for ill. rep.'s house seat democratic party officials picked u.s. rep. william lipinski's son tuesday to replace his father on the november ballot, a decision engineered by lipinski after he announced his retirement and withdrew from the race four days earlier.
2			coaching	basketball	football	chad			pennington still needs a big game as a team, the jets have an awful lot to prove. and as a quarterback, chad pennington is still trying to cement his reputation as a big game performer.
3			business	sale	car	marketing	technology	profit	toy	money			toys r us swings to profit news research swung to a second quarter profit after revealing recently that it was considering exiting its namesake business.
2			match	soccer	sport	islam	football	cricket	bangladesh	woman			bangladeshi women play soccer tournament a women's soccer tournament resumed saturday despite protests from islamic groups to stop the indecent event.
2			coaching	baseball	injury	hockey	retirement	basketball	sport	football			off ice, his shifts are semi regular precious few professional athletes leave their sport on their terms. even fewer depart having won a championship in their final game. injuries, diminished skills, and burnout can cut short careers.
4			windows	network	mobility	europe	technology	networking	linux			siebel teams with t systems to host crm in europe company expanding its reach after introducing the hosted service in the u.s. last year .
1			politics	america	election	government	democracy	china	corruption	strategy	money	politician			just 3 of 18 candidates for president attend debate it was not exactly riveting: three candidates and the representatives of 12 others sat at a horseshoe shaped table yesterday droning out near identical speeches outlining plans to fight corruption, exploit the nation's untapped copper and gold resources, and improve pay for civil servants.
4			game	gaming	production	detail	technology	marketing	development	strategy			everquest ii dated sony online entertainment today announced that everquest ii, the long awaited sequel to soe 's massively multiplayer online role playing game, will ship simultaneously to north american and european retail stores on november 8. four years in development
2			coaching	baseball	basketball	athletics	sport	football	howard	maryland	georgia			diminishing returns delaware state scores on a 73 yard punt return and a 25 yard interception return and defeats howard, 32 13, saturday at greene stadium.
3			insurance	business	saving	investing	finance	liability	money			insurance experiment a costly lesson for town gardena near ... a little over a decade ago, the small working class city of gardena was having trouble getting liability insurance, like a lot of other california towns, and it decided to take the kind of entrepreneurial leap municipalities were being encouraged to
4			electronics	computer	linux	technology	nec	japan	ibm	computing	industry			nec launches world's fastest supercomputer japanese electronics giant nec corp, said it has begun selling the world's fastest supercomputer.
2			baseball	sex	sport	nfl	football	vs	rivalry			tampa bay vs. st louis a pair of emotionally charged teams meet monday night when the tampa bay buccaneers visit the st. louis rams.
4			processor	electronics	computer	device	manufacturing	chip	intel	technology	semiconductor	silicon			amd starts shipping 90 nanometer chips to customers advanced micro devices inc.'s amd inc.'s 90 nanometer notebook processors are on their way to customers, according to a research note published by goldman sachs co. thursday.
2			politics	success	israel	game	olympic	olympics	sport	music	competition			sound of success: israel strikes gold for many israelis, the olympics evoke memories of a terrorist massacre and political boycotts, but windsurfer
1			politics	power	india	energy			anil says, i am not going to comment mumbai: reliance energy chairman anil ambani tonight refused to join issues with his elder brother mukesh ambani on the raging battle between them.
2			coaching	baseball	hockey	basketball	sport	football	playoff			painful start for nuggets the nuggets learned a lesson as blunt as an elbow to the forehead during their season opening, 89 78 loss to the los angeles lakers on tuesday night at the staples center: the western conference still is the western conference without
4			wired	network	mobility	ethernet	technology	nokia	broadband	wireless	networking			docomo has 1gbps link the future of wireless looks to be a showdown in wireless 1gbps 1 gigabit per second technologyjust weeks after siemens announced it was working on technology to transmit 1gbps wirelessly, ntt docomo announces the same thing.
4			product	electronics	trend	sale	technology	profit	consumer	money	industry			best buy quarterly profit jumps 21 pct. best buy co. inc. , the top u.s. electronics retail chain, on wednesday posted a 21 percent rise in quarterly profit and said it gained market share in the period.
4			microsoft	technology	company	patent	google			google shares fall on 4q revenue warning google shares slip as co. warns that its 4q revenue growth rate is likely to slow. the google inc. company headquarters in mountain view, calif.
4			game	graphic	gaming	mobility	technology	car	card	linux			bfg to release two geforce 6600 gts bfg technologies today has announced that it will be releasing cards based on nvidia 's geforce 6600 gt. dubbed the bfg geforce gt oc, the cards come overclocked out of the box and feature
4			windows	technology	microsoft	performance	strategy	networking	analytics	security	linux			analyst: sp2 paves road to longhorn installing microsoft windows xp service pack 2 will leave corporate users better positioned when the first release of the longhorn operating system is released, according to a report from gartner.
4			computer	intel	technology	hp	innovation	apple	ai	silicon	linux			otellini: dual core, wimax now key to intel strategy intel is pressing for the adoption of dual and multi core processors and platforms, and will use more stringent standards for promising delivery of key products, its president said tuesday.
4			product	electronics	computer	privacy	technology	japan	sony			sony unveils pda with next generation organic el display sony marketing japan inc said tuesday it will begin selling a personal digital assistant sept 25 equipped with an organic electroluminescent display, a next generation monitor.
4			electronics	computer	music	privacy	technology	wireless	car	video	audio			enter your e mail: archos has turned up the heat in the portable entertainment arena by announcing the 20gb gmini400, a $ 400 digital audio player with a 2.2 inch color lcd screen for watching videos and viewing photographs.
1			politics	election	democracy	romania	political	censorship	communist	party	politician			governing party leads in romania romania 's former communists looked likely to retain power last night when exit polls put them comfortably ahead in elections for both parliament and president.
4			radio	computer	privacy	technology	car	money	speed	phone			almost here: cellphones at 37,000 feet for those who need to make telephone calls in flight and don't want to sell the second car to finance them, help is on the way.
3			business	ceo	recovery	sale	recall	finance	profit	bankruptcy	recession			merck profit falls, hurt by vioxx recall merck co. on thursday said its quarterly profit fell 28 percent due to last month's recall of its vioxx arthritis drug, and the company predicted 2004 earnings will fall as much as 11 percent because of the recall.
1			election	politics	tory	boris	democracy	resignation	politician			sacked boris 'will bounce back' tory mp boris johnson's political career is not over despite his sacking, say his friends and father.
2			politics	history	life	game	olympics	athletics	sport	football	athlete			samsung ready for 2008 games when the olympic flame faded on sunday the missions of many athletes, participants and spectators came to an end, but sunny hwang knew it was the signal of a new beginning.
1			politics	election	government	time	change	canada			sask. looks at adopting daylight time as the country falls back this sunday regina cp when it comes to political hot potatoes in saskatchewan, there are few that could burn a government more than daylight time change.
3			news	economics	company	stock	energy	profit	oil	corporation	money	industry			stocks rise on oil's drop, earnings news stocks rose on tuesday, with blue chips touching a 2 month high, as oil prices fell and investors were encouraged by positive profit news from a number of companies.
2			baseball	injury	statistics	hockey	basketball	sport	player	williams	tennis			raptors' williams done for season toronto raptors guard alvin williams will miss the rest of the 2004 season with an injured right knee.
4			mobile	battery	electronics	technology	nokia	smartphone	phone			palmone updates treo phone with display, battery palmone inc. on monday unveiled a new version of its popular treo that adds a removable battery and short range wireless technology to the device, which combines a mobile phone and digital organizer.
4			gaming	chip	hardware	intel	technology	performance	extreme	linux			intel introduces extreme chip for gamers intel released its extreme edition pentium 4 processor on monday, a new platform that the chip maker says is especially designed for people who like to push their pcs to the limit.
4			acquisition	privacy	technology	patent	security	linux			red hat to acquire netscape security assets red hat ceo matthew szulik, in a statement the company issued, said the assets have tremendous longterm strategic value for the open source industry and his company.
3			investment	investing	company	debt	bank	finance	bankruptcy	money	banking			santander to sell up to 79 million rbs shares spains santander central hispano is to sell up to 79 million shares in royal bank of scotland, and said it will end cross directorships with rbs if its bid for abbey national is successful.
4			windows	computer	software	technology	microsoft	apple	education	linux			news: windows upgrade causing campus headaches microsoft corp.'s decision to release a major upgrade for its flagship operating system in the same month that hundreds of thousands of students are reporting to college campuses across the nation is causing a major headache for the higher education community.
4			developer	windows	application	java	software	microsoft	development	apps			compuware readies tools for microsoft apps development it targets application performance, code quality and security.
4			doom	computer	alien	technology			the age of doom in 1993 six geeks had a digital nightmare that changed the culture. it's about to get far creepier
4			windows	computer	linux	software	unix	technology	reliability	security	server			sun, dell lead server sales low cost linux and windows servers are outselling unix models, gartner analysts say.
4			application	technology	storage	performance	cloud	networking	security	linux			hds targets virtualization with tagmastore new yorkhitachi data systems inc. unveiled tuesday embedded virtualization layer technology that can aggregate up to 32 petabytes of internal and external storage into a single virtual storage pool and
4			product	application	java	software	solution	ibm	tool			ibm readies sme tools ibm will announced the pre release of several tools for smes designed to speed development of solutions built on ibm middleware. the tools support the ibm solutions builder express portfolio, which provides
3			manufacturing	production	empire	growth	innovation	factory	efficiency	capital	industry			empire manufacturing up sharply in september business at factories across new york state improved at an accelerated pace in the past month according to the empire state manufacturing survey posted by the federal reserve bank of buffalo.
2			coaching	baseball	florida	espn	basketball	sport	recruiting	football	coach			gators, zook never quit after ron zook was fired monday as the university of florida 's football coach, he agreed to stay on until the end of the season.
4			hardware	technology	quantum	performance	time	patent	security			quantum makes leap into linear tape open field in a move experts say will level the playing field in the linear tape open technology arena, quantum corp. has agreed to purchase certance, a tape drive and data protection vendor based in costa mesa, calif.
4			computer	manufacturing	trend	technology	semiconductor	performance	patent	silicon	security	industry			shares fall 7.1 percent in tuesday 's pre open shares of national semiconductor fell more than 7 percent in pre open trading tuesday after the analog chipmaker lowered its fiscal second quarter financial targets due to weak demand and high inventory.
4			developer	wikipedia	application	software	technology	microsoft	productivity	tool	windows			microsoft 's visual studio release 2005: everybody in .net microsoft this week previewed its upcoming visual studio 2005 standard edition, which will ship next year. the company says the tool will help software developers in small to mid size organizations
2			coaching	politics	baseball	history	basketball	sport	football	religion			there's nothing to fear but feehan itself the bourne football team has compiled five shutouts and played to a 10 1 record this season behind the mantra: respect everybody, fear nobody. that formula becomes harder to live by tomorrow when the canalmen take on eastern athletic conference champion bishop feehan in the division 2a playoffs at 4 p.m. at greater new bedford vocational high school.
4			windows	computer	pc	software	technology	networking	pcs	computing	linux			product review: business pc roundup part 2 over the last several weeks, newsfactor has looked at ten of the market's best known and most sought after business computers. each has its strengths and weaknesses. the difficult part is finding the one that strikes the best balance between merits and flaws.
4			computer	linux	unix	software	technology	distribution	reliability	security	windows			upgrades, staffing costs squeeze british it budgets a u.k. survey finds little money left over for new investment, and that linux is not leaving its mark on the desktop.
4			hacking	privacy	technology	internet	communication	telecommunication	speech	email			voip discovers spit internet telephony, or voice over ip define , is picking up steam, as telcos get wise to the benefits of turning speech into packets to be delivered via the internet.
4			processor	computer	chip	hardware	intel	technology	apple	silicon	computing	linux			multiple processor chips in intel plan intel corp. president paul otellini demonstrated new chips due out next year that simultaneously run tasks such as burning cds and playing video games as he sought to allay concerns about product delays.
2			doping	olympic	olympics	athletics	sport	football	athlete	competition	event			with kenteris and thanou out of games, hometown suffers a big blow give the international olympic committee credit. by virture of simply being in the room when the bullet slipped into the chamber, by holding the disciplinary hearing at which, on wednesday, greek sprinters kostas kenteris and katerina thanou completed ...
4			computer	hardware	technology	power	semiconductor	silicon	intel	computing			semiconductor breakthrough: processor 24 times faster your processor can now run 24 faster at the same power levels based on the new strained silicon transistor technology, as claimed by ibm and amd today.
1			politics	election	cheney	clinton	washington	meeting			meeting was not first for cheney, edwards vice president dick cheney said tuesday that the debate against democratic sen. john edwards marked the first time the two had met. in fact, the two had met twice previously.
3			taxation	business	tax	shareholder	company	corporate	bankruptcy	corporation			veto this bill in june, the house and senate each passed corporate tax bills. as we wrote at the time, both threatened to inflict further complications on the tax code, widen the budget deficit and affirm the belief of corporations
4			electricity	technology	economics	power	energy	research	utility	efficiency	education			georgia power wins ruling on research study georgia power and savannah electric will not have to pay for new research into energy efficiency programs, the state public service commission ruled tuesday.
2			baseball	life	college	basketball	sport	football	detroit			clarett, ohio st. both flunked the maurice clarett who appears on the pages of espn the magazine should never have had trouble getting a 's and b 's in college.
2			coaching	baseball	history	basketball	soccer	sport	football	education			stoneham finishes the job a good team knows how to put its opponent away, and that is exactly what the top ranked stoneham boys' soccer team did yesterday in a 4 0 win over visiting wakefield, although it took a while.
2			england	match	soccer	newcastle	sport	club	football	tactic			football: uefa cup first round, first leg ties: souey call for ... graeme souness has vowed his newcastle side will be known for an aggressive attacking style as he kicks off reign in the uefa cup tonight.
4			electronics	philip	manufacturing	chip	technology	semiconductor	silicon	intel	industry			philips warns on chip sales europe's top consumer electronics group philips cut the forecast for its closely watched chip unit on friday and predicted a significant slowdown for the semiconductor industry next year.
4			industry	linux	manufacturing	intel	technology	manufacturer	apple	ibm	silicon	reliability			intel ceo: company recovered from product missteps santa clara, calif. intel chief executive craig barrett says his company has recovered from product missteps that plagued the chip maker during the first half of the year.
2			coaching	politics	baseball	espn	basketball	sport	golf	football	washington	coach			knight slams ncaa in washington texas tech men 's coach bob knight was the guest speaker monday at the national press club, offering his opinions on basketball topics and downplaying any ambitions to make the jump to politics from the world of sports.
3			business	manufacturing	china	economics	company	growth	innovation	globalization	industry			textile heads mull end of quotas it is sad for company executives to curb business growth themselves. but the curbing of growth is now being hotly debated among chinese textile producers, reported china daily on tuesday.
3			inflation	business	economics	stock	greed	finance	profit	oil	money	industry			stocks dip on consumer income report news an unsettling report on consumer incomes set off a spate of profit taking on wall street monday as investors worried that a tepid economy would erode companies' third quarter earnings. another drop in oil prices failed to shake the gloom from the market...
4			science	electronics	computer	mac	biotechnology	technology	evolution	cancer	linux			cell signaling technology carlos del castillo, it manager at cell signaling technology, drove the effort to move the company to macs. now no one worries about the system anymore, he says. they 're concentrating on their work, using the mac as a tool rather than as a computer. also, check out why mac for science and other new features on the science site. nov 04
4			computer	business	software	technology	strategy	security			computer associates to acquire netegrity in $ 430 million all cash ... computer associates international inc. will acquire netegrity inc. in a $ 430 million cash deal that will merge the computer security software makers, the companies said wednesday.
2			boxing	history	espn	fighting	sport	wrestling			pacheco vs. darchinyan: finally, a hidden gem by paul upham: it was a fight that was to receive national exposure in the usa on espn2 's friday night fights on september 3, until the arrival of hurricane frances and it 's devastating impact on florida caused the cancellation of the entire warrior 's
2			coaching	job	baseball	sport	recruiting	football	washington	money			washington job reportedly interests tice minnesota vikings head coach mike tice said that there are two or three college football jobs that could lure him from the nfl, according to the seattle post intelligencer.
4			electronics	computer	chip	hardware	intel	technology	apple	silicon	linux			intel readies centrino style push for desktops intel corp. will unveil next year a bundle of chips designed for home entertainment computers, and support the move with a branding campaign modeled on the successful launch of its centrino chips for notebook computers, a person briefed on the matter said.
4			electronics	computer	device	saving	car	technology	shopping	money	education			multifunction devices draw back to school crowd the consumer electronics gizmo that offers many functions in a small package is what's compelling back to school shoppers to open their wallets.
2			politics	baseball	violence	basketball	sport	football	money			best seats in the house aren't for everyone in the aftermath of the fiasco that was the pacers pistons game last friday night, you would think that pro sports leagues would be looking to move fans farther away from the action.
4			computer	intel	technology	education	apple	ibm	silicon	email	computing	linux			back to school fears cloud intel report san francisco: intel upcoming mid quarter report will be closely watched for signs of weak back to school computer sales, though recent market share gains in memory chips could help offset any softness in computer microprocessor demand.
4			network	privacy	technology	broadband	internet	networking	speed			n.h. firm sues provider of net hot spots in a case that could shake up the growing market in wireless internet hot spots, a new hampshire company is suing a leading hot spot provider, alleging patent infringement. if poweroasis inc. of nashua wins its case against wayport inc. of austin, texas, thousands of travelers could lose access to the internet in hotels and airports.
1			politics	election	government	democracy	political	technology	washington	money	lobbying	politician			consultants deliver politics to voters' inboxes, at a price millions of americans who are already trying to fight off unwanted electronic mail from direct marketers are about to get deluged by another source: politicians and lobbying groups.
1			politics	election	bruce	history	campaign	clinton			springsteen, bon jovi join kerry campaign rocker bruce springsteen is joining sen. john kerry in the final days of his bid to become the nation's boss.
4			job	computer	manufacturing	privacy	technology	tech	automation	innovation			workers breaking office shackles a survey shows that more workers are relying on technology to do their job while on the move.
1			election	britain	politics	violence	democracy	peace	ireland	terrorism			ni deal possible soon a political agreement in northern ireland could be reached by the middle of next week, the leader of the moderate alliance party has said.
4			computer	hardware	intel	technology	performance	networking	patent	silicon	computing	linux			intel shelves 4 ghz pentium in favor of other projects the company 's planned 4 ghz design, already delayed once, will be scrapped in favor of hyperthreading, security, and on chip memory improvements.
4			battery	computer	technology	time	math	money			coming soon: the eight hour notebook battery idf fall '04 well, soon ish
2			coaching	baseball	scouting	espn	basketball	sport	recruiting	football	stats			vikings likely lose rosenthal for year minnesota vikings right tackle mike rosenthal is likely out for the season with an injury to his right foot.
4			electronics	network	connectivity	ethernet	broadband	wireless	technology	telecommunication	networking			atheros unveils world first wi fi access point on a chip access points for 802.11g wireless networks should become even cheaper next year after wlan chip maker atheros begins full scale production of what it claims is the world 's first base station on a chip product.
4			connected	connect	business	connectivity	collaboration	connection	networking	connecting			peoplesoft prepares for questions at connect show peoplesoft inc. will kick off its connect user show on tuesday determined to focus attendees attention on its progress in the past year and product plans for the coming one
4			software	privacy	microsoft	technology	vulnerability	risk	competition	security	linux			microsoft sees open source threat looming ever larger the software maker is facing growing pressure from open source software across every segment of its business a competitive threat that could have significant consequences for its financial future going forward, microsoft said in its latest 10 k filing to the sec.
4			statistics	graphic	computer	diversity	printing	technology	standard	design	number			they are sleuths who weigh prose he firestorm over the memos that figured in the cbs news report on president bush 's national guard record featured a parade of expert document examiners who weighed in on font types, proportional spacing and superscripts.
4			steam	electricity	linux	technology	power	energy	patent	reliability			transmeta licenses low power technology to fujitsu transmeta has licensed its longrun2 power management technology to fujitsu, the second customer to purchase the rights to use the technology, transmeta said thursday.
4			linux	software	privacy	technology	encryption	unix	reliability	security	windows			european companies join in boosting linux security a consortium of european companies, including linux distributor mandrakesoft, has been awarded a three year, $ 8.6 million contract to boost security of the open source linux operating system, the companies said thursday.
2			baseball	television	nbc	espn	sport	cbs	abc	football	tv			a flagship adrift in the airwaves in its 35th season, abc's monday night football is still trying to regain some of its old uniqueness.
4			electricity	efficiency	technology	power	energy	money			money saving energy tips from this old house pro it's easy to cut costs by using less energy in your home, says i this old house i tv personality tom silva. the long time contractor shares tips on how you can do it.
4			industry	computer	business	technology	microsoft	machine	ibm	computing	linux			ibm to expand data centers across world ibm is expanding and adding new technology to 11 of its data centers in north america, europe and asia to meet growing demand and rolled out new services to customers, the world's largest computer company said late on thursday.
2			usa	baseball	doping	olympics	soccer	athletics	sport	basketball	tennis			red, white and . . gold team usa concluded its domination at the olympics by defeating australia 5 1 at helliniko stadium on monday, giving coach mike candrea a gold medal five weeks after his wife, sue, died of a brain aneurysm.
3			production	sale	company	stock	profit	finance	earnings	industry			corus posts first interim profits the steel group corus today announced pre tax profits of 163m for the six months to the end of june its first interim profits since its formation in 1999.
4			technology	company	tech	strategy	innovation	profit	industry			a technology recovery in post exuberant times the profit report cards last week looked good both for the old line stalwarts of the technology sector, but this is a technology recovery of seemingly diminished expectations.
1			politics	america	election	democracy	kerry	bush	debate	mccain			u.s. elections has seized global attention it can be considered undiplomatic, and none of them actually gets to vote. but some foreign leaders and political figures haven't been able to resist the question: bush or kerry for u.s. president?
4			windows	pc	computer	hardware	technology	microsoft	pcs	computing	linux			media centers on parade brand name pc makers debut a host of new pcs that feature microsoft's media center 2005 software.
2			athens	game	olympics	olympic	sport	greece	athlete	gymnastics			olympics sport solid ratings gyms worldwide were dark in anticipation of the olympic gymnastics competition, nbc's al trautwig said this week in a dramatic introduction and then the cameras pulled back to reveal row after row of empty seats in athens.
4			dell	business	software	technology	solution	hp	security	linux			dell updates consumer it services dell will expand its lineup of consumer it services with security tips and installation assistance on products other than pcs. the company has created a new dell solutions center web page
1			politics	controversy	television	marketing	strategy	advertising	debate	competition	money			strong charges set new tone before debate the intensity of advertisements broadcast this weekend signaled the importance that both sides attach to the debates.
4			processor	computer	chip	hardware	technology	networking	memory	intel	linux			intel programming tools reach new 64 bit chips they let developers create software that supports 64 bit x86 chips important in making the new generation of chips useful.
3			business	ceo	network	company	greed	fraud	bankruptcy	corporation	competition	money			nortel cutting 3,500 jobs, fires 7 executives nortel networks is eliminating 3,500 jobs and has fired seven more top executives as it struggles to deal with an accounting scandal that has prompted a criminal investigation.
4			mobile	device	mobility	palm	wireless	technology	networking	linux			palmone announces sd wi fi card for tungsten t3 and zire 72 palmone, inc. is at last bringing a sd wi fi solution for a couple of its handheld models. to date, palmone 's wi fi option was the tungsten c, which comes with built in wireless, incorporates a keyboard and a 320 x 320 transflective tft display. palmone ...
4			electronics	computer	chip	investing	technology	innovation	networking	patent	cancer			paul allen funds wireless chip start up ember, a start up developing chips for zigbee, gets money from paul allen's venture fund. bob metcalfe comes aboard as chairman.
4			mobile	tracking	mobility	privacy	wireless	technology	gps	telecommunication	phone			big boss is watching wireless companies are rolling out new gps services for employers that can track the physical location of mobile workers.
3			revenue	business	company	loss	profit	finance	competition	money	industry			scana third quarter profit falls us power company scana corp. scg.n: quote, profile, research on friday said quarterly profit fell, citing litigation costs and a writedown related to an investment in a telecommunications business.
1			politics	america	election	violence	war	iraq	conflict	terrorism			kerry and bush face off over war, jobs president bush and john kerry sprinted back to the campaign trail, trying to build on their performances in an argumentative second debate that saw the presidential candidates colliding over war, jobs, education, health care, abortion, the environment and prescription drugs...
3			deal	business	trade	internet	money	globalization			ebay, macromedia, deal news: ebay has gone from being an online community founded in 1995 so people could sell things to each other, to a vast, multi national virtual monopoly where the dollar and the bottom line rule.
2			statistics	rugby	sport	golf	football	footballer	cricket			football 's nicholson dies at 85 bill nicholson, widely regarded as one of the greatest football managers of the 20th century and the first to win the league and fa cup double in modern times, has died aged 85 after a long illness.
4			device	privacy	technology	patent	blackberry	ios			blackberry maker 's patent suit upheld a us appeals court upheld a patent infringement finding against blackberry e mail device maker research in motion ltd. on tuesday, but struck down part of the ruling and
4			network	telecom	technology	internet	communication	telecommunication	networking	research			high speed data network just for research a high speed data network being built by the government to link academic and research institutions is unlikely to take traffic away from telecom and the other mainstream telcos because of tough rules that will govern its use.
1			election	politics	democracy	corruption	fraud	terrorism	afghanistan			karzai ahead after first million votes counted in afghan election ... the chief rival of interim president hamid karzai said he has evidence of organized fraud in afghanistan 's election and accused the un afghan electoral commission on monday of ignoring his complaints.
4			windows	computer	hardware	technology	microsoft	apple	intel	security	linux			amd's ruiz disappointed by microsoft's 64 bit delays advanced micro devices inc. amd is disappointed by microsoft corp.'s decision to delay the introduction of 64 bit versions of its windows operating system, but sees no significant impact from the delay on sales of its 64 bit processors, the company's top executive said thursday.
4			mobile	mobility	hardware	technology	apple	intel	computing	linux			intel unveils yonah dual core mobile chip intel corp. outlined its plans for a dual core mobile processor and platform technology wednesday, but declined to provide any details about the dual core future of its flagship pentium 4 desktop processor.
4			computer	business	technology	disaster	ibm	money	email	security			disaster recovery unit takes aim at ibm when companies spin off units, it 's often a way to shed underperforming assets and move on. free! sign up here to receive our internet daily e newsletter!
1			politics	election	beijing	democracy	china	political	corruption	religion	politician			politician 's arrest stirs suspicions in hong kong the arrest of a hong kong pro democracy candidate in mainland china on charges of soliciting a prostitute touched off a media furor in the former british colony yesterday and fueled suspicion that beijing was trying to influence ...
3			business	investing	mining	shareholder	gold	growth	competition	money			crunch day for gold fields gold fields may find itself without a board, a chairman, or the approval of its shareholders for its financial statements after a crucial shareholders meeting tomorrow.
1			politics	election	iran	iraq	religion	terrorism			iraq 's top cleric wins agreement from rebel and government for ... iraq 's top shiite cleric, grand ayatollah ali al sistani, made a dramatic return to najaf on thursday and swiftly won agreement from a rebel cleric and the government to end three weeks of fighting between his militia and us iraqi forces.
4			science	engineering	ut	technology	evolution	tech	nasa			ut club has dreams of a mission to the red planet and a small but determined group of engineering graduate students is organizing to get the word out. members of the campus chapter of
3			company	stock	ft	finance	corporation	competition	money	capital	industry			3m profit rises but misses estimates 3m co. on monday said third quarter earnings rose 17 percent due in part to the weak dollar, but the diversified manufacturer's results came in below wall street's estimates for the first time in at least seven quarters.
4			computer	hacking	privacy	technology	ip	internet	email			at chief refuses to miss voip ma bell under prior management in the 1990s let the internet revolution slip from its grasp, as companies like america online, earthlink and msn grabbed the lead in providing internet access.
3			news	success	business	opportunity	investing	technology	option	growth	profit	money			capital benefits for news news corporation shareholders were told yesterday to expect an even brighter future if the global media conglomerate moved its primary listing to the new york stock exchange.
3			politics	history	business	sale	management	fear	marketing	greed	money	leadership			field 's new owners put leadership team in place marshall field 's department stores will soon have both a new president and a chairman to replace the former leader who reaped a big profit from selling her stock.
3			business	aviation	fraud	bankruptcy	competition	money			delta air lines averts bankruptcy with pilot deal, faces more ... delta air lines appeared to have averted imminent bankruptcy with a cost saving deal with its pilots union, but still faces challenges ahead, analysts said.
4			mobile	network	india	technology	smartphone	nokia	industry			after false starts, 3g mobile service set for take off with most technical issues resolved and giants like vodafone plc signing up customers, 2005 could be the year when third generation 3g mobile services finally gain a global audience.
4			computer	intel	technology	power	apple	hp	speed	computing	linux			intel expands centrino line with new pentium m chip intel corp. gave its centrino laptop package a speed boost wednesday with the release of a new, faster pentium m processor.
4			network	ethernet	broadband	nokia	technology	wireless	networking	patent			at t, covad close in on wimax both companies plan to start offering the super speedy, cost effective wireless technology as soon as possible.
3			manager	employee	ceo	acquisition	management	executive	company	restructuring	compensation	bankruptcy			7 more managers fired over nortel accounting the company announced the firings on thursday along with a restructuring plan that included layoffs of about 3,500 employees.
4			product	acquisition	business	technology	evolution	oracle	integration	strategy	security			oracle's phillips talks up peoplesoft integration for the first time since closing a deal to purchase peoplesoft for $ 10.3 billion, oracle has begun offering a glimpse of how it plans to digest its acquisition and handle what will represent four different product lines.
2			history	magic	win	basketball	sport	winning	money			all wrapped up before last night's game, doc rivers spoke of his team's tough win 48 hours earlier against the milwaukee bucks. what made it special, he suggested, was that the celtics had managed a victory despite not playing very well.
2			safety	sport	nfl	football	seattle			scoreless in seattle not so long ago, the 49ers were inflicting on other teams the kind of pain and embarrassment they felt in their 34 0 loss to the seahawks on sunday.
1			politics	election	statistics	government	spending	washington	finance	money	education			government spending up sharply locally federal procurement spending in the washington area rose last year at its highest rate since the 1980s, according to a study to be released today, creating tens of thousands of jobs and increasing economic growth disproportionately in northern virginia.
4			privacy	broadband	regulation	internet	technology	telecommunication	patent	phone			techbrief: states can 't regulate net phones us regulators ruled tuesday that providers of internet based telephone call services fall under the jurisdiction of the federal government and cannot be regulated by states.
4			electricity	engineering	mobility	technology	transportation	speed			study finds technology could support mountain monorail new technology would make it possible to build a monorail connecting denver to the state 's ski resorts and such a railway could carry six to eight times more people than two additional
4			security	computer	linux	software	privacy	microsoft	technology	phone	windows			palmsource to unveil smart phone software operating system might help make up for a rough quarter and microsoft nipping at the company's heels.
3			relationship	business	collaboration	technology	company	friend	networking	competition	friendship			adaptec: friend or foe? the company is changing tack under ceo robert stephens and may soon find itself in direct competition with several longtime partners.
4			mobile	mobility	hardware	music	technology	multimedia	video	audio	linux			via tunes open source media player via technologies has released a version of the open source xine media player that is designed to take advantage of hardware digital video acceleration capabilities in two of the company 's pc chipsets, the cn400 and cle266.
4			politics	hacking	privacy	technology	terrorism	security			cybersecurity overhaul legislation doa in congress washington new legislation expected to be introduced in the house today that would move the nation 's director of cybersecurity from the department of homeland security to the white house is apparently already dead
3			trading	company	option	stock	market	growth	profit	money	security			stocks are little changed in the early going new york wall street is sorting through the latest earnings news and stocks are narrowly mixed. the dow jones industrial average is up three points in today 's early going.
2			baseball	expansion	sport	boston	capacity	football	stadium	attendance			red sox seek approval to expand fenway capacity by 10 the red sox yesterday received preliminary approval from the boston landmarks commission to expand fenway park's capacity by 10 percent, presenting the club's most specific designs yet on how it would add about 1,000 seats as well as extra standing room.
3			product	business	revenue	sale	inventory	marketing	profit	pricing	retail			home depot profit tops estimates on sales home depot inc. on tuesday reported a 19 percent rise in second quarter profit, handily topping estimates, as store renovations and efforts to improve service drove higher average sales in every category.
4			mobile	singapore	technology	telecom	telecommunication			singtel to launch 3g service singapore telecommunications singtel said it will commercially launch its high speed third generation 3g mobile service within months, putting it at the forefront of southeast asian telecoms firms looking to roll out the technology.
4			network	connectivity	ethernet	technology	routing	cisco	telecommunication	networking	patent	reliability			fujitsu cisco to jointly develop routers fujitsu and cisco have announced that they have reached an agreement to enter into a strategic alliance to carry out joint development of high end routers, plan future cooperation in routing and switching, and collaborate on quality improvement.
4			computer	itunes	software	music	technology	microsoft	internet	entertainment	apple			microsoft unveils version of music store on the face of things, microsoft corp.'s online music service looks a lot like the market leader, apple computer inc.'s itunes.
3			job	business	manufacturing	china	michigan	growth	detroit	industry			treasury secretary expects michigan to remain a manufacturing ... us treasury secretary john snow said he believes michigan hich has lost about 190,000 factory jobs during the past five years l continue to be a global manufacturing leader.
3			taxation	business	tax	company	profit	finance	money			david jones flags 5 profit growth in fy05 david jones limited djs said today that it expected a 5 increase in profit after tax in the 2005 financial year after a strong rally in fy04 net profit.
4			electronics	battery	computer	linux	hardware	software	privacy	technology	windows			pluggedin: the oqo is not just another handheld device a full fledged windows xp computer that's a fraction of the size of a laptop seems like the answer to the digerati's prayers, but the praise greeting the oqo model 01 has been decidedly muted.
4			battery	electronics	electricity	technology	smartphone	nokia	phone			docomo unveils phone fuel cell ntt docomo has unveiled what it calls the japan 's first prototype micro fuel cell aimed at boosting battery life for its powerful third generation foma handsets.
4			security	virus	hacking	scanning	technology	fraud	surveillance			mcafee adds real time scanning to zap spyware security software specialist mcafee inc. has added a new module to its virus scan engine to help businesses combat the growing spyware scourge.
1			politics	violence	democracy	war	peace	conflict	terrorism	security	torture			uribe defends security policies colombia's president alvaro uribe tells the bbc his tough stance on the internal conflict is crucial and effective.
4			computer	grid	electricity	technology	evolution	math	simulation	computing	linux			europe uses grid to create new megacomputer if the new grid computer were considered a single supercomputer, it would rank behind supercomputers bluegene l and columbia in the u.s. and the earth simulator in japan.
2			baseball	basketball	football			auburn 's bcs gripe understandable, but it can 't claim a tough ... you know, i had a feeling i got ripped off by those landscapers last summer. it was like they didn 't even do any work. guess i shouldn 't have hired those ohio state football players.
1			politics	election	congress	intelligence	strategy	washington	terrorism	security			senate leaders hope to act on 9 11 bill senate majority leader bill frist said monday he will decide in the next two days whether there is a realistic chance congress can get the sept. 11 intelligence reorganization bill completed before election day.
2			baseball	television	espn	sport	technology	football	tv	money			giants to offer wi fi instant replays peanuts, hot dogs and wireless instant replays. it's the future of baseball.
4			ads	success	technology	marketing	strategy	advertising	optimization	competition			how to create dynamic headlines for your google adwords ads how to create dynamic headlines for your google adwords ads relevancy is the key to the success of all advertising. if your ad conveys the right message at the right time, to the right people, then you stand a very good chance of increasing the response to your ad. if ...
2			cycling	doping	china	race	sport	car	motorsport	racing			chinese gp new star of f1 circuit rubens barrichello 's start to finish win holding off the double challenge of young guns jenson button and kimi raikkonen enthralled genuine sports fans and undoubtedly had the marketing men rubbing their hands as the sport sunk its claws into china 's
4			network	connectivity	ethernet	technology	switching	cisco	networking	switch			cisco targets smbs with new switches, software cisco has released a new line of switches and services for small and medium sized businesses aimed at helping companies with 100 to 1000 employees deploy converged voice
2			coaching	baseball	espn	california	basketball	sport	golf	recruiting	football	ucla			ucla coach dorrell agrees to extension los angeles, ca sports network karl dorrell, head football coach at ucla, agreed to a two year contract extension friday that will keep him at the school through the 2010 season.
4			electronics	pc	dell	computer	linux	microsoft	technology	networking	pcs	windows			dell notebook gets set for big screen debut pc maker plans to launch 17 inch version of its inspiron, perhaps in time for the holidays, and belatedly matching rivals.
2			overtime	baseball	television	nbc	espn	sport	nfl	football	tv			'monday night football' to use air delay monday night football will be broadcast on a five second delay for the rest of the season, a reaction to the furor caused by last season's super bowl halftime show.
4			electronics	nano	computer	technology	semiconductor	silicon	computing			technique allows more resilient semiconductors in an advance that could lead to lighter spacecraft and smarter cars, researchers have developed a new technique for producing a high quality computer chip that is much more resistant to extreme conditions than the silicon found in most of today 's
3			business	broadband	marketing	technology	advertising	pricing	industry			macromedia starts meter on web conferencing new pay as you go pricing for breeze live service is meant to attract small businesses.
4			science	electronics	battery	electricity	biotechnology	technology	energy	research	physics			spinach could power better solar cells an electronic device that uses spinach to convert light into electrical charge has been developed by us researchers. shuguang zhang at massachusetts institute of technology, us, and research collaborators
3			news	success	business	investor	mining	shareholder	greed	gold	competition	money			canadian gold doesn 't glitter no news was good news for south africa 's harmony gold mining company nyse: hmy today. over at rival and takeover target gold fields limited nyse: gfi , a shareholder vote was held to endorse
4			network	connectivity	ethernet	mobility	technology	broadband	nokia	wireless	networking			apple bumps ibook speed to 1.33 ghz the addition of wireless access cards in all ibook models is a clear sign that apple views wireless networking and internet access as a feature that most of its customers want and need with
2			basketball	sport	maverick	nba	dallas			warriors, mavs close on five player trade the warriors and mavericks are close to completing a five player trade that would bring forwards eduardo najera and christian laettner to golden state and send centers erick dampier, evan eschmeyer and guard dan dickau to dallas, an nba source aware of ...
2			coaching	baseball	soccer	athletics	sport	football	cricket			upstart somerset gives horton fitting finale the somerset boys' soccer team started the state tournament as an 18th seed and an afterthought in the race for the division 2 state title. the blue raiders knew their coach, whit horton, would be retiring after their final game. yesterday, they gave horton the best retirement gift possible, the miaa division 2 state title, taking a 1 0 win over ...
1			politics	america	election	democracy	race	kerry	washington	money			bush and kerry prepare to meet in their first debate in miami in the hours before tonight's debate, president bush comforted floridians, while john kerry got some last minute advice.
4			computer	network	connectivity	ethernet	technology	wireless	networking	intel	security	linux			intel gives centrino chip line a wireless upgrade intel corp. on thursday said it has upgraded the wireless networking capabilities of its centrino line of notebook computer chips to allow broader network access with improved security.
1			election	politics	controversy	campaign	economics	finance	money			judge strikes down campaign finance rules u.s. district judge kollar kotelly, the same judge who threw out the microsoft break up ruling, and backed the feds in the gitmo case, issued a 157 page ruling today which rejects 15 of the 19 federal rules implementing the two year old us campaign finance law. while the ruling does not affect the law's key prohibition against large donations to political parties known as soft money it does seem to create some uncertainty for political fund raising, with only six weeks to go until the elections.
3			politics	business	ceo	china	management	corruption	company	finance	money			citigroup boss leaves in wake of banking scandal the british boss of citigroups international division is leaving the company in the wake of a banking scandal in japan. sir deryck maughan, 56, also a vice chairman
4			ceo	network	technology	company	communication	telecommunication	networking	change	email	security			update: nortel to lay off 10 percent of staff nortel networks corp. will cut 10 percent of its workforce, or around 3,500 jobs, to reduce costs.
4			product	linux	manufacturing	technology	japan	networking	ibm	industry			ibm to use amd 's dual core opteron san francisco ibm will upgrade its opteron based e325 server for high performance computing with advanced micro devices dual core chip in 2005, the company plans to announce thursday.
3			ibm	business	technology	company	oracle	bankruptcy	patent	email	industry			oracle acquisition of peoplesoft brings customers into focus oracle 's agreement to buy peoplesoft for $ 26.50 per share, or approximately $ 10.3 billion, means a new era for users of peoplesoft 's enterprise applications.
4			electronics	ibm	computer	application	device	technology	sensor	telecommunication	patent			ibm carves new rfid unit the sensor and actuator solutions group will create services and software related to rfid systems. by laurie sullivan. ibm has created the sensor and actuator solutions group to support devices such as those used in radio frequency identification setups.
4			computer	business	programming	software	technology	patent	ai	linux			custom software for corporations while peoplesoft continues to fend off oracles takeover bid, a subplot is unfolding in the world of corporate software.
3			share	investing	shareholder	company	stock	debt	finance	corporation	money	merger			txu raises earnings outlook, dividend; to repurchase shares new york, october 25 txu corporation has announced a new $ 50 million share buyback programme, while more than tripling its quarterly dividend payout, leading to an annual rate of $ 2.
3			politics	america	business	technology	company	tech	money	industry			us stocks boosted by oil 's fall us blue chips recovered ground on friday after a fall in oil prices offset a profit warning from aluminum maker alcoa inc. aa.n: quote, profile, research , while a tech
2			coaching	baseball	nbc	college	espn	basketball	sport	football			big game is a big deal in raleigh espn 's college gameday crew will set up camp in raleigh, nc, for the first time saturday as a backdrop to the north carolina state miami game.
2			baseball	australia	sponsorship	sport	football	cricket	motorsport	money	sponsor			sponsorship dispute depletes windies line up brian lara and other west indies cricket stars are unlikely to travel to australia for a one day international series as a result of a controversy surrounding rival sponsors.
4			ibm	business	ethernet	technology	cisco	networking	patent	availability	switch	security			cisco offerings target small firms cisco this week will release products it says will help small companies deal with the complexities of lan switch security, convergence and network management.
2			soccer	sport	football	mac			soccer champions league mac. ta confident as injury and ... maccabi tel aviv will hold a short training session tonight as it concludes preparations for tomorrow 's champions league rosh hashanah clash with bayern munich.
4			computer	hacking	privacy	technology	vulnerability	encryption	email	security	linux			experts push for more u.s. computer security efforts computer security experts, including former government officials, urged the george w. bush administration on tuesday to devote more effort to strengthening defenses against viruses, hackers and other online threats.
2			basketball	sport	football	nba	beer			the fight: nba, fans, morals indiana pacers player ron artest 's charging into the stands after a fan who allegedly threw a beer at him friday, as a fight between members of the
4			chip	intel	technology	performance	apple	semiconductor	memory	silicon	linux			intel abandons projection tv chip intel first unveiled its plans to develop a liquid on crystal silicon chip in january. in august, the company said the chip would not be released by the end of the year.
4			authentication	privacy	technology	standard	vulnerability	encryption	security			security group sets baseline standard for firewalls four security software rivals are have teamed up to set a baseline standard for application security firewalls, challenging others in the industry to join them.
2			doping	olympics	athletics	sport	greece	football	athlete	swimming	cycling			greek sprinters withdraw from games greek olympic 200 meters champion costas kenteris, the focus of an olympic doping scandal, withdrew from the athens games on wednesday out of a sense of responsibility.
3			industry	acquisition	company	loss	profit	patent	corporation	merger			agilysys posts 2q profit on acquisitions agilysys inc., a supplier of electronic components and computer systems, said tuesday that it swung to a profit in the fiscal second quarter as acquisitions contributed to strong sales growth.
2			baseball	basketball	conference	sport	athletics	acc	recruiting	football			acc unveils new football division names, logo conference expansion means many things: new schools, new rivalries, new divisions and, as it turns out, a new logo. the acc which this year added miami and virginia tech, and next year welcomes boston college
4			game	sport	technology	evolution	car	tech	park			stadiums go high tech will wi fi, mobile messaging and other enhancements improve the game, or wreck it? br photos of tech friendly parks
4			business	network	broadband	telecom	technology	wireless	communication	telecommunication			wireless merger call it a blockbuster merger, rumored for days and made official this morning in new york. reston, virginia. the $ 35 billion deal creates the nation 's third largest wireless telephone service provider.
4			network	collaboration	technology	internet	group	networking	competition			group proposes faster wi fi specification networking consortium submits proposal for faster wi fi, as battle lines are drawn between rival groups.
3			politics	job	business	bureaucracy	corruption	fraud	money	security			security shifts roundup trusecure, betrusted to merge, focus on big customers. also: a bump up in the bureaucracy?
4			industry	safety	manufacturing	technology	growth	logistics	reliability			caterpillar's earnings more than double caterpillar inc. said on thursday quarterly earnings more than doubled on continued strong demand for its heavy equipment.
4			electronics	dell	computer	technology	hp	networking	silicon	intel	linux			dell ceo says they are considering amd i have decided to pay attention to this subject one last time, at least until dell finally releases either desktop pcs or servers equipped with amd processors.
2			coaching	baseball	florida	espn	basketball	sport	recruiting	football	alabama	georgia			spurrier withdraws name from florida vacancy steve spurrier will not coach the florida gators again after he withdrew his name from consideration in the process to select a new head football coach at the university.
4			product	electronics	computer	sony	technology	marketing	japan	consumer	industry			sony may open retail stores few people took notice when sony electronics inc...
2			australia	doping	rehabilitation	sport	athletics	athlete	drug	cycling			sprinter earle connor suspended from paralympic team pending cces ... canadian sprinter earle connor has been suspended from the canadian paralympic team pending the final review of his positive drug test by the canadian centre for ethics in sport.
2			baseball	basketball	soccer	sport	football	quarterback			a b snags no. 49 the football bounced high, hopping up and settling into the waiting arms of acton boxboro's doug mahoney.
1			election	politics	democracy	france	paris			chirac rival takes helm of president 's party nicolas sarkozy, one of france 's most ambitious and visible politicians and an in house rival of president jacques chirac moved to the helm of the president 's party yesterday, a perfect podium for him to bid for the
4			computer	pc	linux	technology	microsoft	hp	pcs	computing	windows			enterprise pc shipments strong in q4 although personal computer sales are on track for double digit growth, the research firm gartner says consumer buying of pcs in the last quarter of the year may come up short.
2			coaching	boxing	baseball	basketball	athletics	sport	recruiting	football	competition	wrestling			ready or not, msu prepares for big ten heavyweights michigan state football coach john l. smith couldn 't, or wouldn 't, say if his team is in any condition to compete with the big ten 's upper echelon.
3			revenue	investing	shareholder	company	stock	growth	finance	profit	money	earnings			cit group 's q3 profit up 25, tops by a penny cit group cit achieved 25 percent growth in net earnings for the third quarter, reporting $ 183.9 million, or 86 cents per share, up from $ 147.
1			election	politics	democracy	china	iran	russia	candidate			south korea not out of the running for u.n. post south korea might put forward a candidate to take over from u.n. secretary general kofi annan when his term expires in 2006, a south korean official said sunday.
3			income	statistics	revenue	sale	entertainment	profit	money	earnings	industry			dvd sales will drive pixar 's earnings credit suisse first boston maintained an outperform rating for pixar animation studios nasdaq: pixr news people after the animated film company reported robust earnings for the third quarter.
2			baseball	basketball	sport	football	celebrity	fame	money	talent			latest failure shows brown starting to lose talent battle ok, help me out here. is it odd years holiday bowl and even years cotton bowl? or even years holiday bowl and odd years cotton bowl?
1			politics	america	election	violence	music	political	censorship	money			row over 'political' cash tribute fans plan to protest at a tribute to johnny cash at next week's republican convention in new york.
4			hacking	privacy	technology	company	strategy	fraud	risk	security	merger			security companies plan merger computer security companies trusecure corp. and betrusted holdings inc. said last week they would merge to create a new company called cybertrust that would sell a portfolio
4			technology	marketing	finance	innovation	networking	vendor	availability	industry			analyst: open source crm not yet a contender commercial open source crm providers have established their presence in the crm market in relatively short order, with at least four companies sugar crm, ohioedge anteil, compiere setting up shop over the last year.
3			trend	price	sale	growth	profit	competition	canada	industry			profits for canadian retailers seen rising 33 this year ... profits at canadian retailers are forecast to rise by nearly one third this year, according to a report by the conference board of canada.
4			computer	detail	technology	apple	hp	patent	intel	computing	linux			hp, intel end itanium chip pact hewlett packard co. and intel corp. on wednesday ended their 10 year partnership to co develop the itanium chip for server computers, following disappointing sales of the product.
4			industry	hacking	software	technology	copyright	piracy	competition	security	linux			software piracy whistle blowers get bigger rewards the bsa trade group ups its reward for information on u.k. companies that are using illegal software.
4			mobile	network	mobility	wireless	broadband	technology	tower	communication	telecommunication			qualcomm media network to boost mobile services the dedicated tower network to be built by qualcomm 's mediaflo usa subsidiary should give us carriers a smooth road for rolling out mobile multimedia services, though it may be some time before they embrace the idea.
4			computer	device	usb	technology	nokia	storage	performance	networking	linux			hitachi 's travelstar notebook harddrive upgraded to 100 gbyte hitachi increased the capacity of its travelstar notebook harddrives. the consumer targeted 5k100 and e5k100 for enterprise applications offer up to 100 gbyte
2			baseball	life	sport	football	cancer	lion			winning ways back for lions? there was a glow to every face in beaver stadium, a look of relief dissolving any despair that might have remained. those happy expressions of players and fans carried an optimistic belief that this was
3			business	ceo	management	technology	company	strategy	competition	money	industry			for sprint and nextel, the struggle is ahead which could come as early as today they will have completed the easy part. the harder part, industry executives and analysts
4			cluster	computer	technology	networking	ibm	computing	linux			orion delivers first personal cluster workstation there is something rather antiquated about many of the server clusters used today by engineers, scientists and media fiends. their high powered computing machines are often cobbled together over many days
3			sale	loss	profit	growth	finance	bankruptcy	money			circuit city cuts loss, stock soars circuit city stores inc. on friday reported a narrower quarterly loss as it kept a tight rein on expenses and sales of digital televisions and notebook computers rose, sending its stock up 5 percent.
1			politics	news	america	democracy	fact	economics	greed	economist	money			do newspapers make good news look bad? two economists argue that economic reporters slant the news unequivocally in favor of the democrats.
2			baseball	espn	basketball	acc	sport	football	dr	vs			hurricanes and hokies to battle for the acc title greg olsen and jon beason weren 't in blacksburg last year when virginia tech routed then no. 2 miami, but they both felt the disappointment of the bitter loss.
4			ceo	privacy	technology	microsoft	corporate	innovation	strategy	corporation	money			microsoft may do more shopping microsoft may make more large acquisitions than it has done historically and become a more distributed company as opposed to moving key employees to its redmond, washington, headquarters, chief financial officer john connors said
3			coal	trade	company	stock	oil	dow	corporation	industry			dow at year low as oil hits record the dow industrial average fell to a new low for the year on friday as oil prices jumped to a fresh record and tech bellwether microsoft corp. weighed on stocks after its revenue forecast lagged wall street expectations.
4			mobile	mobility	technology	broadband	telecommunication	transport	phone			no frills service could see prices drop t mobile is to act as carrier for a web based uk mobile phone service set up by denmark 's tdc and the easygroup that is to launch in march.
3			battery	business	revenue	technology	growth	finance	money	security	industry			update 2: qualcomm raises 4q, year outlook qualcomm inc. friday raised its earnings and revenue forecasts for the current quarter, based on higher shipments of its cell phone chips.
4			safety	benefit	privacy	technology	innovation	risk	security			speakers debate rfid benefits, challenges several speakers at this week's epcglobal conference talked about how rfid tagging can help companies track products, cut down on theft and reduce supply chain costs. but analysts said u.s. companies are moving cautiously on the technology.
1			election	politics	nevada	california	debate	texas	republican	primary			calif. lawmakers vote to switch primary lawmakers have agreed to return california's primary to its traditional date of june, ending the state's eight year experiment with a march primary.
2			politics	controversy	baseball	hockey	basketball	sport	football	money			turn other cheek doesn 't work either minor league hockey player dan sullivan was suspended for 18 fewer games for mooning fans than indiana pacer stephen jackson was 30 for trying to punch their lights out.
4			network	technology	wireless	internet	bandwidth	broadband	telecommunication	speed	education			fcc rule may lead to broadband expansion new rules approved this week by the federal communications commission are aimed at making high speed internet available to more americans.
2			medal	olympics	athletics	sport	athlete	competition	gymnastics	men			american hamm claims men 's gymnastics all round crown paul hamm etched his name into the record books as he became the first american man to win the olympic gymnastics all round crown wednesday.
3			business	ceo	acquisition	management	executive	shareholder	company	corporation	head	merger			update 1: ebay shuffles positions of 3 executives ebay inc. said thursday that it shuffled the positions of three senior vice presidents, promoting each in title and creating new heads for paypal, ebay international and ebay north america.
4			business	network	privacy	technology	communication	email	security			cingular sells interactive unit, keeps key customers cingular wireless said monday it has agreed to sell its cingular interactive unit to investment banking firm cerberus capital management lp, but will retain the operation 's e mail customers and several key accounts.
4			network	traffic	trend	technology	switching	networking	switch			f5 networks to introduce next gen traffic manager f5 networks will announce its new switch next week, part of efforts to broaden its reach in the market.
2			coaching	florida	retirement	espn	recruiting	football	coach			spurrier withdraws from florida coaching search after spending more than a week thinking about it, spurrier decided thursday to remove his name from consideration to replace ron zook.
1			election	ukrainian	politics	result	democracy	voting	poll	russia	ukraine			ukrainian cec announces results of presidential elections rbc, 02.11.2004, kiev 15:55:11.ukrainian prime minister viktor yanukovich has won 40.22 percent support during the recent presidential elections, according to the results announced by the ukrainian central elections commission after 95.
3			product	business	sale	technology	marketing	company	advertising	seo			webex launches sales center expanded web conferencing service is specifically designed for sales professionals.
4			boeing	china	technology	defense	performance	strategy	defence	security	industry			strong defense unit buoys boeing 's profit propelled by another potent performance from its defense unit, boeing announced third quarter results yesterday that surpassed investors expectations as profits climbed 78 percent from a year ago.
1			politics	revolution	war	democracy	terrorism	god			. . and lost chances no one can control or change this revolution. no one can control or change me. yasser arafat spoke those words before a boisterous crowd in a dusty refugee camp called nahr bared in northern lebanon more than two decades ago.
4			coal	business	technology	power	williams	energy	oil	research	industry			update 2 williams ends effort to sell power business williams cos. inc. wmb.n: quote, profile, research has scrapped efforts to sell its power business as the depressed wholesale market has damaged prospects for selling the unit, the natural gas company said on thursday.
4			business	privacy	technology	copyright	content	advertising	money	security	server			cite we cite seize servers, cite you cite can't complain us gov indymedia seizures site owners have 'no standing'
4			developer	collaboration	technology	evolution	microsoft	innovation	patent	intel	windows			sourcelabs receives venture funding sourcelabs will use the venture capital for ongoing research and development and to expand its sales and marketing. ignition partners was founded by microsoft veterans including
4			electronics	network	connectivity	ethernet	wireless	technology	ip	networking			wi fi gets ready for next generation net wireless networking equipment makers are starting to roll out ipv6 ready gear to meet demand for the new protocol in asia.
1			election	politics	violence	democracy	corruption	conflict	chavez	venezuela			chavez allies and opposition vie for key posts as venezuelans vote ... allies of president hugo chavez and opposition candidates competed for key gubernatorial and mayoral posts in elections sunday, with tens of thousands of police and soldiers on hand to prevent politically fueled clashes.
2			coaching	baseball	australia	basketball	sport	football	coach			coaches take back seat as the formula kicks in during 21 years in coaching, i ve been lucky enough to reach the grand final five times. these games represent the pinnacle of your career, but at the same time produce a very strange sensation.
1			election	politics	democracy	parliament	corruption	russia	ukraine	opposition			ukraine's parliament opens without quorum ukraine's parliament opened on wednesday without a quorum, hurting opposition hopes of pushing through motions to open the way for new presidential elections.
4			business	technology	cisco	networking	ibm	email	security	industry			cisco continues to court small business networking giant launches new program for resellers targeting small and midsize customers.
1			politics	war	violence	chaos	anarchy	peace	terrorism	security			security forces can 't stop chaos palestinian security forces are unable to stop the spreading chaos in the west bank and gaza, prime minister ahmed qurie said today, a day after a failed attempt to kill a gaza security commander.
1			election	politics	homosexuality	race	religion	marriage	diversity			gay advocates examine role in election gay and lesbian advocates have been doing some soul searching since president bush's election victory, wondering if same sex wedding marches through san francisco and massachusetts tipped the scales to republicans promising to restore traditional values.
4			connectivity	privacy	technology	internet	ip	email	im			voiceglo offers im interoperability users of the four major consumer im networks will be able to chat with each other?with some restrictions.
4			virus	computer	hacking	privacy	worm	technology			spyware that actually spies on you amid groans of i wonder why it took so long? a new worm has been discovered that can access a webcam and microphone attached to an infected pc.
4			wired	network	technology	broadband	internet	wireless	networking	email			cox brings voip service to more cities com october 4, 2004, 12:22 pm pt. zdnet 's survey of it professionals in august kept wired wireless on top for the 18th month in a row.
4			animation	electronics	computer	graphic	art	printing	technology	photography	color			kimono makers now employ computer graphics for centuries, japan's kimono makers have relied on stencils, paintbrushes and hours of labor to turn out their elaborate and graceful creations. kimono designer yuko iwakuma uses some more up to date tools: a computer and an ink jet printer.
1			election	politics	democracy	unemployment	economics	energy	finance	money	recession			brown looks to election battles gordon brown will set the economic battleground for the next general election in his pre budget report.
4			linux	manufacturing	intel	inventory	storage	technology	apple	semiconductor	silicon	industry			intel profit rises, but inventory glut lingers san francisco intel, the largest semiconductor maker, has reported that its profit for the third quarter rose 15 percent from a year earlier, though it continued to struggle with an inventory glut that has reduced its profit margins.
3			brand	hotel	business	ceo	tourism	hospitality	management	investing	strategy			intercontinental hotels eases out ceo intercontinental hotels, the world 's biggest hotelier, has eased out chief executive richard north to make way for a career hotelier with brand building skills to drive forward the business.
3			hotel	intercontinental	business	ceo	acquisition	management	executive	merger			intercontinental boss steps down intercontinental hotels today said it had begun the search for a new chief executive after a change in strategy forced out present boss richard north.
4			security	technology	quantum	time	patent	pt			quantum to buy tape rival certance com october 20, 2004, 5:29 pm pt. data storage tape company quantum on wednesday said it will pay $ 60 million in cash to acquire rival tape technology developer certance.
3			income	revenue	ceo	microsoft	finance	profit	corporation	money			microsoft profit, revenue rises microsoft corp. , the world's largest software maker, on thursday said its quarterly profit climbed as sales rose, but the company's revenue forecast for the current quarter fell below wall street estimates.
1			politics	election	beijing	democracy	china	corruption	power	leadership			chinese in the dark as leaders gather i don 't know anything about the leadership struggles, it 's not in the newspapers, said newsstand vendor shao guofu.
1			cuba	politics	election	violence	democracy	crisis	chavez	change	venezuela			chavez 's victory the reaction by venezuela 's opposition to the failed effort to recall president hugo chavez was disorganized and misguided. the two dozen groups behind the recall never worked together on a political message
4			electronics	game	technology	child	kid	toy			top toys list released by testing council the best new toys on canadian store shelves as the shopping season approaches include a dancing robo t and an electronic guessing game, according to a new report.
4			hacking	threat	privacy	technology	encryption	vulnerability	terrorism	networking	security			added security with strong authentication verisign and rsa security intro security tools that could help combat the upswing in e commerce threats. by thomas claburn. it 's hard to say what 's growing faster, security threats or security solutions.
1			election	politics	putin	democracy	poll	russia	candidate	ukraine	terrorism			exit poll: challenger leads in ukraine an exit poll and initial early returns from abroad sunday showed opposition challenger viktor yushchenko heading to a commanding victory in ukraine's presidential run off, which pitted the western leaning reformer against the kremlin praised prime minister in a vote many feared would turn violent.
2			baseball	sport	life	football			pack goes poof with favre on sidelines the green bay packers finally got a glimpse of life without brett favre on sunday. and with their franchise quarterback watching the last 1 1 2 quarters from the sidelines, there wasn 't much life in the green bay packers.
4			computer	linux	technology	microsoft	japan	ibm	ai	computing	industry			ibm claims bluegene l now world 's most powerful supercomputer ibm announced today that an ibm bluegene l supercomputer has surpassed nec 's earth simulator in japan to become the world 's most powerful supercomputer.
1			politics	israel	war	democracy	violence	peace	religion	conflict	terrorism			nonviolent protest offers little hope for palestinians jerusalem the arrival in the middle east of arun gandhi, preaching his grandfather mahatma gandhi 's message of love, brotherhood and nonviolence to conflict weary israelis and palestinians, has raised tentative hopes that the bloody conflict may be
1			election	politics	israel	coalition	government	minister	sharon	parliament	party			sharon seeks coalition go ahead israeli pm ariel sharon's likud party is to vote on whether to invite the opposition labour party into the coalition.
4			electronics	battery	electricity	plug	technology	power	energy	industry			tyco to market plug power 's generator plug power inc., a maker of on site power generation systems for commercial and residential dwellings, on tuesday said tyco electronics power systems inc.
4			electronics	computer	manufacturing	china	technology	japan	innovation	competition	industry			digital appliance market heats up over formats japanese electronics makers are engaged in a battle for shares of the new markets for digital home appliances, such as next generation dvds and cutting edge television displays, aware that the winners in the initial stages will likely remain
2			baseball	sport	football	oklahoma	texas			oklahoma moves past miami to no. 2 in bcs the bowl championship series standings college football 's week to week barometer of who 's in line to play for the national title, and who could end up with the remaining berths in major bowls offered another puzzle yesterday with the release of the
4			electronics	computer	television	technology	tv	semiconductor	silicon	intel	linux			intel switches off lcos tv chip intel has decided to cancel its project to develop a liquid crystal on silicon lcos chip that would bring down the cost of rear projection televisions.
4			mobile	device	technology	smartphone	nokia	ios	phone			nokias smartphones nokia unveiled three new megapixel handsets this week in a further move towards its long term bid to take a 40 share of the market.
1			politics	election	controversy	campaign	kerry	candidate	strategy	debate	mccain			debates panel seeks bush, kerry response the commission that proposed three presidential candidate debates says time is running out for the bush and kerry campaigns to agree on details so organizers can finalize their plans.
3			product	trade	trend	price	sale	marketing	market	retailer	pricing	retail			wal mart holds sales view wal mart stores inc. , the world's largest retailer, said on saturday it still anticipates september u.s. sales to be up 2 percent to 4 percent at stores open at least a year.
3			business	acquisition	technology	telecommunication	finance	bankruptcy	money			bellsouth closes sale of some assets bellsouth corp. said thursday it has completed the sale of some if its latin american assets and will use the proceeds to help pay for cingular wireless llc's 41 billion purchase of at wireless services inc.
2			sport	herd	bull	football			will pruett come down on herd now? how many other teams can make news by finishing two a day practices with a bar fight not to mention one in which some thundering herd knucklehead maybe gives a ticket to the festivities to a player on a team they ll be playing next month?
4			job	pay	technology	innovation	hr	education	industry			it pay to rise 10 to 15 through 2007, study says as the economy improves and companies begin to invest more in it projects, demand for senior it workers will help drive double digit salary increases for top techies through 2007, according to a new meta group report.
4			network	mobility	wireless	nokia	technology	siemens	patent	phone			siemens' cordless phones gain access to skype skype technologies sa is teaming with siemens ag to offer cordless phone users the ability to make internet telephony calls, in addition to traditional calls, from their handsets.
4			virus	hacking	software	privacy	technology	encryption	vulnerability	security			winamp security flaw poses new threat we are all used to ie getting a monthly new security bug found, but winamp? in fact, this is not the first security flaw found in the application.
1			politics	america	election	democracy	bush	iraq	strategy	washington	money			bush leads way on campaign trail president bush says better job figures show his policies are working, as a new opinion poll puts him in the lead.
1			politics	election	democrat	congress	business	gov	corruption	republican	money	ethics			congressman pledges to set aside partisanship as c.i.a. chief porter goss pledged to congress today that he would conduct business in a nonpartisan way and would cooperate with lawmakers.
2			baseball	yankee	bat	sport	football	stadium			yankees are powerless, and stadium was, too the big scoreboards at yankee stadium went dark in the seventh inning friday night, not that the yankees were lighting them up, anyway.
4			secure	safety	network	privacy	technology	vulnerability	encryption	protection	security			viral movies possible with realplayer flaw com october 1, 2004, 4:25 pm pt. most it managers won 't question the importance of security, but this priority has been sliding between the third and fourth most important focus for companies.
4			linux	network	data	storage	technology	networking	availability	security	server			products unveiled at storage networking show several storage suppliers are adding to their arsenal of products and technologies aimed at it managers dealing with the explosion of data storage at storage networking world in orlando this week.
3			marketing	ad	competition	advertising	pr	commercial	money	talent			shoptalk: don't tread on me what do you do when you evoke the ire of the ad industry's largest trade organization? you launch an editorial cartoon contest about it, of course. that's what talent zoo, the atlanta based job recruitment and placement specialist for the ad business, did last week after that nasty spat with the 4a's over a column on the talent zoo web site criticizing advertising week.
1			liberty	politics	election	democracy	voting	censorship	freedom			forwarding freedom the free use of the ballot box is the ultimate expression of democracy. we ve had the right so long in this country that, sadly, many of us choose to use the right in a pedestrian, occasional fashion.
4			nothing	privacy	technology	telecom	communication	silence	telecommunication			experts wonder: is telecom dead? cannes, france there was one question on the minds of technology leaders attending the etre conference in cannes on tuesday: 'is telecom dead?'
4			computer	linux	software	microsoft	technology	japan	reliability	windows			advice to microsoft: learn to love linux business guru tells microsoft to invest in linux for handhelds or risk missing out on the next big thing in software sales.
4			electronics	computer	device	manufacturing	chip	software	technology	semiconductor	industry			chip makers set sights on digital video recorders devices seen as good entry point to consumer electronics market.
4			statistics	trend	technology	strategy	research	security	industry			study: information security field to grow steadily the number of cybersecurity professionals is projected to grow at an annual compound rate of nearly 14 percent from now until 2008, according to a study released this week during the computer security institute csi trade show in washington, d.c.
4			network	connectivity	ethernet	privacy	technology	internet	networking	security	reliability			name? intel cto pat gelsinger says the internet must be upgraded with a new layer of capabilities to deal with imminent problems of capacity, security and reliability.
2			baseball	statistics	game	espn	sport	nfl	football	madden	money			all madden, all the time electronic arts, the leading maker of sports video games, signed an exclusive five year contract with the national football league and the nfl players association, deals that will give the
3			business	investment	sale	investing	marketing	growth	finance	profit	money			sainsbury takes profit hit to boost sales sainsbury says it will take a 550 million pound hit to profits this year as it invests to boost sales and reverse falling market share.
4			sci	electronics	device	usb	technology	innovation	sony			sony plans portable blu ray disc drives sony and blue laser diode maker nichia have developed a component that they say is vital to realizing support for blu ray disc and dvd discs in portable devices, they announced this week.
4			linux	business	privacy	technology	hp	patent	industry			briefly: alvarion expands wireless broadband in china roundup plus: .mac customers suffer e mail launches business research group...verbatim to make discs with hp labeling feature.
4			windows	graphic	software	technology	image	color	photography	imaging	industry			corel corporation acquires jasc software corel corporation has expanded its software portfolio with the acquisition of jasc software, which produces the paint shop family of image editing and digital photography programs.
4			battery	computer	game	device	software	technology	marketing	advertising	patent	linux			palmone in partnership with microsoft is this a joke or is it a misleading headline? the answer is neither. it 's for real. palmone, the handheld manufacturers as opposed to palmsource, the operating system company, signed a licensing agreement
2			coaching	success	expectation	win	sport	football	winning	coach	money			weis says winning is bottom line at notre dame charlie weis says his job as notre dame 's new football coach is to raise expectations and win games. it 's as simple as that.
4			mobile	wireless	technology	broadband	nokia	telecommunication	telephone	phone			skype ready for both telephone worlds an adapter made by siemens allows phones to make calls using the internet or the traditional phone network.
3			arm	computer	business	technology	finance	money	security	industry			arm falls 18 on us deal chip designer arm holdings yesterday made its biggest ever acquisition, buying us rival artisan components for $ 913m 502m . but investors balked at the high price and sent its shares crashing more than 18.
4			science	concept	technology	weather	innovation	nasa	idea			feature: a new idea in air quality monitoring combining the assets of nasa and the epa with noaa's weather information is at the heart of a new nasa project called idea: infusing satellite data into environmental air quality applications. idea will improve forecasters' ability to track regional pollution and make air quality forecasts.
3			business	ceo	acquisition	management	executive	company	finance	strategy	merger			ebay reorganizes senior management ebay inc. announced a senior management reorganization thursday, increasing international responsibilities for three executives and underscoring the significance of the company's tremendously profitable paypal division.
4			computer	manufacturing	technology	power	hp	ibm	intel	computing	industry			ibm launches industry consortium for power processors ibm has formed an industry consortium of 15 companies from the software, consumer electronics, automotive and networking industries to open up the process of building power processors.
4			silicon	java	hardware	sunlight	technology	evolution	power	sun	intel	linux			sun unveils ultrasparc iv it will be sun's first chip to be built with a 90 nanometer process technology and it will have a higher clock speed and larger and more flexible memory caches than the current generation of ultrasparc iv processors.
1			politics	money			a promising leader for unc north carolina would be foolish to let erskine bowles disappear into private life. he has far too much to offer the state. though he would have made a fine us senator, maybe it 's just as well that mr.
2			baseball	hockey	soccer	basketball	sport	football	finland	canada			hockey: finland squeeze by spirited germany 2 1 a late goal by mikko eloranta helped finland scrape past germany 2 1 monday in their world cup ice hockey quarter final, sending the finns to the semi finals in north america later this week.
3			revenue	stock	bank	finance	profit	loss	competition	money	banking			wells fargo, u.s. bancorp profits rise wells fargo co. and u.s. bancorp , two of the largest u.s. banks, on tuesday both said third quarter profit rose 12 percent.
4			mobile	device	microsoft	wireless	smartphone	technology	nokia	phone			nokia woos operators, developers with preminet nokia unveiled a system for hosting, delivering and charging for entertainment and application content for mobile phones, at the cellular telecommunications and internet association 's ctia 's wireless it and entertainment conference on monday in san
4			linux	software	technology	company	finance	patent	industry			rightnow technologies posts profit the pioneer in pay to play enterprise software has seen its stock more than double since going public in august.
3			business	revenue	sale	japan	finance	profit	competition	money	industry			ntt docomo says profit declined 6 in first half ntt docomo reported today that its profit fell 6 percent for the most recent six month period from a year earlier as price cutting rivals lured customers away from the company, japan 's top provider of mobile phone service.
2			baseball	safety	basketball	sport	nfl	technology	football	money			brillian blows it component problems meant brillian's new big screens missed the nfl's kickoff party.
4			electricity	electric	efficiency	pollution	technology	power	energy	money			electric plan could hit consumers greater boston businesses and homeowners buckling under soaring gasoline and heating costs could get socked with up to $ 800 million a year in new electric costs under a proposed federal policy change, massachusetts attorney general thomas f. reilly warned yesterday.
4			cable	telecom	technology	communication	telecommunication	ft	carrier	industry			at t boosts 2004 job cuts to 20 percent at t corp. will cut more than 20 percent of its workforce this year, ratcheting up its planned layoffs from a previously estimated target of 8 percent, the long distance telecommunications carrier announced thursday.
4			science	computer	software	technology	robot	nasa	ai	space			nasa software allows satellites to troubleshoot in space nasa scientists recently successfully radioed artificial intelligence ai software to a satellite. they tested the software's ability to find and analyze errors in the spacecraft's systems...
4			device	network	technology	wireless	telecommunication	networking	patent	vendor	industry			vendors, operators strive for simplicity at ctia services and software to be introduced monday at the ctia wireless it entertainment trade show in san francisco are aimed at giving enterprises greater control over their mobile systems and extending mobile data capabilities to more employees.
1			election	politics	choice	option	identity	finance	change	money	education			the choice: how the contenders shape up mark latham 's central pledge is to restore the rungs to his metaphorical ladder of opportunity by giving tax relief and incentive to lower and middle income earners, restoring bulk billing levels, making schools funding fairer and based on need and
4			computer	intel	technology	education	performance	math	apple	silicon	computing	linux			intel clouded by back to school fears intel corp.'s upcoming mid quarter report will be closely watched for signs of weak back to school computer sales, though recent market share gains in memory chips could help offset any softness in computer microprocessor demand.
4			abortion	device	biotechnology	technology	innovation	patent	research	cancer			artificial heart maker seeking ok to sell device after 22 years of experimentation, the maker of the nation 's first self contained artificial heart yesterday asked the federal government for permission to begin
4			electronics	battery	computer	device	car	marketing	technology	consumer			for blackberry users, a new way to write n the annals of consumer electronics, certain devices have proven so compelling, they ve created consumer cults. you know, mac heads.
3			computer	travel	business	privacy	marketing	networking	flying	money			talking heads are catching on as web meetings take off why waste time at the airport and rack up travel expenses when you can hold that business meeting over the internet?
4			computer	wired	network	ethernet	technology	wireless	internet	communication	telecommunication	networking			organizers shun wireless for gop convention network verizon communications ran thousands of miles of cable to build a voip network in madison square garden, while cisco supplied the networking equipment, ibm donated pcs and servers, and microsoft provided desktop and systems software.
2			baseball	statistics	soccer	athletics	sport	football	transfer	mls			major league reshuffling united soccer leagues announced that the organization and its professional teams have restructured the two pro leagues, the a league and pro soccer league, under the usl umbrella to form a new two tiered division.
1			election	politics	democrat	conservative	race	republican	georgia			south carolina senate race surprisingly close democratic state education superintendent inez tenenbaum is giving republicans an unexpectedly tough battle for a u.s. senate seat in conservative south carolina.
3			business	china	technology	marketing	sun	finance	pricing	money	silicon			sun woos wall street with pricing, features before what appeared to be a receptive audience, sun microsystems inc. tuesday fired off a barrage of product promotions, upgrades and service announcements in an attempt to retake its traditional stronghold in the financial community here in new york.
4			computer	technology	communication	information	email	computing			it's time to tap the it barometer reg reader studies your input essential, as ever
2			doping	race	sport	athlete	drug	cycling			around sports tyler hamilton 's title from the athens games is no longer a gold medal in the eyes of the world because of the cyclist 's failed drug test, the head of the world anti doping agency said thursday.
4			electronics	computer	linux	manufacturing	hardware	software	technology	security	industry			pmc sierra lowers forecast with the economy slowly turning up, upgrading hardware has been on businesses radar in the past 12 months as their number two priority.
4			computer	pc	business	technology	microsoft	ibm	pcs	computing	industry			a time line of the ibm pc business dec. 8, 2004 from the introduction of its first pc in 1981 to this week 's sale of its pc business to lenovo of china for about $ 1.75 billion in cash, ibm has had a quite a few milestones in the pc industry.
1			election	politics	e	democracy	voting	technology			e vote critics urge changes to system with less than six weeks to go before the nov. 2 presidential election, voting activists said officials still have time to set up a paper trail as a counterweight to an e voting system they portrayed as wide open to manipulation.
2			baseball	eagle	basketball	sport	nfl	nfc	football	lion			check this out two 2 0 teams, terrell owens and steve mariucci make the eagles lions matchup about as attractive to bay area fans as an early season game not involving the 49ers or raiders can be.
4			mobile	device	mobility	technology	smartphone	nfc	patent	ios	phone			motorola to trial m commerce enabled phones motorola inc. will conduct an m commerce field trial of mobile phones enabled with mastercard paypass and near field communications nfc technology, the company announced tuesday.
4			electronics	computer	device	manufacturing	chip	software	technology	semiconductor	industry			chip makers set sights on digital video recorders devices seen as good entry point to consumer electronics market.
1			politics	election	result	democracy	voting	polling	poll	candidate			hong kong elections matter today residents of hong kong will go to the polls to participate in what remains of its fragmented and suppressed democratic system.
2			baseball	history	statistics	basketball	sport	football	victory	education	rivalry			conquering heroes today's players wouldn't recognize the game. in the 52 years since the concord high football team reeled off a state record 40 consecutive victories, only the winning may be comparable.
4			device	mobility	storage	technology	seo	samsung	intel	linux			samsung samples first 512mbit gddr3 seoul, south korea based samsung electronics co. ltd. has begun shipping a 512mbit gddr2 memory device, one it claims is the most advanced graphics double data rate synchronous dram available.
4			computer	war	wireless	technology	internet	warfare	communication	terrorism	security			us to build wireless network for future warfare the pentagon, which invented the precursor to the internet 40 years ago, has laid the first connections for a secure, wireless information network that proponents say will fundamentally transform warfare, a us newspaper reported.
3			brand	product	price	sale	marketing	company	market	profit	competition			unilever profits caution hits shares unilever shares fell sharply after the household products giant issued a warning over its profits for 2004. the anglo dutch food to detergents group admitted that its leading brands performance in the third quarter would be below that of the second.
1			politics	abortion	wikipedia	election	democracy	voting	internet	debate			e voting research delayed, experts say after nearly 50,000 michigan democrats cast ballots over the internet in february, academics eagerly sought election data that would help them determine what types of people voted online. but scholars around the country complain that they haven't been able to get statistics from the feb. 7 caucus.
4			dos	computer	linux	hardware	technology	os	apple	windows			palmone ponders os options handheld computer maker palmone is considering moves that would take it beyond the operating system that helped make the company a household name.
4			technology	wireless	standard	encryption	spectrum	networking	antenna	ultra			ultra wideband may get wider motorola plans to bring a compromise offer to a berlin meeting to break a standards stalemate.
1			politics	election	israel	democratic	democracy	freedom			after arafat in his press conference last thursday, president bush said people who don 't believe in the applicability of democracy to the arab world cannot really believe in a two state solution to the palestinian conflict with israel.
4			network	connectivity	ethernet	technology	switching	cisco	networking	switch			cisco helps smbs build app ready networks cisco systems inc. continued its push into the small and medium sized business market today with the announcement of new modular switches geared toward smbs.
4			trend	ethernet	technology	broadband	internet	telecommunication	time	networking	speed			pace for wireless number switches quickens the number of u.s. wireless subscribers who are switching providers while keeping their telephone numbers is accelerating, the federal communications commission said on friday.
2			overtime	baseball	hockey	nhl	basketball	soccer	sport	football	player			teams united in desire to wait for players in labor dispute national hockey league teams appeared united in their determination to solve the league's economic problems as the nhl's lockout of players became official on thursday.
4			cable	electricity	television	network	technology	wireless	internet	broadband	telecommunication			broadband use passes dial up just over half of us internet users now connect through broadband, according to a new survey. nielsen netratings reports that in july, 51 percent of internet users had dsl, cable, or other fast
4			electronics	computer	hacking	technology	tech	stanford	security			firefox takes on internet explorer strolling between classes at stanford university in palo alto, calif., blake ross looks like any other bleary eyed sophomore. few would guess that the laptop carrying 19 year old is a tech
1			politics	election	israel	democracy	syria	iran	corruption	terrorism			us blasts lebanese parliament 's extension of presidential term the united states says the lebanese parliament 's decision friday to extend the term of pro syrian president emile lahoud made a crude mockery of democratic principles.
4			network	ethernet	wireless	technology	internet	broadband	networking	intel	linux			intel plots path of wimax san francisco intel predicted three years of solid development in wireless broadband on tuesday, as it showed the first samples of its rosedale 802.
3			share	investor	ceo	investing	shareholder	company	stock	growth	finance	money			citigroup falls on downgrade citigroup inc. shares on monday suffered their biggest one day percentage decline in 18 months after a prominent wall street analyst downgraded the world 's largest
4			computer	cable	privacy	technology	broadband	internet	telecommunication	money	speed			has your broadband had its fiber? alternative form of high speed internet access makes its way to u.s. homes.
3			job	manufacturing	saving	marketing	growth	finance	profit	money			colgate palmolive to cut 4,000 jobs description: colgate palmolive says it will cut more than 4,000 jobs and close a third of its factories worldwide. the company plans to use the savings for advertising and new product development.
4			ibm	business	software	microsoft	technology	oracle	patent	ai	industry			oracle ups its offer and buys peoplesoft for $ 10.3 billion the world's second largest maker of business software was created in the deal, which ended a long and hostile battle.
4			politics	election	computer	hacking	software	technology	microsoft	security	linux			e voting firms reveal software to feds the nation's largest voting machine companies are submitting millions of lines of code to the national software reference library to address sharp criticism from computer scientists about the secret software used in elections.
4			mobile	radio	television	broadband	technology	communication	telecommunication			xm ceo sees satellite radio on cell phones xm satellite radio holdings inc. chief executive officer hugh panero on wednesday said he expected satellite radio and cellphone services to converge within the next five years.
4			computer	linux	hardware	technology	microsoft	apple	intel	security	windows			microsoft passes on itanium microsofts upcoming windows for clustered computers operating system will not support intels powerful intanium 2 chipset according to news.
1			politics	election	australia	coalition	government	democracy	mps	party			nationals eye greater party room power the national party leader in the senate says his party will have more influence now it has delivered the coalition a majority in the senate.
4			windows	product	application	business	microsoft	marketing	technology	industry			peoplesoft offers incentives in a move to retain and attract new customers, peoplesoft has announced a new promotion that includes a free technical upgrade to all users, and a free first quarter of application management services following go live from peoplesoft global services.
3			share	investing	technology	economics	company	stock	finance	patent	industry			stocks climb despite rising oil prices stocks edged higher wednesday despite a lower reading on manufacturing activity and a spike in oil prices. technology shares were unaffected by brokerage downgrades of two semiconductor companies...
4			science	computer	computing	technology	internet	ethics	ibm	research	ai	education			top researchers ask web users to join science grid ibm and top scientific research organizations are joining forces in a humanitarian effort to tap the unused power of millions of computers and help solve complex social problems.
4			mobile	network	mobility	wireless	nokia	technology	phone			palmone extends treo on the high end palmone inc. this week will unveil the treo 650 smart phone, although the phone likely will not be available from carriers until later this fall.
3			asia	india	china	business	technology	company	patent	industry			ge sells india back office unit for 500 mln dlr: business india: new delhi, nov 8 : general electric co., the world 's top conglomerate, today announced that it has sold a majority of its pioneering indian back office unit to two private equity firms for 500 million dollars to help the subsidiary gain
1			election	politics	unity	race	candidate	canada	toronto	leadership			eves, harper call for ontario conservative party to unite behind new leader toronto cp ontario progressive conservative members must unite behind whoever is chosen as their new leader, outgoing leader ernie eves and federal conservative leader stephen harper said as the party awaited the result of its leadership contest saturday.
4			computer	hacking	privacy	technology	torture			do it yourself phishing kits found on the internet, reveals sophos sophos experts have discovered that do it yourself phishing kits are being made available for download free of charge from the internet.
2			boxing	injury	life	retirement	sport	football	retiring	cycling			pinsent calls time on golden career matthew pinsent, the four time olympic gold medallist, confirmed today that he is to retire from the sport as reported in the times yesterday.
4			computer	pc	linux	china	technology	finance	pcs	computing	industry			worldwide pc market is expected to grow the global personal computer market is expected to grow at a modest pace in 2005 as the economic recovery slows, according to a report wednesday by a market research firm.
4			electronics	philip	manufacturing	technology	semiconductor	manufacturer	patent	silicon	industry			as with other chip makers, sales begin to stall at philips signaling a possible wider slowdown in the semiconductor industry, royal philips electronics on friday became the latest company to say that sales had begun to stall.
1			election	politics	democracy	germany	economics	austria	religion	party			schroeder 's party halts slump german chancellor gerhard schroeder 's party has halted an 18 month run of poll disasters by avoiding a fresh slump in local elections on sunday, but will still need to make giant leaps to win a third term in 2006.
4			computer	manufacturing	hardware	technology	economics	innovation	intel	security	linux			for intel, the future has two cores with the economy slowly turning up, upgrading hardware has been on businesses radar in the past 12 months as their number two priority.
4			electronics	computer	hacking	hardware	software	technology	tech	security	linux			voq smartphone arrives in us with the economy slowly turning up, upgrading hardware has been on businesses radar in the past 12 months as their number two priority.
2			coaching	baseball	game	optimism	olympic	olympics	basketball	sport	football	hope			olympic roundup for one game, the united states was its former olympic basketball self on monday afternoon. considering the opponent, winless angola, that shouldn 't be viewed as a strong foundation for optimism as medal play approaches.
2			baseball	soccer	athletics	sport	volleyball	basketball	football	softball	tennis			local teams gear up for tournaments some local women's soccer and field hockey teams are ready to make some noise in the ncaa tournaments.
1			election	politics	democracy	zimbabwe	journalist	corruption	money	politician			new blow for zimbabwe's moyo zimbabwe's controversial information minister looks set to be disappointed in his campaign to become an mp.
2			baseball	basketball	sport	football	strategy	competition			better every week wolverines hold onto high hopes for season it is an all for one, one for all game if ever one existed. the complexity, the speed, the violence all dictate that, and even those who practice the team concept fervently sometimes find it isn 't good enough.
3			business	war	music	marketing	piracy	drug	competition	money	industry			big music anti piracy war news: any lingering doubts as to whether or not the record label cartel has embarked on an all out, across the board war against former clients to bludgeon them into buying product have been dispelled.
4			network	connectivity	ethernet	technology	routing	cisco	telecommunication	networking	patent			in brief: cisco acquires startup bcn systems cisco systems has finalized an agreement to purchase privately held bcn systems, a provider of networking software design. under the terms of the agreement, cisco will pay approximately $ 34 million in cash for bcn. the price could increase by as much as $ 122 million if bcn meets certain development and product milestones. bcn's architecture will be incorporated across cisco's broad routing portfolio and will support cisco's delivery of next generation data, voice, and video services over a converged network.
2			coaching	baseball	retirement	basketball	sport	recruiting	football	coach	money			spurrier wants to return to college ranks steve spurrier wants to return to college coaching.
4			electronics	computer	technology	image	camera	photography			star wars phone plans like the one used in star wars could soon be installed on the high street. boffins in japan claim to have developed technology for image chambers similar
4			linux	java	collaboration	software	enterprise	development	industry			jboss aims high with enterprise middleware system jboss inc. on monday plans to announce its jboss enterprise middleware system, which includes a number of open source projects the company plans to integrate into a single software offering.
4			panda	network	china	technology	internet	communication	telecommunication			panda playground in wolong unwired china 's wolong nature reserve is unwired to aid researchers in the study of the endangered giant panda. a broadband and wireless communications network within china 's wolong
4			mobility	ethernet	wireless	technology	telecommunication	networking	competition	sprint	security			sprint and nextel announce a $ 35 billion merger while the combined company makes a formidable no.3 player in the wireless market, it may be hard pressed to match the firepower of its larger rivals.
3			business	ceo	software	technology	company	oracle	bankruptcy	accounting	industry			oracle 's earnings just top expectations oracle corp. topped wall street 's profit forecast, but the business software maker saw sales of its business applications software slide 36 percent with the reversal of that
4			glass	electronics	computer	hacking	ear	technology	nose			canadian scientist introduces the nose as mouse at long last, the noses of computer users have a purpose beyond holding up eyeglasses and balancing spoons. thanks to a canadian scientist, now you can use your nose to control your computer.
2			britain	england	athletics	sport	athlete	paralympics	paralympic	cycling			live paralympics gold medals in equestrian and archery give britain the perfect start on day nine.
3			share	business	ceo	technology	company	option	stock	finance			cisco doles out 162 million stock options company's distribution includes 1.5 million shares for chief executive john chambers.
4			computer	software	privacy	technology	money	email	security	linux			veritas to buy maker of e mail storage tools in kvault software, veritas is getting the no. 1 maker of e mail retrieval tools, an analyst says.
4			computer	style	art	technology	copyright	design	printing			acceptance letters type design was once the province of skilled artisans. with the help of new computer programs, neophytes have flooded the internet with their creations.
4			competitor	technology	microsoft	strategy	advertising	competition	windows			microsofts new media player 10 rivals itunes its amazing to see what an entrenched monopolist will do when it finally meets real competition. for years, microsoft saw no threat to its windows media player from such
3			business	company	oracle	change	corporation	email	merger			reaction to the peoplesoft oracle merger when internet based companies, especially ones the size of oracle and peoplesoft, announce fundamental changes, responses are usually swift.
4			mobility	connectivity	chip	hardware	technology	apple	intel	linux			gaps in intel itanium, xeon road maps during its bi annual developers forum in san francisco this week, the chipmaker focused on promoting its next generation itanium and xeon processors.
4			wired	network	ethernet	technology	broadband	nokia	wireless	telecommunication	networking			voip support added to wireless wired smb routers wlan equipment vendors linksys and netgear tuesday announced wireless and wired routers with built in voice over ip voip capabilities aimed at home uses and small offices.
2			boxing	injury	doping	athletics	sport	football	athlete	cycling			injured athlete released an athlete from the central african republic is released from the hospital saturday, one day after he was briefly knocked unconscious in an olympic taekwondo bout.
2			baseball	game	television	espn	sport	nfl	football	madden	fifa	ea			madden nfl maker scores exclusive football deal video game publisher electronic arts on monday said it had signed an exclusive agreement with the national football league and the marketing arm of its players union, giving ea the sole rights to put nfl players, stadiums and teams in its games.
4			patent	telecommunication	technology	business			make the case: business case template for voice over internet ... voice over internet protocol voip is one benefit of the convergence between data and telecommunications. companies today are seeing the value of transporting voice over ip networks to reduce telephone and
4			computer	technology	power	acceleration	speed	intel	computing	linux			intel 's centrino gets speed tweak yesterday, intel took the wraps off of a speedier version of its pentium m, the heart of the company 's wireless notebook platform for unwired professionals, aka centrino.
2			baseball	statistics	basketball	sport	football	pitching	stats	batting			whistling straits proves it's major league whistling straits has received magnificent reviews during the p.g.a. championship, which is currently in a three man playoff between justin leonard, vijay singh and chris dimarco.
1			election	america	politics	democracy	clinton	washington	money			clinton gets hearty campaign 'welcome back' former u.s. president bill clinton, just seven weeks after heart surgery, received a rousing welcome back to the campaign trail on monday at a rally to rev up core democratic support before next week's election.
3			listing	trading	share	investor	price	company	option	stock	security			nz stocks: down time listings hold some interest between results and annual meetings the nzx is keeping investors interested with a small flurry of listings over the week ahead.
4			network	ethernet	cellular	technology	wireless	patent	intel	linux			intel, clearwire to work on wimax together intel corp. will work with clearwire corp., a wireless internet service provider founded by cellular pioneer craig mccaw, on future networks based on wimax wireless broadband technology.
4			computer	electricity	network	technology	internet	power	energy	light	networking			light based net may mean blazing connections if as einstein proclaimed nothing can travel faster than the speed of light, then a supercharged internet based entirely on light might be a great way to move mounting reams of digital data.
1			politics	america	election	washington	finance	terrorism	money			wall street plays party host the republican national convention, which opens monday at madison square garden in midtown manhattan, is being bankrolled and feted to an extraordinary degree by the financial services behemoths that are concentrated at the island's southern tip.
3			business	investing	privacy	company	google	money			google faces challenge of public company status your name is synonymous with searching the internet, and you've just raised roughly 1.7 billion from investors by going public. what are you going to do now?
4			mobile	trend	technology	nokia	industry			idc: mobile phone market growth to slow down in 2005 the global mobile phone market is expected to see a slow down in market growth due to the lack of additional catalysts, us high tech market research firm idc warned on tuesday.
3			revenue	company	stock	loss	profit	finance	bankruptcy	accounting	money			bear stearns profit falls brokerage bear stearns companies on wednesday said quarterly profit fell 10 percent hurt by lower investment banking revenue and higher expenses.
1			election	nigeria	politics	cameroon	result	democracy	voting	religion	africa			cameroon votes for leader cameroonians start to vote in presidential elections, marred by allegations of fraud and apathy.
4			windows	electronics	computer	programming	privacy	technology	software	car	linux			programs: a checklist for tuning up your pc you change the oil in your car every 5,000 miles or so. you clean your house every week or two. your pc needs regular maintenance as well especially if you're using windows and you spend a lot of time on the internet.
3			politics	news	trade	business	technology	strategy	finance	change			protection key to news us move the news corporation ltd could probably satisfy most of the corporate governance criticisms relating to its proposed move to the us by simply formally adopting its previously stated intentions.
3			share	acquisition	shareholder	company	stock	spencer	competition	money	merger			m s starts share buyback marks spencer begins buying back more than a quarter of its shares in a move that will return 2.3bn $ 4.2bn to shareholders.
1			election	politics	history	race	bush	kerry	strategy	republican			summary: momentum key in 2004 election the issue: while the race for the presidency is now a virtual dead heat between president bush and democrat john kerry, on election day it could turn into a landslide.
1			politics	violence	democracy	terrorism	africa	racism			immoral, unjust, oppressive dictatorship. . and then there 's ... robert mugabes government is pushing through legislation designed to prevent human rights organisations from operating in zimbabwe.
2			coaching	statistics	athletics	sport	football	coach	finance	money	education			sport funding major boon to coaches the coaches of high performance athletes will benefit the most from the federal government 's announcement yesterday of how it will divide up $ 19.
1			politics	terrorism	torture			deposed yugoslav president milosevic to open defence at war crimes ... deposed yugoslav president slobodan milosevic is scheduled to open his defence case at war crimes tribunal tuesday after months of delays due to his frail health.
2			coaching	baseball	hockey	statistics	minnesota	espn	basketball	sport	detroit	stats			kevin garnett scores 26 points as the timberwolves beat memphis ... the minnesota timberwolves finally had some fun at the expense of a team going through a coaching change. lionel hollins lost his debut as interim coach of the grizzlies, with kevin garnett
1			election	politics	war	democracy	iraq			iraq 's prime minister vows to stick to election timetable despite ... iraq 's interim prime minister declared sunday that january elections would be held on schedule and asserted that american and iraqi government troops were winning the war against an increasingly bold insurgency.
2			boxing	baseball	television	espn	sport	football	tv	wrestling			the naked truth about pro sports, television the term throwing in the towel takes on new meaning this week, thanks again to televisions continuing creative contribution to sport.
4			electronics	computer	business	manufacturing	technology	marketing	innovation	hp	patent			hp will power 5,300 7 elevens hp technology helps us to differentiate ourselves from other retailers in the way we run our stores, select and distribute products, work with suppliers, serve customers and communicate
3			rating	business	revenue	sale	marketing	profit	finance	competition	industry			corrected: siebel sees sales topping street business software maker siebel systems inc. on monday said third quarter revenue would beat wall street estimates, driven by a rebound in licensing revenue, sending its shares up 14 percent.
2			coaching	baseball	espn	basketball	sport	football	coach	quarterback	win			it 's over for dls gridmen the longest winning streak in high school football history came to a crushing end late saturday night. de la salle high school, which had fashioned 12 consecutive undefeated
4			computer	hardware	technology	power	performance	energy	hp	intel	linux			amd improved opterons with powernow feature amd 's opteron processors will soon be able to take advantage of the same powermanagement technology the company has already built into its desktop and laptop processors.
2			medal	doping	olympic	olympics	sport	athlete	competition	gymnastics			usoc rejects call for hamm to return gold us olympic officials friday rejected as deplorable a suggestion by the international gymnastics federation that mens all around individual champion paul hamm
4			computer	hacking	technology	microsoft	fraud	pcs	email	security			computer screen upgrade crashes uk government network a computer screen upgrade has crashed 80,000 government terminals at the department for work and pensions in the uk. eds and microsoft nasdaq: msft were blamed.
3			competition	merger	technology	business			verizon ads aim at new merger just merged cingular at ... the purchase of at wireless of redmond by cingular wireless is just a few weeks old, but already the merged company is under attack from its biggest rival, verizon wireless, which is trying
2			baseball	miami	race	sport	football	player	williams	dolphin	tracy			report: dolphins win grievance against williams former dolphins running back ricky williams was ordered by an arbitrator friday to pay a huge sum of money to miami, which filed a grievance against the star after he retired just prior to training camp this season.
4			electronics	computer	mobility	technology	nokia	intel	computing	linux			intel korea unveils newest pentium 4 intel korea on tuesday released the mobile intel pentium 4 processor 548, which targets the personal laptop computer market. the central processing unit can operate multi media programs that need a high performance capacity, explained the company.
2			coaching	baseball	statistics	basketball	sport	recruiting	football	washington			gilbertson to step down after the season university of washington head football coach keith gilbertson will step down at the end of the 2004 season.
4			processor	electronics	chip	intel	technology	performance	silicon	linux			intel releases new leader of pentium m pack chipmaker follows recent price cuts to the pentium m line with a new top of the range model that runs at 2.10ghz.
4			electronics	radio	interference	technology	power	fcc	spectrum			fcc approves nextel spectrum swap the fcc has voted to approve a spectrum swap for nextel to keep emergency radio spectrum clean from interference. we let you know that it was likely to be approved, as late as yesterday.
3			business	trend	sale	loss	finance	profit	competition	money	monday			krispy kreme posts loss, stock off 16 pct krispy kreme doughnuts inc. kkd.n: quote, profile, research on monday reported a quarterly loss due to store closings and sluggish sales, sending its stock down 16 percent.
4			network	technology	ip	communication	telecommunication	signaling	networking	patent			verisign offers voip signaling verisign inc said yesterday that it is now offering voice over ip service providers with access to its ss7 signaling network, allowing them to outsource the process of connecting their networks to regular telecommunications carriers.
4			computer	connectivity	privacy	storage	usb	technology	networking	silicon	linux			hitachi and intel join on mobile phone drives hitachi global storage technologies inc. hgst and intel corp. are pushing the development of an interface technology that they hope will smooth the adoption of compact hard disk drives hdds into mobile phones, personal digital assistants pdas and digital music players, the companies said on friday.
4			computer	privacy	technology	internet	google	email	im			will google say hello to im? google watchers abuzz about the search darling 's new desktop tool are already betting on its next product: instant chat. such speculation isn 't new, but it 's gained legs as some intriguing facts have come to light this week.
4			mobile	microsoft	technology	smartphone	nokia	phone			nokia makes inroads into land rover nokia has created communication system that integrates mobile phone functions with the on board system in land rover vehicles. the product dubbed, personal telephone integration, was developed specifically
4			hacking	privacy	technology	encryption	vulnerability	google	security			gmail security flaw discovered a security hole in google 's gmail service, which reportedly made it easy for hackers to access users e mail, has been corrected, google says.
4			ibm	application	manufacturing	technology	microsoft	hp	patent	industry			ibm renews vows to mainframe ibm shored up commitment to its mainframe computing platform thursday with a series of new technologies, investments in emerging markets, new industry focused solutions, and new partnerships.
3			network	price	sale	market	telecommunication	loss	competition	industry			nortel warns of weaker sales nortel networks corp. on thursday warned that third quarter sales will fall below its second quarter and that full year 2004 revenues at north america's largest telecom equipment maker will lag the overall sector.
4			application	collaboration	software	programming	technology	networking	linux			volunteers sought for mozilla preview push com september 14, 2004, 11:36 am pt. this fourth priority 's main focus has been improving or obtaining crm and erp software for the past year and a half.
4			device	mobility	privacy	technology	wireless	vision	sprint	windows			sprint phone boosts data capacity company will begin selling the vision smart device ppc 6601, a combination cell phone and pocket pc device with a slide out keyboard.
4			electronics	business	manufacturing	technology	semiconductor	patent	silicon	security	industry			toshiba intente une action en justice contre hynix semiconductor ... tokyo business wire nov. 8, 2004 toshiba corporation a annonc ce jour qu elle intentait un procs hynix semiconductor au japon et aux etats unis pour contrefaon des brevets relatifs aux mmoires semiconducteurs.
4			computer	pc	business	microsoft	technology	bankruptcy	ibm	security	industry			ibm details pc unit's financial woes the business racked up nearly 1 billion in losses since 2001.
4			wikipedia	application	web	technology	patent			webex, genesys enhance conferencing services two web conferencing service providers, webex and genesys conferencing, separately are updating their applications to offer more features.
4			electronics	computer	wired	network	connectivity	privacy	technology	internet	networking			future tech: the internet reloaded in a few years, every new electronics device will likely have a network address.
4			device	mobility	detail	hardware	technology	via	linux			via's upcoming processor to be called c7 via technologies inc.'s next generation of desktop microprocessors, based on the esther processor core, will be called c7, the company said thursday. mobile versions of the chip will be called c7 m.
1			politics	abortion	controversy	election	violence	democracy	ohio	debate	republican			nearly a month later, ohio fight goes on nearly a month after john kerry conceded ohio to president bush, complaints and challenges about the balloting are mounting as activists including the rev. jesse jackson demand closer scrutiny to ensure the votes are being counted on the up and up.
3			job	employee	ceo	technology	company	profit	corporation	money	security			nortel will cut workforce by 10 percent nortel networks corp. said thursday it will slash its workforce by 3,500, or 10 percent, as it struggles to recover from an accounting scandal that toppled three top executives and led to a criminal investigation and lawsuits.
4			technology	image	film	sensor	camera	photography	imaging	industry			kodak, ibm see eye to eye on new image sensors eastman kodak company and ibm will work together to develop and manufacture image sensors used in such consumer products as digital still cameras and camera phones.
4			electronics	taiwan	india	china	manufacturing	chip	technology	semiconductor	silicon	industry			amd signs foundry for 64 bit cpu production amd is to outsource amd64 processor production or at least a portion of it the chip maker announced today. the move is one part of a larger deal struck with singapore 's chartered semiconductor manufacturing
4			technology	company	tech	cisco	ft	dow	ibm	industry			dow slips, nasdaq, s p 500 flat the blue chip dow average declined slightly, while the nasdaq and the s p 500 were little changed on tuesday as investors waited for an expected quarter point hike in u.s. interest rates and results from technology bellwether cisco systems inc.
4			hacking	network	privacy	broadband	technology	internet	telecommunication	consumer	phone			at t, vonage slash net telephony rates the internet phone service providers try to win over consumers who now have a host of options when it comes to making calls.
3			business	acquisition	sale	technology	company	telecommunication	ft	industry			l 3 earnings rise on strong sales growth defense electronics contractor l 3 communications holding inc. 's earnings jumped 35 percent in the third quarter on strong sales growth across most of its business lines.
4			trend	investing	technology	company	tech	strategy	finance	industry			techs build on friday 's gains tech stocks rallied anew monday, with the nasdaq closing just shy of its session high, as investors sought bargains in the beaten up sector for the second straight session.
4			virus	hacking	technology	internet	email	security	im			industry group forms to track and thwart im threats a group of internet security and instant messaging im providers have teamed up to detect and thwart the growing threat of im and peer to peer p to p viruses and worms, they said tuesday.
4			electronics	battery	television	standard	technology	tv	tube	silicon			slimmer tube tvs to challenge flat panels television makers say 16 inch thick tube sets will arrive next year at a fraction of the price of thin rivals.
3			trade	europe	sale	competitor	price	marketing	competition	industry			unilever sales decline accelerates on competition unilever, the maker of lipton tea and dove soap, said its sales decline accelerated in the third quarter as demand in western europe fell and competitors cut prices.
4			wikipedia	software	technology	innovation	change	linux			paris govt. offices slowly switching to open source software local government offices in the french capital will be moving to open source software, but they ll be doing it slowly. an independent study showed that a switch to open source would cause significant
2			coaching	baseball	michigan	basketball	sport	football			georgia tech 99, michigan 68: harris, horton off kilter in ... the humiliation of unranked michigan at the hands of no. 4 georgia tech on tuesday night requires no other description. the yellow jackets used a 20 0 run less than eight minutes into the game
4			mobile	network	cellular	telecom	broadband	wireless	technology	telecommunication	patent	carrier			verizon wireless to buy nextwave licenses verizon wireless is buying cellular capacity for 23 markets from bankrupt nextwave telecom inc. for 3 billion, ending the government's long tug of war over the never used licenses and bolstering verizon against a big new rival created by the merger of cingular wireless and at wireless.
3			politics	business	power	greed	money			market leader he may just be a mild mannered supermarket boss with a folksy midwestern manner. but the store is wal mart, the biggest. and vanity fair just voted him the world 's most powerful man.
4			mobile	mobility	cellular	technology	broadband	internet	telecommunication	sprint			mediacom will offer sprint service mediacom customers in the quad cities soon will be able to add home telephone service to the television subscription and high speed internet services already available from the company.
1			politics	election	beijing	revolution	protest	democracy	china	corruption	religion	terrorism			chinese police round up petitioners as party meeting enters third day police have rounded up more than 300 people from a squatter area in southern beijing where petitioners from all over china have been staying as a key communist party meeting convened for a third day saturday, witnesses say.
4			revenue	network	trend	sale	technology	telecommunication	growth	competition	industry			nortel warns of weaker sales retreating from an upbeat forecast it made just last month, nortel networks corp. on thursday warned that third quarter sales will fall below its second quarter and 2004 revenue growth at north america's largest telecom equipment maker will lag the sector.
4			security	computer	hacking	privacy	technology	fraud	terrorism	pcs	surveillance			unprotected pcs can be hijacked in minutes and doing nothing else xposes your pc to non stop, automated break in attempts by intruders looking to take control of your machine surreptitiously.
4			itunes	music	technology	internet	online			msn music vs itunes news: it isn 't much, but it 's all there is for the corporate e music community anyway. real world music lovers swap and share music online in their billions quite literally as they wait for
2			baseball	australia	rugby	basketball	sport	football	cricket	tennis			rugby: australia win tri nations a rampant australia thrash great britain at elland road to win the tri nations trophy.
2			coaching	baseball	history	basketball	sport	recruiting	football	coach			bc high drops cotter home finale for many coaches, their last home game after 41 years on the job would be an emotionally charged event that becomes bigger than the game.
4			computer	hardware	intel	technology	performance	hp	pcs	silicon	computing	linux			intel seeks higher performance from cheap desktops a new chipset offers high end features for less cash, an effort to spark pc makers to update their low price offerings.
4			wired	network	ethernet	telecom	broadband	internet	tech	technology			tech briefs the city of seattle, which is considering building a municipally owned high speed internet network, has named a task force to study proposals that include a wi fi, wimax, cable or fiber optic system.
4			computer	device	java	mobility	technology	networking	ibm	computing	linux			amd drives mobility to acer ferrari notebook the new mobile amd athlon 64 processor 3000 for thin and light notebooks enables a powerful 32 bit computing experience today with a seamless transition to 64 bit computing.
2			baseball	espn	sport	football	money			ivan could put marlins vs. expos at the cell while the white sox are in the midst of their last off day of the season monday, their stadium might get a full workout.
4			manufacturing	technology	storage	loss	bankruptcy	money	security	industry			national semi warns on buildup the inventory correction claimed another victim late monday as national semiconductor nsm:nyse news research said that second quarter revenue would decline by nearly 20, about twice the amount it had expected.
3			business	technology	company	stock	growth	profit	corporation	competition	money			the fool's look ahead it will be a short trading week, but that is probably the best reason to take a long, hard look at some of the companies that will be in the news.
2			coaching	baseball	history	giant	espn	sport	nfl	football			giants starting over with new coach tom coughlin's first season with the new york giants might be very similar to his start with the expansion jacksonville jaguars.
4			windows	application	device	hardware	technology	microsoft	security	linux			microsoft rolls out embedded windows xp hoping to whet the appetite of developers specializing in mobile and embedded devices, microsoft on monday made available a free technology preview of windows xp embedded containing service pack 2 sp2 that it expects to deliver by year's end.
4			technology	company	growth	advertising	analytics	google	money			google's earnings more than double web search provider google inc., posting its first financial results as a public company, yesterday said its third quarter earnings and revenues both more than doubled from a year ago on the strength of an online advertising boom that continues to gather steam.
4			device	software	usb	storage	technology	networking	samsung	security	linux			briefly: logiclibrary buys bug catcher roundup plus: think local, act google...sandisk to supply samsung with minisd...hitachi unleashes 100gb notebook drives.
4			processor	computer	hardware	technology	performance	networking	intel	linux			intel boards a faster bus new pentium 4 extreme edition processor will be available in a high end pc from dell. intel is expected to release a faster version of its powerful but expensive pentium 4 extreme edition processor this week
1			politics	election	beijing	government	democracy	china	corruption	money			critics debunk china 's communist party 's plan to build up its ... beijing: china 's ruling communist party has issued a lengthy policy paper on way to reverse its waning popular support, citing corruption and hostile forces as issues that could end its 55 year grip on power.
4			network	privacy	technology	telecommunication	networking	email	security			deja vu at at at nyse: t is without a doubt facing many challenges to its business, and therefore, it 's been looking at some burgeoning areas for growth, like voice over internet protocol voip .
4			computer	business	privacy	broadband	technology	internet	networking	money	speed			high speed internet shouldn 't be delayed back in the go go days of the tech boom, there was a lot of talk about fast internet connections enabling consumers to do all manner of useful and fun things, from online banking to viewing movies online. well, guess what? despite the following tech bust, ...
3			trading	china	microsoft	company	stock	market	finance	competition	security			stocks seen flat as microsoft weighs u.s. stock futures fell slightly on friday, indicating stocks would open little changed, as wall street weighed climbing oil prices and a disappointing revenue outlook from software maker microsoft corp.
4			wired	network	technology	broadband	wireless	communication	networking	email			wireless companies chat up teens, young adults the wireless industry, not content with getting corporate executives addicted to e mail on the go, is setting its sights on the instant messaging generation.
2			baseball	sport	yankee			yankees withdraw forfeit request, game rescheduled as part of ... the new york yankees withdrew tuesday their request that a postponed game with the tampa bay devil rays be forfeited, and major league baseball announced the game would be made up as part of a doubleheader wednesday.
4			mobile	network	connectivity	ethernet	technology	wireless	telecommunication	networking	vendor	security			analyst sees cingular awarding deal soon prudential equity group on friday said cingular wireless has made a decision on which vendors it will use for the deployment of its next generation wireless network, with ericsson and lucent technologies inc. likely the biggest beneficiaries.
3			success	business	marketing	entertainment	bankruptcy	ride	gambling	industry			ride this gem amusement park operators have produced volatile results, but this company has stood the test of time.
2			baseball	retirement	sport	football	retire	retiring	retired			ricky williams will remain retired former miami dolphins running back ricky williams will remain retired after declining the
3			acquisition	business	investing	technology	marketing	strategy	advertising			building ebay businesses scot wingo, author of ebay strategies: 10 proven methods to maximize your ebay business, will answer reader questions about the online marketplace. wingo is president and chief executive of channeladvisor, an ebay consignment franchise.
3			statistics	rand	business	manufacturing	company	stock	finance	bankruptcy	corporation	industry			ingersoll rand 3q profit surges 54 percent ingersoll rand co. on thursday said third quarter profit jumped 54 percent, as revenue increased and the company sold assets as part of its transformation into a diversified industrial company.
2			coaching	baseball	basketball	athletics	sport	football	scheduling	softball	tennis			a tough playoff draw for unh the university of new hampshire football team is going dancing the wildcats will be playing in the ncaa division 1 aa playoffs for the first time since 1994.
4			patent	technology	wireless			intellisync to give push e mail capability for low cost phones the wireless airwaves may get a bit more crowded next year following the announcement that intellisync's goanywhere technology, unveiled this week, will give users of low cost feature phones the same push e mail capability that is now only available on pricier smart phones.
3			business	sale	loss	profit	growth	risk	competition	money			kroger profit falls, warns on sales kroger co. on tuesday posted a 25 percent drop in quarterly profit and warned it may miss a key 2004 sales target because of lingering woes from a southern california strike, sending its shares down sharply.
4			hacking	software	privacy	technology	vulnerability	encryption	strategy	security			symantec to buy veritas software in deal worth $ 13.5 billion symantec, a leader in security software, will acquire veritas, a maker of data storage programs, to create the world's fourth largest software company.
4			computer	linux	storage	machine	networking	ibm	computing	server			ibm 'stirs up the field with p5 servers in a move which industry watchers predict will stir up the high end computing market, ibm today introduced three servers based on its latest power5 processor architecture: the eserver i5 595, p5 595 and p5 590.
4			application	java	software	microsoft	technology	automation	system	ibm			ibm expands isv programs ibm is expanding the number of third part companies that can tap into its isv partner support programs. an automated application system makes it easier for application software vendors to take
4			mobile	network	mobility	wireless	broadband	nokia	technology	telecom	telecommunication			new zealand 3g network launched the t3g upgrade of telecom 's nationwide mobile network cost 40 million new zealand dollars us $ 28 million and took about four months to build, the company says.
3			success	failure	business	recovery	greed	fraud	bankruptcy	competition	money			houston: enron ceo 's company submits bill for $ 25 million bonus the price of success is $ 25 million, according to a filing friday by the corporate rescue company of enron corp. 's interim chief executive.
2			coaching	baseball	florida	sport	football	texas	georgia			memo to florida: call spurrier here 's an obvious word of advice to florida athletic director jeremy foley as he kicks off another search for the gators football coach: get steve spurrier on board.
3			insurance	business	ceo	accounting	finance	bankruptcy	corporation	risk	money	industry			under fire, ca pledges to right its ship facing palatable shareholder anger, top executives of computer associates international pledged wednesday to add 150 new employees to aid its channel efforts and to overcome distractions created by the accounting scandal that continues to haunt the company
2			boxing	doping	nutrition	athletics	sport	athlete	drug	cycling			doping casts shadow over olympics again doping cast its sleazy shadow over the olympics again when it was announced on thursday that five weightlifters had tested positive for performance enhancing drugs.
2			coaching	baseball	injury	statistics	sport	defense	football	coach			injuries, inexperience plaguing niners only a truly dismal defensive effort could distract a coach from an offense that went seven quarters without a score in the last two games.
4			mobile	device	mobility	wireless	nokia	smartphone	technology	telecommunication	phone			first verizon, sprint 3g phone plans emerge samsung electronics will provide 3g capable phones that work over verizon wireless and sprint 's emerging 1xev do cellular data networks starting in the first quarter
4			electronics	battery	computer	wireless	technology	samsung			samsung q30 ultra portable notebook review very thin, very light but totally desirable?
1			politics	abortion	election	history	voting	arizona	voter	education			early voting begins at eight locations forget those flashbacks of hanging, dimpled or pregnant chads from the 2000 presidential election debacle that plagued palm beach county voters.
2			coaching	medal	doping	olympics	athletics	sport	athlete	competition	gymnastics			gymnastics group asks hamm to give up gold gymnastics officials asked paul hamm to give up his gold medal as the ultimate show of sportsmanship, but the u.s.o.c. told them to take responsibility for their own mistakes.
4			java	technology	storage	networking	availability	security	linux			hitachi 's newest array pools 32 petabytes of virtual storage hitachi data systems, sun microsystems, and hewlett packard this week are trying to leapfrog emc for enterprise class storage leadership using pretty much the same product hds 's new tagmastore universal storage platform.
4			computer	business	privacy	technology	finance	strategy	email	security	industry			report: symantec in talks with veritas symantec corp. 's reported interest in acquiring veritas software corp. for more than $ 13 billion would represent the computer security giant 's biggest step yet beyond its core businesses
4			electronics	radio	network	wireless	nokia	technology	telecommunication	equipment	networking			docomo tests 4g equipment ntt docomo has successfully completed a high speed packet transmission with 1gb s data rate in the downlink using the 4g mobile communication radio access equipment, the company reports.
1			politics	democracy	chaos	car	corruption	greed	change	money			in georgia, transformation isn't fast enough for some the old white zhiguli fairly flew down the highway, skimming precariously over the potholes as garri nersesov clutched the wheel and declared victory in the war on corruption.
3			trading	share	trade	business	investing	technology	company	stock	finance	industry			business briefs stocks were mixed in quiet trading monday, with blue chip and tech shares rising only modestly despite lower oil prices and several mergers and acquisitions, including wm.
4			automobile	electronics	wheel	car	technology	vehicle	speed			hot wheels hit the road it's cute, tiny and plastic. the kids love it. it also gets 70 miles per gallon, and you can fit three in a single parking spot. move over, mini: the smart microcar could be the next big thing on america's roads. by douglas mcgray from wired magazine.
1			politics	election	e	issue	voting	technology	problem	internet			e voting states brace for problems nearly 30 percent of u.s. voters will cast their 2004 ballots electronically.
1			politics	intelligence	democracy	accountability	corruption	power	washington	money			bush backs budget authority for new intelligence post president bush shifted his stance today on how much power a new national intelligence director should have.
4			device	palm	technology	apple	linux			new palm system targets smart phones palmsource inc. has finally answered the smart phone call. the maker of palm operating systems for handheld computers plans to introduce tuesday its first version designed specifically for so called smart phones.
4			industry	product	application	linux	microsoft	technology	apple	windows			microsoft readies media center updates updated os, new consumer products expected to be introduced next month.
3			investing	technology	company	tech	stock	growth	finance	dow	money			tech stocks withstand downgrades as blue chips wilt us stocks ended mixed today as only the tech heavy nasdaq managed to make gains in the face of higher crude oil prices and a rash of broker downgrades targeting some high profile dow shares.
1			politics	abortion	controversy	election	democrat	religion	debate	republican			house blocks court on pledge case rulings the house passed legislation thursday that would prevent the supreme court from ruling on whether the words under god should be stricken from the pledge of allegiance. in a politically and emotionally charged debate, democrats said majority republicans in the chamber were debasing the constitution in order to force a vote that could hurt democrats in the election...
4			virus	hacking	software	privacy	technology	email	security	linux			mcafee adds managed e mail protection new service offers spam, virus filtering for small and mid sized businesses.
2			politics	game	olympics	sport	athlete	journalism	competition	ethics	media			you're athletes, not journalists olympians can do media interviews but they'd better not blog. the international olympic committee, interested in protecting lucrative broadcasting contracts, forbids any activity that might upset the networks.
4			cyber	computer	hacking	privacy	technology	terrorism	security			cyber security to get higher profile leader homeland security secretary tom ridge said yesterday that the role of overseeing computer security and the internet should have a higher profile at the agency, in the face of increasing concern
1			election	politics	voting	california	polling	ca	poll	alternative			'ranked choice voting' debuts in calif. in a change that could give new meaning to direct democracy, san franciscans will soon cast ballots listing their first, second and third place choices for municipal offices under a new ranked choice voting system that would eliminate separate run off elections.
1			politics	election	putin	democracy	russia	terrorism	privatization			putin 's new deal for russia is russia giving up on democracy? russian president vladimir putin certainly seems to be suggesting that possibility. he introduced a plan that would restrict elections in russia and would radically restructure
4			competitor	technology	marketing	google	innovation	advertising	competition	email			is there a future for the 1gig email services? we all remember april 1st when google announced its new gmail web mail service with an overwhelming 1gig storage space. their mere announcement brought a new wave of 1gig web mail services such as walla , spymac and more. since they don't charge for the service, their plan is to profit from advertisement revenue stream. it's been 6 month now, and gmail is still in beta stage and many competitors are joining the scene on an almost daily basis.
4			mobile	battery	technology	nokia	competition	ios	phone			vodafone 's new handsets to beat rivals vodafone has increased the competition ahead of christmas with plans to launch 10 handsets before the festive season. the newbury based group said it will begin selling the phones in november.
4			politics	science	genetics	biotechnology	technology	growth	innovation	health	research	cancer			for mass. biotech, a boost in stature the massachusetts biotechnology council's recent track record on beacon hill is the envy of most other industry lobbies. on issues from blocking drug price control efforts to state funding for job training, the council has successfully persuaded the democrat controlled legislature and republican governor mitt romney to vote its way.
4			statistics	revenue	network	trend	technology	telecommunication			cingular: subscriber, revenue rise, but operating profit dip atlanta cingular wireless reports a rise in subscribers and revenue, but a drop in operating profit ahead of the expected closing of its 41 b billion dollar purchase of at and t wireless services.
1			politics	abortion	controversy	election	democrat	debate	republican			house defeats gay marriage ban amendment the republican controlled house emphatically defeated a constitutional amendment banning gay marriage thursday, the latest in a string of conservative pet causes pushed to a vote by gop leaders in the run up to election day. the vote was 227 186, far short of the two thirds needed for approval on a measure that president bush backed but the senate had previously rejected...
3			revenue	price	sale	loss	profit	productivity	competition	money	industry			nokia says profit will keep falling as prices drop nokia oyj, the world 's largest mobile phone maker, said profit may drop for a second straight quarter after reporting a 20 percent decline in third quarter earnings as it cut prices in a bid to regain market share.
4			electronics	pc	computer	linux	gaming	technology	pcs	computing	windows			microsoft gets comfy in the living room one of the past snags in gaining acceptance of pc components in couch potato hq has been the difficulty of integrating them into a home entertainment network.
4			bmw	electronics	device	technology	nokia	siemens	phone			cell phone defect could cause hearing damage siemens on thursday warned users of its 65 series cell phones that a bug in the devices software could cause hearing damage. the problem affects siemens c65, cx65, m65, s65, and sl65 as well the cv65, ct65, cxv65, and cxt65, the company said.
1			politics	revolution	war	democracy	violence	terrorism	security			ivory coast loyalists in standoff thousands of government loyalists massed outside the home of the president yesterday, facing off against french armored vehicles in response to urgent appeals for a ''human shield around the hard line leader, amid fears of an overthrow.
2			baseball	cleveland	miami	retirement	basketball	sport	heat	football			haslem, wade power miami heat tampa ever since alonzo mourning 's devastating revelation of kidney illness in september 2000, the heat has been more than aware of life without a dominant big man.
2			medal	doping	olympics	judo	athletics	sport	athlete	tennis	gymnastics			hamm defends gold medal in court olympic gymnastics champion paul hamm has appeared before the court of arbitration for sport in lausanne in a bid to retain the gold medal he won in the mens all round competition in athens.
2			coaching	boxing	england	bolton	soccer	sport	football	fifa	racism			football: diouf on spitting charge the fa charges bolton's el hadji diouf with improper conduct after he spat at portsmouth's arjan de zeeuw.
4			investing	technology	company	finance	google			google ipo and effect on venture capital industry google ipo and effect on venture capital industry will the google ipo have any impact on the venture capital market? fundingpost surveyed 32 venture capitalists and angel investors for their opinions. fundingpost is happy to share these responses from leading venture investors as it should help guide ceos of ...
4			science	computer	technology	evolution	flight	brain	flying	physics			flying by brain garabito writes scientists at the university of florida made a living brain by extracting 25,000 neurons from a rat 's brain and culturing them inside a glass dish.
3			ceo	company	restructuring	finance	strategy	bankruptcy	change	industry			iomega backs away from dct, cuts jobs iomega corp. will cut its workforce by 25 percent and end development of its dct digital capture technology product line in a restructuring aimed at cutting costs and returning to profitability, the company announced thursday.
4			wireless	technology	internet	broadband	telecommunication	speed	education			understanding broadband ready to upgrade? ready to upgrade? are you ready to upgrade your residential service to dsl or business service to real broadband or t1? well, the answer lies in what you need. before you can realize your needs, you must understand more of what the word broadband really means. below i ...
3			ge	business	technology	fire	bankruptcy	research	efficiency	industry			update 3 ge to buy spx fire detection unit for $ 1.4 bln general electric co. ge.n: quote, profile, research on monday said it would buy a fire detection systems business from spx corp.
3			computer	business	ceo	privacy	technology	company	corporation	money	email	security			ca 's cron to remain interim ceo don 't expect ken cron to become ceo of computer associates international. at least, not anytime soon. cron, currently ca 's interim ceo, will likely retain that status after the company 's annual stockholders
4			network	telecom	technology	internet	telecommunication	networking	bt			nortel wins us $ 5m contract for bt 10,000 worker virtual call ... bt group plc has awarded a contract worth $ 5 million us to nortel networks for voice over internet technology designed to link almost 10,000 agents into a so called virtual contact centre.
3			internet	entrepreneur	technology	business			entrepreneurial success via the internet it took the death of his business partner at 21 for josh mohrer to get serious about trying to make their fledgling internet business a success.
3			acquisition	trend	business	software	technology	finance	innovation	strategy	industry			analyst: crm mergers and acquisitions picking up most industry observers agree that the crm software market is picking up speed this year and will continue to do so next year. and most also agree that venture capitalists have been waiting for several years to make their next moves regarding the startups they have backed through the thin years.
4			mobile	device	mobility	intel	technology	nokia	silicon	linux			intel unveils latest mobile chip intel today launched its latest mobile pentium chip designed for use in high end desktop replacement laptops. the pentium 4m 548 runs at 3.33ghz with 1mb level 2 cache, and is built around intel 's latest 90nanometre technology.
4			computer	hacking	music	technology	marketing	internet	email	im			can im morph into instant music ? as internet giants step into the crowded online music arena, some are banking on a new weapon to help attack market leader apple computer: instant messaging.
2			coaching	team	statistics	athletics	recruiting	football	coach	stats			bay state carey capsules braintree coach: bill o'connell second year . last year's record: 6 5. returning starters 7 : steve arki, fb lb, 5 11, 185, sr.; joe burbank, wr db, 5 10, 170, sr.; zach clark, ol, 6 0, 180, sr.; andrew dominguez, qb db, 5 9, 170, sr.; pat mcgrail, wr db, 6 3, 200, sr.; dave wall, wr db, 5 11, 160, sr.; craig whitney, ol dl, 5 8, 190, jr. returning lettermen: too many to ...
4			ibm	computer	technology	performance	patent	research	computing	industry			ibm to commercialize blue gene supercomputer fresh from setting a record for performance among supercomputers just a few days ago, ibm on monday announced it is making a commercial version of its blue gene system available to be aimed at businesses and scientific researchers.
2			baseball	gibbons	sport	football	horse			blue jays hope to go places with gibbons from montana to maine, puerto rico to canada, john gibbons tagged along wherever the military deemed his father should live. the constant travel gave him a taste of the nomadic life of a baseball manager, his future profession. it also gave him an accent all his own, a texas twang inflected with tinges of new england.
3			politics	business	management	sport	marketing	strategy	bankruptcy	money	canada			molson indy vancouver gets black flag the bottom line is the business model couldn 't work, said jo ann mcarthur, president of sponsoring molson sports and entertainment.
1			election	sen	politics	democrat	clinton	race	gov	republican			schumer to drop governor's race sen. charles schumer said monday he has ruled out a run for new york governor in 2006 and instead will head the democratic party's effort to win seats in the senate.
4			news	computer	technology	stock	money	intel			stocks to watch on friday, september 3 intel corp. :
3			business	option	debt	bank	finance	africa	money	retail	banking			absa soars on talks with barclays britain 's barclays yesterday signalled a return to retail banking in south africa after an absence of 18 years, saying it was in talks to buy a controlling stake in absa, the country 's biggest retail lender.
4			mobility	ethernet	privacy	technology	wireless	ip	telecommunication	patent	carrier			cingular, at and triton to exchange certain operations cingular wireless, at wireless and triton pcs have an agreement that would give cingular expanded wireless service in virginia and triton pcs added coverage in north carolina as well as entry into the puerto rico mta.
4			science	electronics	technology	innovation	robot	fr	aerospace	industry			epson announces advanced model of the world 's lightest micro flying robot seiko epson corporation epson has announced that it has successfully developed a lighter and more advanced successor to the fr, the world 's smallest and lightest micro flying robot. turning once again to its micromechatronics ...
4			computer	java	privacy	technology	evolution	networking	silicon	security	linux			photos: sun execs talk tech jonathan schwartz looks to an open source future, while scott mcnealy shows off the upcoming niagara chip.
3			job	business	ceo	email	technology	company	hr	logistics	industry			postal service seals big sap deal enterprise software maker gets stamp of approval to replace letter carrier's 700,000 employee human resources system.
4			electronics	computer	dell	pc	technology	hp	pcs	linux			dell introduces new compact desktop pc dell inc. updated its line of slim consumer dimension desktop pcs tuesday with a multiformat expansion card reader, the first time such a feature has appeared in a dell pc, a company spokesman said.
1			politics	election	controversy	democracy	censorship	reform	corruption	religion	terrorism	malaysia			malaysia court overturns anwar sodomy ruling years in jail, overturning his conviction for sodomy in a shock ruling expected to win support for the new prime minister. freedom to urge the country 's recently installed prime minister to drive harder on reform.
2			coaching	baseball	espn	basketball	sport	boston	football	attendance			falmouth shows zero tolerance an 86 yard touchdown run from steve clark in the first quarter provided falmouth all the scoring it needed as the clippers defeated barnstable, 7 0, yesterday for their eighth shutout of the season.
4			wired	network	ethernet	technology	broadband	internet	wireless	networking	intel			wireless venture has intel onboard hoping to accelerate the deployment of a new wireless technology, intel announced monday it 's invested in a venture started by billionaire craig mccaw to deliver high speed internet service over the airwaves.
4			science	computer	engineering	research	technology	innovation	engineer	physics			redefining the role of academic research charles m. vest, who will be stepping down next month as the president of mit, personifies his school's famed ''engineering mentality. simply put, this is the inclination to find a problem and fix it.
4			electronics	computer	technology	car	robot	innovation	driving	vehicle	speed			pluggedin: new gadgets may divert drivers' eyes from the road drivers still learning how to talk on cell phones and maneuver at the same time are headed for an even more complex world.
3			privatization	business	shell	bp	company	oil	bankruptcy	corporation	industry			shell ends dual entity structure london royal dutch shell group said thursday that it was merging the two publicly traded entities that make up the company and unifying their boards, ending a nearly 100 year old corporate structure.
1			election	politics	israel	democracy	voting	palestinian	palestine			give e. j lem arabs the vote the palestinian public and its leadership in the territories are united in their intention to hold elections for the leadership of the palestinian authority in two months time.
3			investor	trend	investing	technology	economics	company	growth	finance	innovation			the return of the venture capitalists four years after the internet bubble burst, the venture capital industry is showing signs of growth.
4			ibm	statistics	computer	technology	patent	machine	nasa	speed	computing	linux			minnesota built computer fastest in world ibm 's still incomplete blue gene l system being built in rochester, minnesota, has officially been named the fastest supercomputer in the world.
1			politics	election	controversy	bush	washington	security			white house: guard never disciplined bush president bush never was disciplined while serving in the texas air national guard, never failed a physical and never asked his father or family friends for help to get him into the guard during the vietnam war, the white house said wednesday. the white house answers came in response to a dozen questions submitted by the associated press in light of new records detailing bush's guard service and allegations that have surfaced this election season...
3			business	reading	publishing	investing	book	finance	bankruptcy	money			wordsworth books' final chapter is saturday wordsworth books, a fixture in harvard square for nearly three decades, will be closing its doors saturday after its owners failed to find an investor to help them refinance their bankrupt company.
4			keyboard	computer	technology	key	ibm	email	windows			keyboards are u old u tap tables to send email sensor system allows input from virtually anything
2			baseball	chicago	basketball	sport	boston	football	detroit	playoff			nba game summary la clippers at new york la ends a three game road trip on saturday in chicago...newly named new york mets manager willie randolph was in knicks went 26 of 29 from the free throw line...bobby simmons had 10 points for the clippers, who are 2 2 on the road this
4			processor	computer	chip	intel	technology	apple	hp	silicon	linux			intel express reply to amd a fortnight after amd launched its super fast 64 bit processors, fx55 and 4000, intel has responded with the launch of a chipset for power pc users and gamers.
4			money	privacy	technology	music			another month, another round of lawsuits it is becoming a monthly ritual as more people use p2p networks and the industry keeps the courts busy with john doe lawsuits. in an riaa press release, riaa president cary sherman said: during the fall, we
4			job	optimism	unemployment	technology	tech	hope	innovation	money			tech sector's mixed signals the pink slips are flying into mailboxes and jobs are flying out of the country. but there are signs that give reason for some optimism in the tech sector.
4			dell	computer	hardware	software	unix	technology	networking	hp	linux			dell plays price card with novell linux com october 27, 2004, 8:05 am pt. zdnet 's survey of it professionals in october kept upgrading hardware at number two on the businesses radar throughout the year.
2			baseball	nike	olympics	soccer	sport	football	athlete	competition	cycling			nike sprints to quarterly growth nike, the us sports footwear and clothing firm, unveils a 26 rise in first quarter income, thanks to the olympics raising its profile.
1			election	politics	controversy	race	debate			cheney, edwards to meet in only debate after lashing out at each other for months from a distance, the two vice presidential candidates are meeting face to face tuesday night at case western reserve university for their only debate before the nov. 2 election...
2			montreal	baseball	hockey	sport	football	canada	toronto			bittersweet day in montreal as expos officially play final home game montreal cp it's finally official. the montreal expos are moving on.
4			electronics	diabetes	device	technology	invention	patent	research			device 'may aid kidney dialysis' scientists are developing a device which could improve the lives of kidney dialysis patients.
4			sci	manufacturing	technology	tech	innovation	research	education	industry			maryland's technology future julie coons, the president of the technology council of maryland, discusses the organization and the region's technology community.
4			processor	electronics	chip	hardware	intel	technology	performance	semiconductor	silicon	linux			intel launches 2.93 ghz celeron d, pci express chipset intel today announced additions to its celeron d entry level processor family. the new chips come with lga775 packaging known from 90 nm prescott pentium
4			computer	business	ceo	technology	microsoft	system	strategy	ibm	windows			microsoft puts new life into its systems management a host of new products are designed to work and compete with leading enterprise management products, the company says. by darrell dunn.
1			election	politics	race	religion	terrorism	money	email	paper			paper: expletive hidden in campaign e mail a fund raising e mail from a democratic congressional candidate contained a hidden expletive directed at his opponent, a newspaper reported saturday.
1			politics	election	democrat	democracy	celebrity	woman			where the stars don't shine: low profile for most at rnc the democrats, convening in boston last month, snagged sarah jessica parker. carole king. leonardo dicaprio. ben affleck. alyssa milano. and ll cool j.
4			processor	computer	chip	hardware	intel	technology	apple	silicon	linux			intel goes for dual core news: intel will offer dual core 'two in one microprocessors across all product lines starting next year. and by 2006, most chips sold for desktop and notebook pcs, as well as server computers
4			computer	data	technology	storage	networking	ibm	computing	industry			ibm 's new storage play ibm plans to announce today that it is getting into a fast growing segment of the data storage industry that 's currently dominated by hewlett packard.
1			election	america	politics	computer	democracy	technology	internet	money			campaign ads stay off line, on air with the presidential election just a few weeks away, the pressure is mounting on both camps to effectively use the internet to help woo voters and secure an election day win.
4			computer	hacking	software	privacy	technology	fraud	security	linux			ftc files first 'spyware' case in u.s. the federal trade commission on thursday filed the first case in the country against software companies accused of infecting computers with intrusive spyware and then trying to sell people the solution.
4			ibm	computer	technology	power	energy	hp	patent	computing	linux			ibm to commercialize blue gene supercomputer called the ibm eserver blue gene, the power based supercomputer employs a mix of cooling and clustering technologies and starts at $ 1.5 million.
4			battery	electronics	technology	power	charging	phone			burned again, kyocera recalls more phone batteries a renegade supplier may have flooded u.s. market with up to a million bogus batteries.
1			election	politics	putin	democracy	corruption	russia	ukraine	terrorism			ukrainians choose new president in landmark vote ukrainians voted for a new president on sunday, choosing between their russian backed prime minister and a west leaning liberal in a tight contest many fear could degenerate into turmoil.
3			thursday	trading	business	investing	technology	company	market	finance	pricing	industry			planetout soars in public trading debut planetout inc. showed a small gain in morning activity before shooting up more than 15 percent in recent trading, marking a successful initial public offering for the web site operator while thursday's second deal fell flat in its debut.
4			technology	standard	communication	messaging	telecommunication	multimedia	media			cellular companies agree on standards the nation's cellular companies have agreed on a common standard for multimedia messaging that should enable mobile phone users to exchange photos, video and audio clips just as they do e mail, regardless of their wireless carrier.
3			taxation	revenue	business	tax	finance	bankruptcy	corporation	accounting	money			$ 136 billion business tax break package gets ok congress gave final approval monday to a 10 year, $ 136 billion package of business tax breaks that represents the biggest change in the corporate tax code in two decades
4			computer	linux	technology	storage	system	machine	ibm	memory	computing	server			ibm touts simpler storage ibm on tuesday bolstered its storage portfolio with several new systems, including a product the vendor says packs the power of a larger system but is about the size of a couple of pizza boxes.
1			election	america	politics	history	democracy	economics	fraud	finance	money			victory of known entity lifts stocks stock markets powered ahead while government bonds suffered yesterday as financial markets around the world signalled relief at the emerging clarity, and the result, of the us presidential election.
4			windows	computer	pc	microsoft	technology	content	multimedia	pcs	linux			gateway expands media center pc lineup gateway inc. plans to release two additional media center pcs thursday, hoping that consumer excitement over multimedia will boost what is forecast as a weak holiday season for consumer pcs.
3			investor	investing	company	stock	market	growth	finance	money	earnings	capital			us stocks gain; shares of citigroup, bank of america advance us stocks gained on optimism that third quarter earnings this week from companies including citigroup inc. and intel corp. will top analysts estimates.
4			computer	technology	storage	tower	networking	logistics	security	server			server sales sag in the middle cheap servers and expensive ones are looking fit, says idc, but midrange models need to hit the stairmaster.
1			election	politics	computer	democracy	privacy	internet	money			fec may regulate internet political activity with political fund raising, campaign advertising and organizing taking place in full swing over the internet, it may just be a matter of time before the federal election commission joins the action. well, that time may be now...
4			statistics	privacy	technology	migration	information	research	hr	security	industry			news: boom times ahead for it security profession boom times are ahead for security pros. the information security workforce will expand by an estimated 13.7 per cent annually to reach 2.1m workers by 2008.
4			electronics	device	mobility	technology	smartphone	nokia	samsung	linux			samsung develops thumbnail mmc high performance with low power, the removable memory card which is smaller than the size of a thumbnail, is expected to revolutionize cell phone designs.
3			business	takeover	biotechnology	technology	bankruptcy	risk	competition	money	security			rentokil rules out break up rentokil initial, supplier of services ranging from security guards and pest control to conferences and exotic plants, has ruled out breaking itself up, despite tumbling profits and a swirl of takeover speculation.
4			computer	ethernet	technology	internet	innovation	networking	intel	linux			overlaying to boost internet performance world leading microchip developer intel says the internet needs a radical overhaul to make itself more powerful. intel 's chief technology officer, pat gelsinger, notes that
3			inflation	business	manufacturing	unemployment	company	depression	bankruptcy	money	industry			brown shoe sings the blues the company announces a disappointing quarter and reduces full year guidance.
2			racing	doping	race	sport	car	football	motorsport	cycling			kovalainen surprises at race of champions in the off season, it is for most f1 and racing fans, a long time with no racing action. the race of champions gives the fans a little breath.
1			election	politics	war	democracy	iraq	terrorism			iraqi insurgency continues to overshadow january election ... a top us military official in charge of the middle east says coalition forces will do all they can to ensure iraqi elections set for late january will go ahead.
2			coaching	safety	gaming	fan	basketball	sport	football	player	hr	security			players dismiss security worries given nearly a week to examine the security issues raised by the now infamous brawl between players and fans in auburn hills, mich., nov. 19, the celtics returned to the fleetcenter last night with two losses and few concerns about their on court safety.
4			windows	graphic	mobility	hardware	technology	performance	networking	speed	linux			geforce go 6800 announced nvidia today has announced its geforce go 6800 mobile graphics processor. the geforce go 6800 is quite obviously based on nvidia 's 6800 desktop line of chipsets, containing full directx
1			election	politics	democracy	polling	iran	iraq	candidate	afghanistan	afghan			karzai takes early lead in afghan count interim leader hamid karzai took an early lead as vote counting began in afghanistan's landmark presidential election, after allegations of ballot box stuffing, voter intimidation and multiple voting forced five days of delay. the tally was halted friday so the 1,000 afghans on the counting staff could have the day off to celebrate the start of ramadan, the islamic fasting month...
1			bet	politics	election	speculation	poll	kerry	debate	money			kerry gets post debate bounce in election futures online futures traders raised their bets on democratic presidential candidate sen. john kerry on friday after the first debate with president bush, although the overall odds still favored the incumbent.
1			politics	controversy	diplomacy	dialogue	violence	democracy	peace	iran	iraq	terrorism			push and pull while expressing anger at calls to halt its uranium enrichment activities, iran still found a way to keep the door open for dialogue.
4			cooling	pc	computer	linux	device	technology	hp	pcs	computing	windows			gateway aims to reduce hot air the irvine, calif., pc maker on thursday will revamp its e series line of desktop pcs for businesses with three new models, including a 6300 that sports a new motherboard design, dubbed balanced technology extended btx , that helps machines run cooler
1			politics	election	democracy	ireland	strategy	terrorism	belfast			sinn fein offers huge prize to all unionist and nationalist politicians in northern ireland have the prize of an end to militant republicanism within their grasp, a senior sinn fein figure stressed today.
2			coaching	volleyball	athletics	sport	basketball	football	virginia	cavaliers			one man 's leg could be pivotal everyone who follows virginia football has a particular memory of the cavaliers epic victory over florida state in 1995. adrian burnim and anthony poindexter teaming to stop warrick dunn inches short of the goal line on the game 's final play.
4			security	computer	linux	software	unix	technology	sun	computing	windows			sun giving away solaris operating system california based sun microsystems inc. released its unix based operating system solaris 10 for free monday, web host industry review magazine reports.
3			america	business	investing	economics	greed	finance	money			business week taps new editor business week has reached outside its own ranks and into those of the wall street journal to name a new editor in chief. the 75 year old financial magazine said yesterday that stephen j. adler
4			computer	software	microsoft	technology	automation	system	development	ibm	productivity			ibm buys into project management big blue plans to beef up its rational suite of development tools with technology it will gain through its acquisition of systemcorp.
2			baseball	beijing	running	china	athletics	sport	race	football	athlete			new kids off blocks the people's republic of china struck gold twice last night on the track, giving the world a taste of what the country hopes will be a medal bonanza in four years at the beijing games.
4			electricity	wireless	technology	internet	power	broadband	telecommunication	energy	utility			broadband: more power to you federal regulators on thursday adopted rules aimed at tempting electric utilities to offer broadband services a move officials hope will someday enable us consumers to jack in to the web from virtually any power outlet.
4			mobile	electronics	battery	mobility	technology	smartphone	phone			let a thousand mobiles bloom scientists at the university of warwick have designed a hi tech solution to an old technology problem: a cellphone case made of biodegradable polymer.
4			network	ethernet	wireless	technology	communication	telecommunication	networking	switch			hitachi, nec launch networking equipment joint venture first products from alaxala networks include a high end gigabit router, a high end multilevel switch and a mid range multilevel switch.
4			network	connectivity	collaboration	ethernet	technology	internet	networking	research			internet2: 2004 and beyond experimental network excels at long distance collaboration; researchers hope to up ante with hybrid optical packet infrastructure.
2			baseball	life	sport	football	competition	money			compete against your friends, si experts and celebrities in this ... on wednesday, joe gibbs kept rubbing his eyes when he spoke after practice, as if in need of a late afternoon nap. on friday, his answers were short and void of any emotion.
4			battery	china	privacy	technology	innovation	patent	blackberry	research	industry			rim loses patent case a federal appeals court affirmed that research in motion, which makes the popular blackberry, has infringed on holding company ntp 's patents but can continue selling its products in the united states pending a district court 's decision.
4			industry	computer	business	technology	microsoft	machine	ibm	computing	linux			ibm to expand data centers across world ibm is expanding and adding new technology to 11 of its data centers in north america, europe and asia to meet growing demand and rolled out new services to customers, the world's largest computer company said late on thursday.
3			business	marketing	company	greed	stock	advertising	money			6 reasons to love rambus the company's revenue and earnings are just two reasons to like this stock.
4			electronics	radio	branding	wireless	technology	telecommunication	advertising	patent	industry			ibm targets manufacturers with rfid big blue also introduces radio tag services for midsized suppliers working under mandates from retail giants such as wal mart.
4			technology	automation	machine	robot	robotic			robots are taking an increasing number of jobs, new un report says the chances of having an obedient robot do unwelcome or dangerous jobs have increased tremendously, with orders for industrial robots rising to a record 18 per cent in the first half of this year, a new report co sponsored by the
3			price	sale	technology	loss	profit	finance	money	industry			electrolux issues profit warning electrolux shares have tumbled after the world 's largest maker of consumer electronics said profit in the second half of 2004 will be less than forecast.
2			baseball	hockey	basketball	athletics	sport	soccer	football	maryland			no. 4 b cc rebounds the bethesda chevy chase field hockey team recovers from two losses on saturday to beat whitman, 2 1, monday.
1			election	america	politics	democracy	strategy	washington			election is crunch time for u.s. secret service with just days to go before the u.s. presidential election, the candidates are darting from one stop to the next putting the pressure on the secret service in the process.
4			windows	electronics	computer	desktop	privacy	technology	machine	linux			3 point shopping for a computer the last time i browsed the selection of desktops in a computer store, i came down with a case of instant deja vu. each time i'd spot a thoughtful feature on one company's pc say, both usb and firewire ports on the front or a full set of memory card slots i would look at the machine to its right or left and spot the exact same item.
4			computer	application	java	software	database	security	linux			ingres goes open source computer associates international on monday kicked off its entry into open source software with the release of its ingres r3 database.
1			politics	election	democracy	economics	strategy	money	education			blair unveils a 10 point policy plan as he sets out vision for ... tony blair pledged to create an opportunity society in which everyone had an equal chance to succeed yesterday as he outlined the policies he would introduce if labour wins an historic third term in power.
4			mobile	mobility	privacy	technology	smartphone	car	money	speed	phone			possibly the fastest way to spend money next, you could have a motorola mobile phone with mastercard paypass to help you spend money faster. this is layering on more features to make the cell phone
4			network	connectivity	ethernet	technology	cisco	networking	patent	switch			cisco enhances smb offerings cisco systems quote, chart has modified its catalyst switching products to help small and medium sized businesses deploy converged data, voice and video networks.
1			politics	election	violence	democracy	ireland	terrorism			adams backs power sharing plan sinn fein president gerry adams has given his backing for a plan to revive power sharing in northern ireland. the party confirmed that at a meeting of senior sinn fein leaders in belfast, mr adams said he
4			technology	marketing	internet	ai	email	im			study: workers find im a mixed blessing a report released thursday by the pew internet and american life project says us workers are increasingly using instant messaging im in the workplace, with approximately 11 million americans logging into an im program daily.
4			manufacturing	china	production	technology	japan	innovation	patent	photography	industry			kodak to restructure in uk and france eastman kodak co. announced on tuesday that it would restructure several plants based in britain and france, resulting in the loss of hundreds of jobs by 2005.
4			computer	privacy	technology	email	phone			flip open that cellphone: it's im on the move although it grew up on desktop pcs, instant messaging software has gone mobile and it looks more and more as if it has outgrown its roots in teenage chatter.
4			electronics	business	technology	patent	industry			chip company acknowledges sec probe analog devices inc. , the world's fourth largest maker of signal processing chips for mobile phones, said us regulators are conducting an inquiry into the granting of stock options to directors and officers. the inquiry by the securities and exchange commission covers the last five years, the norwood company said in its annual report filed with the sec. analog devices also ...
4			technology	company	growth	analytics	google	money			update 25: google 's ipo price set at $ 85 before debut on the cusp of its voyage into public trading, google 's initial stock price was set at $ 85 and its market value calculated at $ 23 billion less than originally expected, but still impressive for a 6 year old dot com dreamed up in a garage.
3			product	store	trend	price	sale	marketing	retailer	growth	retail	industry			wal mart says sept. sales up 2.3 percent wal mart stores inc. on saturday said sales at stores open at least a year rose 2.3 percent, according to its preliminary tally, helped by sales of bedding, electronics, food and pet supplies.
4			technology	automation	innovation	robot	ibm	ai	pt	industry			at 's gambit: relying on automation to make up for 12,000 fewer ... at 's top it exec says automation thanks to its it systems will let it shed more than 12,000 jobs this year without hurting its network or service.
4			politics	relationship	business	technology	internet	service	people	entertainment			livewire: craigslist thrives on service, profits it began about a decade ago as an e mail newsletter from craig telling friends about upcoming events in san francisco, and grew so popular it is now a full fledged online community with information on jobs, apartments, even dating.
4			ibm	computer	manufacturing	china	technology	patent	silicon	industry			ibm to make digital image sensors for kodak camera maker eastman kodak and ibm, the world 's biggest computer company, said thursday that the two us companies had agreed to a deal in which ibm will manufacture digital image sensors for kodak.
4			computer	privacy	technology	broadband	money	phone			wanted: simple home security how much data can fit through broadband pipes? the next big broadband battle is going to turn on that very question. with data speeds increasing and monthly charges now within range of most family budgets, you
4			ibm	software	programming	microsoft	technology	advertising	patent	speech			ibm makes speech code open source ibm 's motive is not altruistic. by making the software open source, ibm hopes that other programmers will make improvements, thus speeding the development of speech applications and allowing
4			electronics	computer	chip	hardware	technology	apple	networking	pcs	linux			at idf: imac look alikes and monitors as hats all in one machine at intel confab bears resemblance to new apple pc. also: high tech sandwich boards?
4			electronics	computer	linux	chip	intel	technology	apple	silicon	industry			intel cancels top speed pentium 4 chip intel corp. on thursday canceled plans to introduce its highest speed pentium 4 chip for desktop computers, marking another in a string of unexpected product changes, cancellations and recalls at the world's largest computer chip maker.
4			ibm	application	technology	patent	rs	industry			ibm expands rfid offerings with services for mid market and business wire ept. 14, 2004 ay ibm announced a broad suite of services to speed the benefits of radio frequency identification rfid systems to industrial companies and mid market businesses.
2			boxing	baseball	olympics	athletics	sport	race	football	athlete	swimming			athletics: clumsy us relay teams hand foes gold athens no one had run faster than the us 100 meter sprinters at least without a baton. but put the stick in an unpracticed american 's hand on the track in these olympics, and it transforms talent into tumult.
4			linux	manufacturing	sale	technology	marketing	storage	distribution	ibm	logistics	industry			samsung driving forward with its shipments jumping last year, the company is no longer playing the role of bottom feeder in the disk drive industry.
1			election	politics	president	israel	lebanon	parliament	syria	religion			the other november elections in november 2004, lebanese president emil lahoud will complete his six year term. parliament, according to the constitution, has to elect the new president from the maronite christian community .
4			politics	wikipedia	computer	software	privacy	technology	internet	innovation	networking			dean on blogs, politics and the internet my boy howard dean talks about the next generation of politics: the destination of the democratic party means making it a party that can communicate with its supporters and with all americans. politics is at its best when we create and inspire a sense of community. the tools that were pioneered in my campaign like blogs, and meetups, and streaming video are just a start. we must use all of the power and potential of technology as part of an aggressive outreach to meet and include voters, to work with the state parties, and to influence media coverage. the internet will fundamentally change every aspect of society. it started in how we developed software. open source is starting ...
1			election	politics	statistics	democracy	voting	polling	poll	ghana			high turnout reported for ghana 's national elections vote counting has begun in tuesday 's general election in ghana, where president john kufuor is widely expected to win re election.
3			revenue	company	telecommunication	loss	finance	profit	competition	cost	industry			mci and qwest report large losses as revenue falls mci and qwest communications international, two of the country 's largest phone companies, reported large losses in the third quarter, driven by a continued decline in revenue and one time write offs.
1			election	politics	democrat	clinton	race	candidate	republican	money			howard dean considering bid to chair dems former presidential candidate howard dean is considering a bid to become chairman of the national democratic party.
3			statistics	revenue	business	price	technology	telecommunication	patent	money	industry			companies to settle patent lawsuits 3com corp. , a maker of switches for corporate data networks, and pc tel inc. agreed to end patent infringement lawsuits. each agreed to license the other's modem related patents that were part of the litigation, which began in march 2003. pc tel also will supply wireless software and antennas to 3com. pc tel will record as revenue during this quarter $ 3.2 million it had ...
1			politics	election	history	democrat	war	democracy	vietnam	strategy	mccain	republican			parties seek advantage in vietnam debate the events may be 35 years old, but the heated discussion hasn't stopped because republicans and democrats alike sense a political advantage in keeping the debate over john kerry's service in vietnam on voters' minds.
2			baseball	basketball	sport	swimmer	race	athlete	swimming	phelps	competition	racing			phelps backs out of big race michael phelps has been forced to pulled out of the 400m individual medley at the short course world swimming championships in indianapolis in the us, due to a sore back.
4			game	gaming	technology	evolution	marketing	car			capcom undecided on resident evil cross platform strategy the news of resident evil 4 's conversion to the ps2 threw up more questions than answers this morning; most obviously whether the end of its gamecube exclusivity deal would open the floodgates to the brand making a belated appearance on a slew of other
3			business	ceo	greed	finance	fraud	bankruptcy	accounting	money	ethics			update 3: ex ceo scrushy faces new perjury charge federal prosecutors added perjury and obstruction of justice charges to the criminal case against fired healthsouth corp. chief executive richard scrushy on wednesday under a new indictment in the rehabilitation giant 's accounting scandal.
3			inflation	economics	company	stock	growth	profit	oil	money	earnings	industry			stocks lower on oil and profit warnings stocks declined on monday as oil prices spiked higher and companies like consumer goods giant colgate palmolive warned on earnings, stirring investor worry about corporate profits.
2			baseball	money	football			red sox rally, but come up short to paraphrase an old saying, when you keep going back to the bullpen, eventually it 's going to come up dry. that 's what happened to the red sox on thursday night, when
4			electronics	battery	computer	gaming	chip	intel	technology	semiconductor	silicon			intel backtracks on offering chips for projection tvs now in another product postpone ment, semiconductor giant intel corp said it won 't be offering a chip for projection tvs by the end of this year as it had announced earlier this year.
4			computer	manufacturing	chip	technology	innovation	ibm	silicon	intel	industry			ibm's meyerson: chip industry needs a 'plan b' the days of relying on shrinking transistors to achieve performance gains are over, and the chip industry needs to enter a new era of innovation where system level features are just as important as thinner transistor gates, said ibm corp.'s bernie meyerson in a keynote address at the fall processor forum tuesday.
2			gymnastics	olympics	athletics	sport	competition	money	event			sorry hamm flops on apparatus paul hamm had hoped to continue the american gymnastics carnival at the olympics games on sunday. instead, as well as facing a battle to hold onto the individual gold that
3			business	data	trend	technology	directory	competition	merger			bellsouth and sbc partner to buy bellsouth and sbc partner to buy sbc communications inc. and bellsouth corp. announced that their directory affiliates have created an internet yellow pages partnership that has entered into a definitive agreement to acquire the online directory publisher , inc. the new venture will utilize the highly recognized brand and ...
2			coaching	espn	basketball	sport	football	stats			nu coach's credentials rock solid the people at northeastern did their homework when they named rocky hager the 10th head coach in school history march 10. he takes over a program that has known both success and frustration and both during the last year. hager was one of the cornerstones of a north dakota state powerhouse that won four national championships from 1985 90 ...
4			manufacturing	chip	sale	defect	performance	bankruptcy	semiconductor	silicon	industry			chip equipment bookings slip the lead semiconductor equipment trade group said august bookings declined 5 from the revised july level to $ 1.52 billion another sign that chip equipment demand is flagging.
2			coaching	boxing	baseball	game	basketball	sport	rule	football	tennis			sports need to regain control of fans, players from time to time, basketball players are referred to as cagers. the term dates back to the early years of basketball when courts were surrounded by chicken wire to separate players from unruly fans.
4			hacking	intelligence	technology	tech	terrorism	security			al qaeda's tech traps investigations, arrests highlight how technology aids and weakens terror network.
4			business	network	broadband	technology	wireless	communication	telecommunication	networking			wireless business helps lucent profit lucent technologies inc. , among the world's largest makers of telecommunications equipment, on wednesday said quarterly earnings rose sharply, helped by improvement in its wireless networks business and lower costs.
1			politics	election	democracy	polling	poll	iran	iraq	candidate	afghanistan			karzai wins afghan election, official says a un worker sorts hamid karzai 's ballot papers at a counting center in kabul on tuesday, oct. 26. 2004. with 97.7 percent of ballots counted, karzai has 55.
4			electronics	philip	technology	nokia	sony			after a decade, philips makes pcs again after an absence of a decade, philips electronics is making personal computers again, the company said on thursday. the netherlands based electronics conglomerate, which abandoned the
4			safety	network	privacy	technology	protection	networking	risk	security			security fears still blocking wlan adoption despite the best efforts of the wi fi industry to assure companies wireless networking is safe in the workplace, a new survey of executives finds security remains the leading barrier to wlan adoption.
4			network	frequency	technology	broadband	spectrum	telecommunication	patent	carrier			verizon to buy more licenses second largest us provider will buy wavelength portions from nextwave telecom, which is emerging from bankruptcy. by ken belson. verizon wireless said friday that it would pay $ 3 billion for the spectrum licenses
4			software	technology	marketing	media	innovation	patent	industry			give sonic solutions more play the digital media software developer deserves more attention from investors.
3			industry	business	transparency	company	market	competition	security	governance			securities chief says industry is better william donaldson, chairman of the securities and exchange commission, said friday that the securities industry has improved its corporate governance standards in the past year but
4			device	palm	technology	smartphone	apple	phone			new palm system targets smart phones the maker of palm operating systems for handheld computers plans to introduce tuesday its first version designed specifically for so called smart phones.
3			price	sale	loss	profit	competition	retail			sainsbury's warns of first half profit dip troubled grocery chain j sainsbury plc, britain's third biggest supermarket retailer, said monday it expected to announce a big drop in profits for the first half of this year.
1			politics	election	israel			abrams said us choice to succeed kurtzer as israel envoy israel radio reported thursday that elliot abrams, director of the middle east department of the national security council, was the leading candidate to succeed daniel kurtzer as us ambassador to israel.
1			politics	controversy	democrat	homosexuality	kerry	mccain	republican			heinz kerry's persona offsets kerry they say that opposites attract, and in the case of sen. john kerry and teresa heinz kerry, that may be true at least in their public personas.
4			science	electronics	battery	computer	astronomy	biotechnology	technology	robot	computing	physics			playstation 3 chip goes easy on developers san francisco the cell processor that will power the next version of the playstation game console will also be adaptable for advanced scientific research, but you won 't have to be a rocket scientist to program it.
4			industry	computer	technology	company	cisco	oil	networking	security	linux			stocks rise, oil falls, fed wait resumes stocks rose on tuesday as a oil prices slid below $ 48 a barrel, offsetting caution as investors waited for an expected quarter point hike in u.s. interest rates and results from technology bellwether cisco systems inc.
4			electricity	manufacturing	material	technology	metal	energy	steel	aluminum			electrolux profit to miss forecast on steel costs electrolux ab, the world 's biggest maker of household appliances, said second half profit will be less than forecast as costs for materials including steel surge.
1			election	politics	nevada	voting	poll	fraud	money	paper			nevada exit poll shows voters prefer paper receipt a washington based public opinion firm has released the results of an election day survey of nevada voters showing 81 support for the issuance of paper receipts when votes are cast electronically.
4			science	computer	genetics	biotechnology	technology	evolution	genius	cancer	physics			programs: 'evil genius' brings out your inner villain gene emery is a columnist who covers science and technology. his internet address is gemery at any opinions in the column are his alone.
1			politics	election	democracy	voting	immigration	candidate	voter	fraud	vote			early ballots flood in across us millions in the us have already cast their ballots under early vote programmes that could attract one in five.
2			racing	race	sport	car	brazil	motorsport	cycling			brazilian grand prix fact file the 700th f1 gp as its name suggests, interlagos was located between two lakes when the circuit was built in the 1940s. today, however, the setting is no longer as picturesque, with the sprawling city now extending almost up to the circuit 's crash barriers.
2			boxing	baseball	retirement	sport	wrestling	money			rulon 's retirement the end of an era you ve surely heard by now that wyoming wrestler rulon gardner is bringing home another olympic medal. this time it 's a bronze.
1			politics	war	democracy	vietnam	terrorism	money			kerry: bush lets groups do 'dirty work' sen. john kerry accused president bush on thursday of relying on front groups to challenge his record of valor in vietnam, asserting, he wants them to do his dirty work. defending his record, the democratic presidential candidate said, thirty years ago, official navy reports documented my service in vietnam and awarded me the silver star, the bronze star and three purple hearts. thirty years ago, this was the plain truth...
3			politics	relationship	business	greed	money	diversity	merger			for nextel, merger is time of trepidation as details of the rumored merger between sprint corp. and nextel communications inc. were being finalized behind closed doors late tuesday, miguel avila, who heads nextel's hispanic marketing, summed up the mood of employees at the company's reston headquarters.
1			politics	death	power	people	money			skyway windfall seen as blessing and a curse from desperate times to an embarrassment of riches. from crying poor mouth to fending off the wolves. mayor daley certainly is a man of extremes these days.
3			inflation	price	economics	market	stock	growth	profit	competition	earnings	industry			japanese stocks rise for a 3rd day; asahi glass, daiei advance japanese stocks rose for a third day, as asahi glass co. and nippon mining holdings inc. raised their earnings forecasts, sparking optimism domestic economic growth will support profits.
1			election	nigeria	politics	result	democracy	voting	polling	poll	ghana			ghana waits for election results the first results are being declared in ghana 's presidential and parliamentary elections, which were generally calm and orderly.
3			economy	business	economics	marketing	shopping	advertising	consumer	money			shoppers deal with mixed signals economy: with consumer confidence down and spending up, shoppers wrestle with 'stop and go mixed signals. by andrea k. walker.
4			ceo	software	technology	marketing	finance	strategy	analytics	windows			users mixed on siebel's 'chapter two' direction users of siebel's crm software offered mixed reviews on the chapter two strategy the company unveiled this week as a way to revitalize its sagging fortunes and help customers complete successful software rollouts.
2			play	game	gaming	sport	child	chess	health	gambling			better health through play health care experts are convinced that games can help people get and stay well, but they don't agree on what's the best approach. by noah shachtman.
2			coaching	baseball	college	basketball	sport	recruiting	football	princeton	money			orlovsky does his level best the thought of going to boston college, whose football camp dan orlovsky attended for three years when he was in high school, was dashed when the eagles did not offer him a scholarship.
4			device	network	technology	patent	vs	linux			vonage, netgear to offer voip wlan devices vonage has teamed with netgear inc. to develop a suite of broadband telephony devices incorporating the latest version of texas instruments voip and wlan chipsets.
4			electricity	revenue	technology	money	telecommunication	competition	cost			nortel says 3rd qtr revenue will fall from 2nd qtr nortel networks corp., north america 's largest telephone equipment maker, said third quarter revenue will decline from the second quarter 's $ 2.
4			battery	computer	electricity	linux	technology	power	ibm	reliability	industry			ibm recalls 553,000 laptop power units worldwide ibm said on thursday it will recall about 553,000 ac power adapters worldwide for several models of its laptop computers because of potential fire and electrical shock hazards.
1			politics	election	government	resignation	corruption	money	email			bush cabinet quote box reactions tuesday to the resignations of attorney general john ashcroft and commerce secretary don evans:
2			baseball	basketball	sport	football	joel			for statham, sweet vindication by the time joel statham walked into the gossett team house cafeteria around 8 pm last night, the delirious crowd had dispersed from the byrd stadium field.
1			politics	commitment	election	relationship	democracy	accountability	promise			dup honour commitments by standing up to terrorism i am extremely glad to see the dup standing firm on commitments made to the electorate. the dup made its case clear to both governments and to the public time and time again.
1			politics	election	diplomacy	history	soccer	sport	football	turkey	politician			turkish captain foils eu 's would be defenders as a young man, recep tayyip erdogan was a gifted footballer; but not quite good enough to turn professional. so he concentrated on politics instead.
1			election	politics	putin	war	democracy	syria	russia	terrorism			poll shows chechen police official in lead the russian government's choice for president of war ravaged chechnya appeared to be the victor sunday in an election tainted by charges of fraud and shadowed by last week's terrorist destruction of two airliners. little more than two hours after polls closed, acting chechen president sergei abramov said preliminary results showed maj...
4			electronics	computer	device	chip	hardware	semiconductor	memory	silicon	computing			ultra tiny transistors won't be key to new pc performance gains chips have become so tiny that atomic level defects cause serious problems.
2			medal	doping	olympics	athletics	sport	weightlifting	athlete	cycling			sports:greek weightlifter stripped of medal athens, greece greek weightlifter leonidas sampanis has been stripped of his bronze medal for a doping offense. it was the first medal to be stripped from an athlete in athens because of doping.
4			mobile	device	microsoft	technology	nokia	finland	phone	industry			nokia regains share of global mobile handset market new york, december 3 nokia corp continued to regain lost market share in the global handset mobile segment for the second consecutive quarter in 3q, driven by new models and price cuts, according to a study conducted by the
2			crowd	baseball	statistics	espn	fan	sport	football	stadium	attendance			fans irked over seats the addition of 4,000 seats to the lower bowl at fedex field sparked a slew of complaints from ticket holders who feel they were misled.
4			mobile	mobility	aviation	wireless	gps	smartphone	technology	telecommunication	phone			mobiles in aircraft edge closer soon you could be using your mobile phone on flights as easily as you do on the high street. a two year investigation has shown that mobiles can be used on planes without interfering with navigation systems.
2			baseball	television	college	espn	basketball	sport	football			espn going to college for its new channel to celebrate its 25th anniversary, espn announced yesterday it will be sending yet another all sports channel your way its seventh, if you're counting , this one dedicated to college sports.
4			manufacturing	technology	marketing	innovation	patent	industry			i2 looks to technology rollout for a rebound i2 technologies is hoping to continue its rebound by rolling out new technology aimed at retailers and manufacturers and forming partnerships that will help make its applications easier to integrate.
4			manufacturing	china	production	technology	japan	innovation	patent	photography	industry			kodak to restructure in uk and france eastman kodak co. announced on tuesday that it would restructure several plants based in britain and france, resulting in the loss of hundreds of jobs by 2005.
3			insurance	business	london	greed	finance	wealth	money			little hotel venture now takes care of millions not long ago, a saga holiday seemed synonymous with a coachload of ancient aunts with thermos flasks heading for the coast. now the company that has made a fortune out of the grey pound is
4			mobile	network	privacy	broadband	technology	telecommunication	competition	money	phone			in u.s. market, cellphone users are often all talk after years of delays, u.s. wireless carriers are unveiling third generation phone networks. the carriers will soon find out whether the time and money were actually worth it.
3			business	mba	management	marketing	finance	accounting	money	education			is it acceptable to list an mba degree on business cards? q: is it acceptable to list an mba degree on business cards? i received a master's in business 10 years ago, and at that time it was never done. now i see mbas popping up everywhere, right next to md, jd, cpa, cfa, and other professional designations. s.s., reading
4			statistics	computer	technology	power	performance	ibm	reliability	computing	linux			ibm supercomputer again claims record a $ 100 million supercomputer being built to analyze the nation's nuclear stockpile has again set an unofficial performance record the second in just over a month.
2			coaching	contract	retirement	basketball	sport	football	player	money	talent			mcgrady receives a three year extension the rockets made mcgrady smile monday, giving him a three year contract extension worth $ 63 million. that, coupled with the three years he had remaining on his existing
3			sale	marketing	restructuring	growth	finance	profit	bankruptcy	cost			unilever warns of extra costs unilever has warned that restoring profitable growth will involve rising marketing spend and a big jump in restructuring charges in the fourth quarter.
4			computer	chip	technology	power	memory	silicon	linux			geforce 6600gt agp, as good as it gets? we reported on pci express chipsets in numerous articles in the past two months, by reading those you would almost start to think that agp was indeed dead and buried.
1			election	politics	cairo	democracy	egypt	corruption	iran	party			egypt authorizes new party for only third time in 27 years the government approved the creation of a political party headed by a young ambitious lawyer, in only the third time that a new party was authorized in egypt in almost three decades.
4			electronics	radio	itunes	music	technology	audio	industry			cell phone makers fast getting in tune with emergence of digital music growing use of digital music players has cell phone makers singing a happy tune.
2			baseball	basketball	athletics	race	sport	football	rowing	racing			chelmsford runners go 1 2 a pair of j's carried chelmsford to a commanding win in the varsity 2 race yesterday at the 22d brown invitational.
3			business	revenue	sale	technology	growth	profit	corporation	money	industry			national semiconductor profit surges the national semiconductor corp. said thursday profit for its latest quarter surged nearly fourfold amid a 29 percent jump in revenue.
4			computer	gate	microsoft	technology	finance	innovation	wealth	money			gates spreads wealth to cmu the bill melinda gates foundation has given carnegie mellon university $ 20 million toward construction of a new computer science building.
4			mobile	mobility	technology	wireless	telecommunication	networking			taking in at , cingular is largest wireless provider cingular wireless 's dream of becoming the nation 's largest mobile phone provider came true yesterday, with final regulatory approval of its $ 41 billion purchase of at wireless services.
4			windows	application	business	manufacturing	technology	microsoft	enterprise	ibm	industry			microsoft 's biz im server goes gold after nearly six months of beta testing, microsoft 's office live communications server 2005 is ready for prime time. the next iteration of redmond 's enterprise instant messaging product was released to manufacturers
3			business	ceo	technology	marketing	company	ibm	corporation	industry			palmisano: ibm ceo hails growing tech spending some chief executives boost their companies in speeches. addressing an ibm nyse: ibm news people customer event, ceo samuel palmisano attempted to buck up an entire industry.
4			electronics	battery	device	storage	technology	charging	consumer			apple recalls 28,000 powerbook batteries apple notes that the model and serial numbers are located on the label on the bottom of the battery, and can be viewed by removing the battery from the computer. apple is providing an online form for consumers to begin the battery recall ...
4			security	business	privacy	technology	defense	communication	strategy	terrorism	surveillance			fedex ceo to lead industry security task force fedex ceo frederick w. smith was named today by the business roundtable to chair the group's security task force.
4			virus	computer	hacking	hardware	privacy	technology	encryption	security	linux			ibm fits pcs with new hardware based security chip ibm corp. has begun using new security hardware from national semiconductor corp. in its desktop pcs in an effort to fend off viruses and hackers.
4			computer	manufacturing	intel	microsoft	technology	hp	pcs	silicon	linux			intel income rose 15, tops expectations intel corp., the worlds largest semiconductor producer, said yesterday its third quarter profit rose at the slowest pace in five quarters on record stockpile of computer chips, growing competition and slow sales of pcs.
4			hacking	network	software	privacy	technology	vulnerability	networking	security			trojan horse spies on web banking security continues to hold steady over software as the third top it priority, with organizations busy coping with cyber threats, keeping up with software security updates, and contemplating a plethora of security solutions and methods.
1			election	america	politics	voting	kerry	money			too close to call? the votes won't be counted for another four days, but that's not stopping mathematicians, online bettors and traditional pollsters from trying to predict a bush or kerry victory.
4			electronics	boeing	computer	linux	hardware	technology	nasa	space	industry			spaceshipone to launch again monday com october 1, 2004, 11:39 am pt. with the economy slowly turning up, upgrading hardware has been on businesses radar in the past 12 months as their number two priority.
4			electronics	arm	manufacturing	technology	semiconductor	patent	aerospace	silicon	industry			arm acquires artisan for $ 913m in a deal worth about $ 913 million, arm holdings plc today announced it would acquire artisan components inc. to create one of the broadest suppliers of semiconductor intellectual property in the industry.
4			mobile	trend	technology	marketing	email			at wireless sells dedicated messaging device at wireless services inc. awe.n: quote, profile, research launches a mobile e mail and messaging device without voice service on monday, aiming to use a low price to tempt young consumers.
4			computer	hacking	privacy	technology	encryption	vulnerability	security			gartner points out the security you don't need the plethora of security technologies on the market are enough to overwhelm even the most knowledgeable it managers, but in sorting through all of the options, it may be helpful to look at what is not needed, according to gartner inc. research detailed hereat its it security summit conference.
2			game	gaming	movie	sex	sport	music	car	dating			a comic strip takes video games seriously an offbeat comic strip, published only on the web, helps two video game fans keep body and soul together.
3			politics	business	technology	greed	finance	profit	bankruptcy	corporation	money			peoplesoft bounces back to profit peoplesoft, the software maker that is the target of a hostile takeover bid from industry heavyweight oracle, has returned to profit.
3			computer	business	sale	technology	loss	bankruptcy	retail	security	industry			circuit city posts smaller quarterly loss circuit city stores inc. on friday reported a smaller quarterly loss as it kept a tight rein on expenses and demand increased for digital televisions, notebook computers and other popular products.
1			politics	america	controversy	election	democracy	bush	kerry	strategy	washington	terrorism			bush paints kerry as dangerous leftist ahead of final debate president george w. bush's tactic heading into the third and final presidential debate this week is to paint his opponent john kerry as a dangerous leftist who wants to increase the government's role in public life.
2			politics	baseball	cheating	basketball	athletics	sport	football	gambling	competition			turning the paige: it 's now mizzou arena the university of missouri board of curators on friday voted to rename the columbia campus basketball arena mizzou arena, severing the connection between the posh sports facility and allegations of cheating at a university 1,700 miles away.
4			electronics	computer	hacking	alien	engineering	programming	software	technology	car			thunderbird well worth a test flight many people don 't pay all that much attention to their e mail software. after all, it takes a real geek to care about the fine points of one program or another, especially when they all do more or less the same thing.
4			network	mobility	ethernet	technology	photo	networking	research			photo: national lambdarail architecture nlr is a consortium of 18 universities and research groups that are building the first nationwide optical network owned and operated by researchers.
4			cable	network	privacy	technology	broadband	internet	networking			feds expected to ease net phone rules sources say fcc on tuesday will further exempt internet calls from state rules and taxes. but is cable a fly in the ointment?
1			politics	america	election	campaign	democrat	democracy	clinton			campaign trail takes clinton to south florida it was, in short, a rock star scale reception as former president bill clinton made high profile campaign appearances monday evening and tuesday in south florida aimed at inspiring democrats to elect sen. john f. kerry president next week.
4			business	manufacturing	collaboration	technology	workplace	innovation	networking	ibm	industry			ibm signs up 100 vendors for workplace ibm said the strategy is to enable companies to centrally manage business applications and tools across employee devices. that should help companies cut it support costs as well as build work
3			history	business	technology	marketing	corporation	research	industry			university to set up archive of bust dot com company business ... budding entrepreneurs and historians of the future will be able to look back on the madness of the dot com boom. the university of maryland has received government and private grants to archive the business
4			job	statistics	manufacturing	boston	technology	tech	research	google	industry			boston area tech jobs decline greater boston ranks third among top information technology labor markets that have lost a significant number of tech jobs, according to a study released yesterday.
2			statistics	match	result	soccer	sport	football	fifa	racism	media			fa charges keegan with abusive behavior manchester city manager kevin keegan was charged by the football association on tuesday with verbally abusing the referee following his side 's 4 3 defeat to newcastle.
2			doping	athletics	sport	race	athlete	cyclist	drug	cycling			kenteris denies faking bike crash kostas kenteris, the greek sprinter who quit the olympics after failing a drugs test, has denied faking a motorcycle accident to avoid giving a doping sample.
4			computer	application	linux	technology	storage	system	networking	ibm	server			ibm adds four way 550 server to new i5 product line ibm corp. bolstered the new eserver i5 server lineup with the i5 550, a new system based on the power 5 chip that can run multiple operating systems.
3			inflation	trend	price	sale	marketing	market	finance	consumer	retail	industry			retail sales stronger than expected improved sales of household goods, clothing, footwear and food helped retail sales increase 0.6 per cent in november, increasing the likelihood of higher interest rates next year.
4			computer	competitor	microsoft	technology	innovation	speed	competition	intel	linux			amd vs intel microsoft 's internet explorer is taking painful punches from competition it 's never before bothered to acknowledge as competition, and now intel, having abandoned its quest for speed, has advanced micro devices breathing down its neck.
1			election	politics	israel	coalition	war	democracy	iraq	terrorism			sharon's likud rejects coalition bid first returns israeli prime minister ariel sharon's right wing likud party voted wednesday to bar a coalition with center left labor that he seeks to advance his gaza withdrawal plan, according to early returns.
1			politics	election	diplomacy	violence	democracy	war	peace	terrorism	africa	genocide			ivorean head won't 'hinder' peace ivory coast's leader vows not to block peace moves in the divided nation as the un imposes an arms embargo.
3			employee	ceo	acquisition	privacy	microsoft	company	strategy	corporate	corporation			microsoft cfo: expect more acquisitions microsoft corp. may make more large acquisitions than it has done historically and become a more distributed company rather than moving key employees to its redmond, wash
3			politics	business	ceo	retirement	strategy	money	leadership			report: forstmann to quit in 2006 theodore forstmann, a pioneer in the leveraged buyout frenzy of the 1980s and 1990s, plans to leave the business in 2006, the new york times said on sunday.
2			statistics	england	soccer	management	sport	football	fifa	money			barwick handed post as fa chief executive brian barwick last night accepted the chief executive 's position at the football association following a final round of interviews earlier in the day.
2			insurance	baseball	hockey	sport	miracle			the thrill isn't gone just yet apres le deluge , now what? well, a possible miracle of the shoe, if terry francona is to be believed, and that comes with a parental warning, given the tardiness with which the red sox disclosed the severity of curt schilling's right ankle injury.
3			brand	product	acquisition	trend	sale	marketing	company	merger			kmart names yum brands aylwin lewis chief executive kmart holding corp. named yum! brands inc. executive aylwin lewis as president and chief executive officer, replacing julian day, to reverse declining sales growth.
1			politics	election	israel	democracy	religion	terrorism	malaysia	pakistan	politician			thousands turn out in big send off for malaysia 's anwar kuala lumpur : thousands of supporters turned out at the airport to give malaysia 's ex deputy prime minister anwar ibrahim a rousing send off as he headed for surgery in germany on his second full day of freedom after six years in jail.
3			business	manufacturing	speculation	economics	stock	risk	competition	money	industry			stocks up despite consumer confidence news a late session buying spurt gave stocks a moderate lift tuesday as investors managed to overcome their disappointment over troubling readings on consumer confidence and manufacturing. but with volume extremely light, analysts said it was difficult to place any real significance on the upturn...
4			computer	network	ethernet	privacy	wireless	technology	networking	intel	security	linux			intel drops plans to make grantsdale chip a wi fi access point intel corp. no longer plans to turn its latest batch of chip sets into wireless access points, citing a lack of interest from pc vendors and the proliferation of stand alone access points.
4			electronics	computer	price	technology	car	performance	availability	speed	linux			new ibook g4 is fastest model to date apple computers latest ibook range is the fastest to date. still lacking in raw speed compared to intel centrino based laptops, the consumer model is available from just 636 ex.
4			computer	hacking	software	privacy	technology	piracy	security	linux			dhs official: safer software is everyone 's responsibility imposing government security standards on software companies is not the answer to improving the security of the country 's computer networks, a us department of homeland security official said thursday.
4			computer	business	acquisition	privacy	technology	strategy	competition	security			siebel to acquire edocs for $ 115 million siebel systems has agreed to acquire edocs, a maker of e billing and customer self service applications, for $ 115 million, siebel said friday.
4			manufacturing	technology	photography	performance	growth	innovation	patent	research	hr	industry			kodak benefits from surge in digital sales and a gain for unit 's ... eastman kodak co., boosted by the sale of a remote sensing business and gains in digital photography, recorded a sharply higher profit in the third quarter and beat wall street forecasts by a wide margin.
4			politics	computer	privacy	technology	time	money	email			from spam to spit it doesn 't exist yet, but you know it 's coming. spam on your cell phone is only a matter of time. what was once the province of small companies like vonage and 8x8 nasdaq
1			election	politics	survival	war	democracy	terrorism	reality			election is turning into a duel of the manly men political analysts say they've never seen anything quite like the tough guy competition between president bush and massachusetts sen. john kerry. they point to two reasons: millions of hunters and fishermen live in the battleground states each candidate needs to win, and voters everywhere are haunted by 9 11.
4			electronics	radio	computer	television	movie	technology	tv	media			coming soon: high definition tv cellphones cellphones, which already double as cameras, internet devices and music players, are poised to merge with the largest of home appliances the television.
4			network	technology	internet	communication	telecommunication	networking			q a on cingular at merger a: combining the two companies networks should result in clearer calls, fewer dropped calls during peak hours and broader availability of coverage.
4			cyber	computer	hacking	privacy	technology	tech	strategy	security			techies want assistant secretary to address cybersecurity the technology industry stands behind its call for an assistant secretary for cybersecurity in the homeland security department, even as confusion grows over what the department is planning.
2			sex	hockey	sport	strategy			consummate bruin bourque is enshrined among nhl 's finest for 22 years, ray bourque had been preparing for last night. as he played each game of his national hockey league career, he wasn 't cognizant
4			science	technology	copyright	invention	innovation	patent			a patent strain on innovation some things are patently ridiculous. one is the us patent system, an institution in desperate need of reform.
4			revenue	network	telecom	regulation	technology	telecommunication	consumer	competition	industry			nortel sees lower 3rd quarter revenue nortel networks corp. expects to report lower 2004 third quarter revenues compared to the second quarter, north america's largest maker of telecom equipment said in a market update required by regulators on thursday.
3			disney	shareholder	company	power	greed	bankruptcy	corporation	money			disney shareholders to get their day in court walt disney co. shareholders are to finally get their day in court, seven years after suing the company for allegedly wasting corporate assets by buying out the contract of former president michael ovitz for 140 million dollars.
2			coaching	lakers	spurs	basketball	sport	football	player	malone	nba			karl malone visits lakers training camp karl malone showed up at the los angeles lakers training camp saturday to visit old teammates and club officials.
2			bear	chicago	sport	football	rivalry			did the rivalry mean more to bears? the bears looked like patsies coming into lambeau field sunday, but they upset the packers 21 10 in the home opener at green bay. was it because the traditional rivalry meant more to the bears?
1			politics	violence	race	love	drug	money	morale			morales tries to prove that he 's worth the weight the fine, pure hate that erik morales has for marco antonio barrera might be motivation enough for the tijuana fighter here tonight, but there also is a more tangible factor in his favor.
2			coaching	baseball	espn	sport	recruiting	football	coach	stanford	ucla			source: stanford fires coach teevens stanford football coach buddy teevens was fired after three straight losing seasons, an athletic department source said monday on condition of anonymity.
2			baseball	magic	basketball	sport	football	winning	time	competition	money			late surge lifts us past aussies the mason 's union membership cards should be arriving any day now, but while they wait for them to be distributed, the united states men 's basketball team was able to concoct a winning formula by ...
3			wong	business	ceo	china	management	bank	finance	banking			standard chartered bank standard chartered bank hong kong limited scbhk announces monday that peter wong, chief executive officer of the scbhk, has decided to leave the bank with effect from nov. 19, 2004.
4			business	privacy	technology	company	tech	strategy	innovation	analytics			five tech firms face crossroads netflix, palmsource, research in motion, tivo and vonage have great products and were first to market, but can they hold their leads?
3			trading	share	china	shareholder	company	stock	finance	security			after the bell: shares mcafee on the rise shares of software maker mcafee inc . were on the rise in extended trading on thursday after it reported third quarter financial news, and raised its revenue projection for the fourth quarter.
4			electricity	technology	broadband	internet	telecommunication	speed			broadband by power lines moves forward federal communications commission fcc changed its rules on friday in hopes of promoting wider broadband access throughout the nation by offering the service over power lines.
1			election	abortion	politics	democracy	parliament	censorship	corruption			opp rejects two offices bill islamabad: the senate opposition rejected the two offices bill on monday, arguing that it violated the constitution and deprived parliament of its powers.
1			election	politics	democracy	voting	iran	candidate	afghanistan	woman			afghans want real election before shugofa beheshti decides who to vote for in afghanistan 's october 9 presidential election, she wants to hear what the candidates have to say.
2			news	boxing	baseball	olympics	espn	basketball	athletics	sport	football			for wednesday ams ap olympic digest for wednesday ams. the supervisor is aaron watson. the phone number for the new york sports desk is 212 621 1630. reruns of stories and agate available from , from the service desk 800 838 4616 or your local ap ...
4			industry	microsoft	nokia	company	technology	money	number			nokia raises outlook, shares up mobile phone maker nokia raised its third quarter sales and earnings forecasts on thursday on the back of strong market demand, reversing a recent spate of grim outlooks and sending its share price higher.
3			industry	exchange	ibm	business	china	transaction	patent	banking	merger			global exchange to buy ibm services units b2b e commerce specialist global exchange services agrees to buy ibms electronic data interchange and business exchange services divisions.
4			politics	computer	hacking	privacy	technology	tech	patent	computing			presidential candidates differ in it questionnaire the computing technology industry association asked both campaigns to answer 12 technology related questions to help the trade group's 20,000 members get information about their views.
4			music	technology	marketing	advertising	multimedia	content	consumer	media			singingfish unveils multimedia search tool singingfish will reach out to consumers for the first time this week when it launches a revamped multimedia search engine on its web site.
4			mobile	virus	trend	privacy	technology	security			trend micro offers new mobile security trend micro mobile security is designed to protect data centric mobile devices such as smartphones against viruses and short message service sms spam.
4			computer	business	software	technology	microsoft	security	windows			not your father 's microsoft microsoft 's quarterly results released thursday make clear that the software maker is becoming a much different company than the one bill gates started back in 1975.
3			business	saving	buying	sale	marketing	shopping	profit	advertising	consumer	money			home depot writes big tickets shoppers spend more, giving the company yet another quarter of sales growth and even better earnings.
2			baseball	history	hockey	yankee	basketball	sport	boston	football	religion			schilling, boston halfway to history recent history suggests that ancient history may be, well, a thing of the past. the boston red sox, winless in the world series since 1918 and just a week ago three outs from elimination this 2004
3			business	ceo	privacy	technology	marketing	company	internet	growth			d.c.'s cogent expands in 23 markets the business internet firm plans to announce friday the latest move in a recent buying spree, a deal the company said will give it 2,400 new business customers for its high speed internet service.
4			virus	computer	hacking	privacy	technology	money	email	security			they've got your number coming soon to a phone near you: spam, scams and viruses galore. your text messages, address book and calls could be up for grabs. by annalee newitz from wired magazine.
1			politics	election	democrat	race	republican	money			adelstein tapped for another term in fcc president bush intends to keep democrat jonathan adelstein on the federal communications commission, the white house announced tuesday.
3			business	ceo	ft	growth	rs	money	cost	industry			imation to cut 250 imation corp. plans to lay off 250 employees in the fourth quarter in order to reduce expenses. these cuts are on top of imation 's lay off of 280 employees announced in july, a spokesman for the company confirmed.
2			marathon	running	athletics	race	sport	cycling			kirui, sun win world half marathon titles kenya 's paul kirui capped an impressive year by winning the men 's world half marathon title sunday, while china 's sun ying jie claimed the women 's race.
4			battery	flash	computer	device	usb	storage	technology	wireless	networking			wireless newsfactor palmone debuts new tungsten with 256 mb flash ... the 256 mb memory allocates 215 mb as storage for the user, with 55 mb as program memory and 160 mb as the internal flash drive. the flash memory in the tungsten t5 is still large enough to
3			vegas	travel	business	revenue	vacation	tourism	finance	profit	money			orbitz profit soars on revenue surge orbitz inc., the internet travel agency that is being bought by cendant corp., wednesday posted a 30 percent jump in third quarter profit, aided by a surge in hotel business.
4			electricity	network	ethernet	privacy	technology	broadband	internet	wireless	telecommunication	networking			aruba brings wi fi down from the ceiling instead of installing a handful of wireless access points in an office ceiling, aruba wireless networks' new wi fi grid system will offer a larger number of tiny grid points in floor level network outlets as part of the main network infrastructure.
3			business	buying	trend	sale	marketing	growth	retail	consumer	money			wal mart keeps sales view wal mart stores inc. monday said it still expects a 2 percent to 4 percent increase in september sales at its us stores open at least a year, and back to school demand picked up after a sluggish start.
4			electronics	computer	itunes	device	ipod	music	storage	technology	apple			chasing apple's ipod competitors' attempts to beat back apple's dominant hardware with devices offering more storage, a lower price or both virtues have gone nowhere.
1			politics	election	romney	kerry	debate	mccain			bush, kerry tentatively ok three debates the campaigns of president bush and sen. john kerry are working on the final details for a series of presidential debates set to begin at the end of the month...
2			baseball	nascar	espn	soccer	basketball	sport	football	coach	tennis			wizardsinsider who's next? br at lakers br friday, 10:30 p.m. br comcast sportsnet
4			computer	hardware	intel	technology	networking	silicon	computing	linux			intel, amd pack dual processing cores on single chip intel corp. and advanced micro devices inc. are revving up for what they see as the next big step in the evolution of x86 processorsthe introduction of dual processing cores.
2			coaching	overtime	baseball	espn	basketball	sport	football	vs	georgia			lady bulldogs host sun devils when asked if he was concerned with losing to arch rival georgia tech for the second time in three years last friday night that after the lady bulldogs won the first 24 meetings in the series by an average of more than 26 points per game ndy
4			network	wireless	technology	internet	bandwidth	broadband	telecommunication	networking			next gen net addresses move ahead nokia yesterday demonstrated streaming video over mobile phones using ipv6, the slow building successor to today's internet addressing system. broadband blog
1			election	politics	putin	democracy	voting	russia	ukraine	debate			ukraine's parliament to debate election crisis ukraine's parliament meets on saturday to debate a disputed presidential election a day after western mediators trying to end the turmoil gripping major cities managed to persuade the two rivals to start talks.
4			computer	graphic	linux	hardware	performance	memory	intel	computing	windows			ati radeon xpress 200 unveiled ati today has announced its radeon xpress 200 motherboard chipset. targeted at amd athlon 64 and sempron processors, the chipset features an integrated graphics core based on ati 's radeon x300 chipset.
1			politics	election	war	democracy	violence	negotiation	talk	peace	terrorism			sri lankan tamil rebels to resume talks conditionally a senior leader of sri lanka 's rebel liberation tigers of tamil eelam ltte said it is ready to resume peace talks with the government if its self rule proposal gets a positive response, a local newspaper reported sunday.
2			baseball	life	sport	football	time	reality	money			topsy turvy baseball world entices fans the world series has been over less than 48 hours and already i can 't wait for the free agent signing period to commence, for the winter meetings to unfold, for tensions between the boston red sox and new york yankees to escalate to unprecedented levels.
4			television	technology	nokia	camera	photography	phone	industry			nokia launches three new camera phones the world's largest mobile phone maker nokia launched on thursday three new handsets, the 7260, 7270 and 7280 models, all with cameras.
1			election	chen	politics	taiwan	democracy	china	race	corruption			president pleased with court ruling on election: aide taipei, nov. 4 cna president chen shui bian and vice president annette lu are pleased with a taiwan high court ruling against an opposition pan blue alliance lawsuit contesting the march 20 presidential election, chen 's chief of staff said thursday.
3			statistics	business	technology	marketing	company	analytics	ai	industry			business outspends gov 't when it comes to info tech services a census bureau survey says 60 of revenue for it services came from business in 2q. agency buys accounted for just 37. by eric chabrow.
4			chip	intel	technology	apple	hp	ibm	silicon	linux			ibm and chip partners take aim at intel ibm revealed on monday some milestones in its march to roll out a powerful new chip for consumer devices next year, a product that promises to heat up its rivalry with no. 1 chipmaker intel.
3			job	business	manufacturing	trade	technology	growth	innovation	employment	export	industry			services sector up, manufacturing down an industry survey said growth in the vast us services sector expanded in october, with a slight rise in the employment index. meanwhile, the commerce department said orders placed with us factories fell for
4			computer	mac	hardware	technology	power	performance	apple	networking	computing	linux			mac supercomputer gets performance makeover the apple based system x supercomputer at virginia tech has been upgraded to run at 12.25 teraflops. the system placed third on the list of the world 's most powerful supercomputers last
3			revenue	company	ft	profit	oil	competition	money	industry			kerr mcgee posts a drop in profit oil and gas producer kerr mcgee corp. kmg.n: quote, profile, research on wednesday reported a fall in quarterly profit, citing a writedown related to a pigment plant and higher environmental charges.
4			catalyst	connectivity	technology	cisco	networking	switch			cisco cooks up new catalysts, gbe ip phone touting improved security, availability and network wide 10 gbe speeds, cisco today unveiled a slew of upgraded catalyst switches that are set to ship in december and early 2005.
4			application	business	web	technology	website	seo			akamai boosts web application services the company fills out its hosted application lineup with four products designed for e commerce web sites.
3			business	revenue	stock	profit	finance	money	earnings			ebay reports sharply higher profit ebay, the world's largest online marketplace, today posted a quarterly profit that rose 77 percent from a year ago, fueled by growth in its international and paypal businesses.
2			politics	coaching	baseball	hockey	sport	football	attendance			woburn back in fine form senior mike mclaughlin returned from a three week layoff to lead woburn past watertown, 35 12, in a middlesex league football game yesterday.
1			politics	america	democracy	greed	religion	terrorism	money			la times chides bush for self justification washington: us president george w bush on wednesday received a rap across the knuckles from the los angeles times which observed that he might have done better at wooing broader international
2			baseball	hockey	retirement	basketball	sport	health	cancer			szczerbiak is healthy heading into season wally szczerbiak sat back after another day at the minnesota timberwolves training camp, with ice packs on his knees and recovery drink in hand, and smiled.
2			athens	history	game	olympic	olympics	sport	greece	event			triumphant olympics end with pride and relief a nervous world learned the greek word for thank you and repeated it endlessly at an astonishingly successful athens olympics that quelled fears, surprised skeptics and greatly honored the birthplace of the games.
4			computer	chip	collaboration	technology	networking	patent	memory	silicon	computing			ibm, amd work to shrink chips extended collaboration could result in chips built on 32 nanometer technology.
3			business	technology	marketing	advertising	freedom	money	free			wal mart says softness continues soft sales continued at wal mart stores in the latest week, the world 's largest retailer reported saturday. free! sign up here to receive our before the bell e newsletter!
4			mobile	flash	application	device	technology	patent			t mobile trials flash ofdm in the netherlands maidenhead, united kingdomt mobile international said it has deployed a trial of flarion technologies flash ofdm system for its mobile broadband services in the hague, the netherlands.
4			computer	linux	hardware	technology	system	ibm	silicon	computing	server			sun adds ultrasparc iv to 4 way, 8 way servers sun microsystems inc. is preparing to launch two systems that will bring its ultrasparc iv processor into the low end of the company 's server product line.
3			insurance	product	housing	manufacturing	sale	marketing	consumer	industry			profit jumps 13 percent for delta faucet parent masco corp., the parent company of carmel, ind. based delta faucet co., said third quarter net income rose 13 percent as a surge in home sales boosted sales of paints, cabinets and other home improvement supplies.
4			computer	television	privacy	technology	marketing	advertising	money			marketing for the third screen marketers are about to aim at the third screen: the one on the cellphone in your pocket.
4			electronics	gaming	chip	hardware	intel	technology	silicon	linux			intel unveils new chip platform hoping to annihilate its rivals in taiwan 's high end gaming market, chipmaker intel yesterday unveiled a new set of high performance products targeting hardcore users craving for an optimized platform for media manipulation and realistic game play.
2			cfl	television	espn	replay	sport	nfl	football	canada			cfl has staged two testing sessions of instant replay, league boss ... the cfl has conducted two field tests of instant replay this season but the league 's director of officiating doesn 't believe it would have resolved the controversial ending to friday night 's bc lions calgary stampeders game.
4			electronics	computer	manufacturing	chip	technology	performance	semiconductor	silicon	intel	industry			intel shares edge lower after downgrade intel corp. shares slipped on tuesday after credit suisse first boston downgraded the stock, forecasting that the computer chip maker will have difficulty outperforming the overall semiconductor sector next year.
4			authentication	virus	software	privacy	technology	vulnerability	encryption	security			security software protects data centric mobile phones and pdas trend micro has debuted a software package said to provide antivirus and anti spam protection for sms messaging on data centric mobile phones and pdas.
3			business	cash	investing	greed	finance	bankruptcy	wealth	risk	competition	money			solid third quarter for at wireless what will cingular wireless get after it pays $ 41 billion in cash to acquire at wireless later this year? the answer became clearer yesterday after at wireless reported third quarter financial results
4			windows	detail	hardware	technology	microsoft	apple	security	linux			microsoft removes key feature from longhorn microsoft has decided to remove a key feature of its next major windows operating system, codenamed longhorn, in order to keep its 2006 shipping deadline intact.
4			computer	networking	technology	innovation	apple	linux			week ahead: apple 's paris buzz following are some of the notable technology related events scheduled for the week of aug. 15. apple computer fans are dishing the scuttlebutt this week.
4			security	business	privacy	technology	money	phone			cingular 's quiet takeover although they wouldn 't know it from watching the company 's commercials or shopping in its stores. the cell phone provider is expected
2			injury	doping	athletics	race	sport	athlete	health	cancer			medical examiner finds no injuries on thanou source a medical examiner has found that greek sprinter katerina thanou, who was in hospital with fellow athlete costas kenteris, had no injuries, a judicial source said on tuesday.
3			business	investor	equity	investing	shareholder	finance	corporation	harmony	banking	merger			iss positive on harmony and gold fields merger harmony gold mining co. hmy.n: quote, profile, research harj.j: quote, profile, research on friday said institutional shareholder services, inc.
4			electronics	computer	tiny	technology	small	big	size	money	space			smaller can be better stores are stocked with an abundance of featherweight gadgets. but some of these tiny gadgets raise a new question: how small is too small?
2			coaching	baseball	college	basketball	sport	golf	football	money			top college programs focus on bottom line maybe it's finally time for every college with a big time football program or big time basketball program for that matter to turn pro.
4			network	mobility	ethernet	privacy	technology	wireless	networking	patent			expand beyond gets broad wireless patent expand beyond corp., which makes tools for remotely managing databases, has been awarded a broad patent for technology used to monitor and manage computer systems from a wireless device, the company announced friday.
2			baseball	hockey	volleyball	athletics	sport	basketball	golf	football	tennis			today's schedule college field hockey: bryant at merrimack, 3:30 p.m.; wellesley at wheaton, 3:30 p.m.; keene st. at bridgewater st., 4 p.m.; eastern connecticut at framingham st., 4 p.m.; regis at mit, 6 p.m.; aic at bentley, 7 p.m.; clark at babson, 7 p.m.
4			product	electronics	privacy	technology	marketing	copyright	fraud	patent	consumer			best buy sued for ripping off consumers giant us electronics retailer best buy has been sued by the state of ohio over alleged unfair and deceptive business practices.
2			baseball	giant	sport	football	money			shockey gives the giants a blast from the present tight end jeremy shockey, as flustered as anyone with the giants four game losing streak, said thursday that he had made a magnanimous offer to any teammate who thinks the giants cannot make the playoffs.
2			basketball	sport	height	competition	gymnastics			us team 's class clown grip and rips his way to a pole vault ... he 's a california surfer dude, an air guitar virtuoso and the us olympic team 's resident class clown. toby stevenson also happens to be very good at what he does: the pole vault.
3			revenue	sale	technology	marketing	company	finance	profit	patent	industry			peoplesoft expects sales above estimates business software maker peoplesoft inc. said monday that it expects third quarter revenue to range between 680 million and 695 million, above average wall street estimates of 651.9 million.
3			ibm	business	ceo	microsoft	company	oracle	analytics	accounting	industry			corporate software maker narrowly tops expectations oracle shares jumped wednesday morning after the corporate software giant 's quarterly results narrowly outpaced expectations overnight, with strength at its core database operations offsetting declines in its applications business.
4			ads	industry	technology	marketing	internet	advertising	google	media			us internet ad revenues up 42.7 percent to record internet advertising revenues in the united states surged 42.7 percent in the second quarter compared with the same period a year ago to 2.37 billion dollars, an industry group revealed.
4			computer	software	technology	censorship	copyright	piracy	linux			dvd copying system sparks legal battle it 's a clash between the film industry and a consumer electronics company over a home theatre jukebox. the legal battle is over something called the kaleidescape system.
2			politics	doping	race	sport	football	greece	drug	cycling			kenteris keen to clear his name the disgraced greek sprinter, kostas kenteris, has come out fighting over claims that he faked a motorcycle crash to avoid a drug test before the athens olympics.
2			coaching	baseball	basketball	sport	recruiting	football	kentucky	competition	money			routs not fooling smith, cats it seems to be a basketball paradox. kentucky dominates its early season opposition. coach tubby smith finds no difficulty in convincing his players of their shortcomings.
4			business	privacy	technology	time	google	money			investor weighs if google ipo was worth the time now that a week has passed and i've had time to digest the events surrounding google inc...
1			politics	america	election	violence	democracy	race	immigration	iraq	religion	terrorism			iraq 's interim president, jordan 's king visit white house welcoming iraq 's interim president to the white house offers president bush a chance to persuade iraqi minority groups to participate in next month 's election pivotal step toward a democracy still threatened by a violent
3			investor	speculation	investing	shareholder	company	growth	finance	money			vodafone doubles dividend vodafone, the mobile phone giant, yesterday confirmed it is to reward patient shareholders by doubling its interim dividend following a robust set of first half figures.
1			election	america	politics	democracy	china	voting	race			virtual vote lets non americans pick president even non americans can cast a vote in the upcoming u.s. presidential election thanks to a web site tracking world opinion on the race for the white house.
3			business	privacy	company	fraud	bankruptcy	corporation	money	merger			briefly: bea mobilizes corporate data roundup plus: web services outfits merge...microsoft sets holiday xbox bundle...palmsource settles digeo patent suit...maxtor loses its cfo, again.
2			baseball	retirement	sport	race	football	retire	williams	money			williams retirement saga continues new york, ny sports network former nfl running back ricky williams wants to know where he stands after retiring and subsequently being ordered to pay back nearly $ 9 million to the miami dolphins.
2			america	baseball	basketball	sport	football	softball	money			swing and miss for d.c. the question of whether baseball will now jerk its franchise out of washington is a mere foregone conclusion. why would baseball come here? we have pulled a bait and switch on the sport.
4			dell	computer	manufacturing	hardware	software	technology	networking	pcs	intel	linux			dells new blade home grown or not? competitors criticise dell for a lack of engineering expertise, but the company says one significant computer due to launch in november is its own design: its second generation blade server, the poweredge 1855.
1			politics	election	controversy	history	democracy	china	corruption	terrorism	money			time yet right to reopen controversial law, says tung hong kong 's beijing backed chief executive yesterday ruled out any early moves to pass a controversial national security law which last year sparked a street protest by half a million people.
2			politics	america	baseball	basketball	sport	football	softball			baseball: after 34 years, baseball returns to washington forget the mayhem in iraq, the presidential elections, even last night 's candidates debate. a banner headline yesterday in the washington post proclaimed the only news in
3			buying	trend	sale	marketing	stock	growth	finance	advertising	retail	industry			wal mart clouds november retail investors flocked back into retail stocks wednesday ahead of the monthly onslaught of sales reports, encouraged by positive consumer spending data from october.
4			mobile	network	technology	nokia	wireless	networking	phone			cingular releases sony ericsson z500a cingular wireless is now offering the sony ericsson z500a handset. the z500a is a gsm gprs edge clamshell phone, offering high speed data transfers for mms, web browsing, and either pop3 or imap4 e mail access.
2			baseball	history	hockey	sport	football	money	toronto	canada			canada strikes first: thornton shines in 2 1 win over usa the business of hockey as we know it may be on its last wobbling legs. but the people who play the game of hockey showed just how entertaining the sport could be last night at the bell centre.
4			business	software	management	technology	integration	solution	system	security			solution technology is acquired michigan based logicalis paying $ 15.7 million for indianapolis it firm; mindgent spinoff not included in deal. by norm heikens. solution technology inc.
4			computer	code	programming	software	technology	evolution	linux			open source the salvation army of software? is open source becoming the dumping ground for no longer wanted software, sort of like a salvation army dropoff point for programs instead of old clothes?
2			coaching	baseball	history	basketball	sport	football	oklahoma	texas			beating oklahoma would be ok with the longhorns when it happens, somehow it will change. it will change by making the remainder of the season more meaningful, extending the dreams of a bcs bowl
4			electronics	radio	electricity	technology	internet	communication	broadcasting	telecommunication			fears for new digital radio system using power lines for the net could disrupt a new digital radio system, a broadcasting conference hears.
2			coaching	baseball	history	statistics	basketball	sport	recruiting	football	chelsea	competition			south shore goes out a winner it's not a super bowl, but south shore voke is not complaining. the vikings, who won back to back division 7 super bowls before moving up a division this season, capped their 2004 campaign by defeating blackstone valley, 16 6, last night in the vocational football championship series small school final at chelsea high school.
4			windows	electronics	pc	computer	privacy	technology	microsoft	pcs	linux			oqo pocket size windows xp pc clever but could be better i'm guessing the founders of a san francisco start up called oqo are bummed that microsoft long ago snagged the name pocket pc for its personal digital assistants. because pocket pc might be the ideal moniker for oqo's new model 01 ultrapersonal computer upc for short.
2			politics	america	baseball	basketball	sport	football	washington	money			cats try to bust out of cellar it may not be for the pac 10 championship, but don 't tell the ua football team that its matchup with washington doesn 't matter.
3			trading	inflation	trade	trend	price	sale	market	stock	export	industry			july business inventories up more than expected businesses saw inventories rise in july and sales picked up, the government reported wednesday. the commerce department said that stocks of unsold goods increased 0.9 in july, down from a 1.1 rise in june.
4			data	technology	marketing	performance	growth	finance	innovation	research	money			research in motion boosts guidance research in motion rimm posted second quarter earnings per share of 36 cents, vs. 1 cent one year earlier, on a sharp revenue rise.
1			politics	election	history	survival	democracy	peace	power	afghanistan	leader	leadership			afghans need time, world 's continued help wherever people are given the opportunity to select their leaders for the first time, they will embrace it. they defy all odds violence, threats, the elements, logistical problems to have their say.
4			mobile	australia	network	technology	telecom	telecommunication	carrier			optus, vodafone in 3g link telcos optus and vodafone australia will combine to create a national 3g mobile network, just three weeks after rival telstra corp entered a similar deal.
4			plasma	electronics	dell	computer	television	manufacturing	technology	patent	pcs			dell adds plasma tvs, printers to lineup new york dell inc. ventured deeper into consumer electronics thursday, adding plasma televisions to its growing lineup of home entertainment products.
4			electronics	battery	computer	linux	device	technology	innovation	networking	industry			companies unite to make uhapi a plan to help network various consumer devices is getting a boost this week thanks to a newly formed group of consumer electronics companies and chipmakers.
4			computer	privacy	technology	power	innovation	networking	utility	computing	linux			name? one day hewlett packards utility data center udc is proof of the companys leadership in the emerging on demand, adaptive computing, pay as you go world.
4			gaming	microsoft	technology	marketing	entertainment	strategy	advertising			microsoft 's strategy: be apple tuesday, microsoft nasdaq: msft announced a strategy of bringing digital entertainment to users in the home, at the office, or on the go.
3			politics	business	investor	investment	investing	economics	greed	finance	money			the coming week: street fight with the republican national convention kicking off on monday and a slew of economic reports due out in the week ahead, investors could be in for some rough sledding.
4			ibm	dell	technology	growth	innovation	hp	patent	silicon	industry			us stocks rise, led by technology shares; dell advances us stocks rose, led by technology shares after dell inc. 's chief executive officer said demand at the world 's no. 1 personal computer maker is healthy.
4			manufacturing	trend	technology	aging	growth	innovation	change	silicon	industry			eyeing downturn, chip makers trim equipment buying the semiconductor industry is showing the first signs of slowing growth, trimming purchases of raw materials and production equipment as demand slows, industry executives and analysts said on tuesday.
2			coaching	baseball	florida	basketball	athletics	sport	recruiting	football	coach	joe			florida a m coach joe won't get extension florida a won't extend the contract of football coach billy joe beyond the 2005 06 season.
1			politics	election	campaign	tax	spending	finance	money	fund			report: bush spent nearly 46m in july a fresh wave of ads pushed president bush's spending to nearly 46 million for july, the republican's highest level since he launched the first ad blitz of his re election campaign in march, a campaign finance report filed friday shows.
4			graphic	technology	xml	evolution	change	design	windows			lyx wysiwym document processing wysiwyg is dead; long live wysiwym what you see is what you mean! well, perhaps that's an exaggeration. wysiwyg seemed like a great idea last century ; . with all the latest display and print technology, one could craft a document on screen and see it how it would be printed. the wysiwyg paradigm has become so entrenched in ui design it's almost taken for granted by users and developers.
3			trading	trend	technology	market	stock	finance	patent	risk	money	industry			us stocks higher, helped by ford outlook u.s. stocks opened higher on friday after ford motor co. raised its earnings forecasts, but qualcomm inc. weighed on the nasdaq index after the wireless technology company said it would review how it accounts for technology royalties.
3			reuters	business	investor	investing	shareholder	company	growth	finance	bloomberg	money			citigroup 's krawcheck gets no. 2 post fast rising exec replaces cfo todd thomson, who will take her job as head of brokerage smith barney. new york reuters citigroup inc.
4			device	connectivity	usb	technology	storage	content	multimedia	video			amd chips in for portable video players new chip will cut the time required to transfer content onto those devices.
2			politics	coaching	baseball	history	michigan	basketball	sport	football	rivalry			fighting irish should build on momentum there is no conference or in state affiliation between these two programs, but it hasn 't prevented the annual notre dame michigan state game from becoming one of the most heated rivalries in all of college football.
4			wired	network	ethernet	technology	wireless	internet	broadband	telecommunication	networking			broadband pushes europe web users to 100 million wired wireless continues its reign as the top it priority among it managers due to widespread wireless installations, ip telephony deployment, and other network infrastructure upgrades.
4			cluster	network	connectivity	ethernet	technology	networking	linux			sc2004: pathscale introduces world 's lowest latency cluster ... pittsburgh, sc2004 supercomputing conference, nov. 9 prnewswire pathscale, developer of innovative software and hardware solutions to accelerate the performance and efficiency of linux clusters, announces the pathscale infinipath interconnect.
3			gm	business	ceo	trend	marketing	retailer	bankruptcy	retail	diversity			ex macy 's executive to lead jc penney jc penney said yesterday that allen i. questrom, the chief executive who has restyled the once beleaguered chain into a sleeker and more profitable entity, would be succeeded by myron e. ullman iii, another longtime retail executive.
2			medal	sport	race	winning	victory			hamm has little time to savor all around victory thens, aug. 19 it was nearly 3 am and paul hamm was alone on his porch at the olympic village, sky dark, grounds quiet, gold medal hanging around his neck.
4			agriculture	chemicals	manufacturing	biotechnology	technology	company	plant	pharmaceuticals	patent	industry			finnish chemicals group kemira spins off fertilizer business growhow kemira, the finnish chemicals giant, spun off its fertilizer business growhow by listing it separately on the helsinki stock exchange with a launch price of 5.25 euros per share.
4			computer	pc	china	technology	microsoft	ibm	pcs	computing	linux			report: ibm selling its pc business china's largest maker of pcs is one of the potential buyers, newspaper says.
4			wired	network	mobility	ethernet	technology	wireless	telecommunication	networking	patent			alcatel to buy wireless, conferencing companies networking gear maker alcatel on friday announced acquisition plans for a pair of us companies to help it gain access to wireless and collaboration technologies.
3			insurance	business	stock	greed	bankruptcy	money			one really ugly mark on star gas inscribe this stock with losing customers, bad debt terms, and, maybe, bankruptcy.
2			politics	basketball	sex	sport	money			knight blames pampered olympians bob knight said yesterday that the us olympic men's basketball team didn't win the gold medal in athens last month because the players were too pampered on and off the court. the texas tech coach, speaking to the san antonio sports foundation, said things would have been different had he been leading the team instead of larry brown . for ...
2			baseball	retirement	sport	race	football	williams	money			retired williams owes dolphins: report former miami dolphins running back ricky williams on friday was ordered by an arbitrator to pay a huge sum of money to the nfl team, which filed a grievance against the star prior to training camp.
1			politics	election	democracy	polling	syria	iran	poll	iraq	afghanistan			iraq sets election date but unrest threatens poll iraq chose jan. 30 for its first democratic election in decades on sunday, but violence in sunni muslim areas underlined the challenge of holding polls on time.
3			business	acquisition	technology	shareholder	company	carrier	merger			cingular sells idea cellular stake cingular wireless continues to meet its at wireless merger approval obligations to shed some assets. the latest: the carrier is selling its stake in idea cellular.
1			election	indonesia	politics	history	democracy	iran	power	strategy	jakarta			susilo unveils plans for first 100 days in power indonesian prospective leader susilo bambang yudhoyono, who is predicted to emerge the winner ofthe presidential election runoff over incumbent president megawatisoekarnoputri
2			baseball	statistics	espn	basketball	athletics	sport	recruiting	football	scheduling	tennis			de la salle streak ends at 151 wins clovis west high was hoping to end de la salle 's football winning streak at 152 games when the teams play this weekend in concord.
4			computer	pc	linux	privacy	technology	pcs	computing	windows			looking to appeal to young people, pcs are going loud and bold plenty of 15 year olds would be happy to have a personal computer of their own. for sophie foreman of austin, texas, it's not enough. her complaint: the pc is too plain.
4			computer	statistics	planning	biotechnology	technology	architecture	photography	education	physics			sunnyvale, calif. dans le cadre de ses initiatives stratgiques en matire de technologie mirrorbit tm annonces ce jour, spansion llc a galement annonc ses plans pour une nouvelle gamme de priphriques mmoire flash.
1			election	politics	israel	democracy	voting	palestinian	corruption	voter			palestinian authority prevents voter registration arab palestinians launched a voter registration drive saturday, a first step toward long overdue elections, and palestinian authority palestine liberation organization chairman of terror yasser arafat promised that voting for parliament and president
1			election	america	politics	poll	bush	kerry	candidate	washington	canada			bush, kerry on swing state tours us presidential candidates george w bush and john kerry tour states seen as important to win november's poll.
3			revenue	trend	sale	market	growth	finance	loss	bankruptcy	competition			nortel reports loss in q3, sees pickup in q4 amid continuing problems with the release of its financial statements, nortel networksreported a loss for this year's third quarter, coupled with a drop in sales from the second quarter, but added that it expects improvements in fourth quarter revenue.
2			athens	boxing	game	olympic	olympics	sport	football	greece	event			olympics: unforgiving greeks boo as games turn ugly the olympics turned ugly when unforgiving greeks, incensed that fallen hero costas kenteris was missing from the 200 meters, delayed the final by booing and chanting for five minutes.
1			election	politics	australia	democracy	race	howard	money			good times make howard favourite this morning, as australians prepare to vote in their federal election, john winston howard looks increasingly likely to win a fourth term as prime minister, eclipsing labor 's bob hawke to become
2			baseball	television	nbc	network	espn	sport	cbs	football	abc	tv			abc shuns bcs abc has pulled its contract offer to the bowl championship series, a move that could result in three of college football's biggest games moving to another network.
3			trading	share	buying	shareholder	company	stock	market	corporation	security			stocks: shares rise on national semiconductor profit new york us stocks were little changed thursday, recovering earlier losses after an upbeat earnings report from the chip maker national semiconductor sparked some buying.
1			election	politics	democracy	china	iran	iraq	terrorism	security			iraq vote preparations said on schedule preparations for the crucial january election are on track and the absence of international observers due to the country's tenuous security should not detract from the vote's credibility, the top u.n. electoral expert here said.
2			coaching	scouting	espn	basketball	sport	warrior	playoff	nba	stats			golden state warriors team report december 16 the golden state warriors lost to the new orleans hornets, 98 89, on wednesday. the warriors are 1 1 on their current four game road trip.
4			computer	pc	linux	china	technology	ibm	pcs	computing	windows			report: global pc market set to soar the worldwide market for personal computers will double by the end of the decade, reaching about 1.3 billion units by 2010, according to forrester research.
4			trend	security	virus	technology			more mobile anti virus appears trend micro will become the latest major anti virus software company to provide protection against mobile phone viruses with the release today of trend micro mobile security 1.0.
2			baseball	family	yankee	sport	boston	football	money			feeling their pain the uphill battle the red sox face against the yankees is nothing new to boston fans.
4			processor	chip	hardware	intel	technology	performance	semiconductor	silicon			advanced micro plans to show new chip ahead of intel advanced micro devices plans to demonstrate its version of a new approach to processor design on tuesday, with a chip that is expected to offer faster computing and relatively less power consumption.
4			mobility	connectivity	wireless	standard	technology	networking	patent	security			two year bluetooth roadmap laid out bluetooth short range wireless connectivity is to receive a number of upgrades over the next two years, according to the body that controls development of the technology.
4			electronics	device	chip	intel	technology	semiconductor	silicon	linux			intel debuts m 765, the newest centrino chip the m 765 is made using intel 's newest 90 nm process. it will begin shipping immediately in centrino based consumer and business devices.
1			politics	election	democrat	poll	bush	kerry	debate	mccain	republican			poll: kerry gaining among swing voters democratic sen. john kerry gained some ground on president bush among swing voters in the last month, with several citing the presidential debates as a factor in their shift, according to a poll released wednesday.
4			coding	computer	hacking	software	programming	technology	encryption	networking	security			a new event in programming? a caltech spinoff's new programming language could make it easier for software to digest rfid data and look for security breaches.
3			acquisition	business	million	marketing	option	competition	money	merger			'global' vision for mci facing persistent speculation that mci inc. is positioning itself for a sale, the telecommunications company's chief executive, michael d. capellas, insisted yesterday he has ''no intention of breaking the company into pieces that could attract several buyers.
4			hacking	wired	network	privacy	wireless	technology	networking	security			t mobile adds security measure to hot spots com october 5, 2004, 10:57 am pt. zdnet 's survey of it professionals in august kept wired wireless on top for the 18th month in a row.
4			mobile	hacking	wireless	technology	sms	email			taking the sms gamble as chief marketing officer of uk mobile phone giant o2, kent thexton was in charge of convincing subscribers to gobble up wireless data.
3			business	ceo	marketing	strategy	restaurant	competition	food			mcdonald 's ceo vows to build on momentum mcdonald 's corp. 's second new ceo in eight months pledged friday to keep up the fast food giant 's momentum with more new menu items and a continued focus on restaurant improvements, adhering to a course that has reinvigorated the burger chain 's sales and
4			technology	company	tech	innovation	globalization	industry			technology firms find tougher terrain entrepreneurs and start ups emerging today find themselves in an environment different from that during the dot com boom.
2			coaching	overtime	baseball	statistics	espn	basketball	sport	recruiting	football	arkansas			game day recap tuesday, november 30 a typical night for tan white at mississippi state led to a rare upset of louisiana tech. white scored 28 points to lead the bulldogs to a 72 55 upset of the 21st ranked lady techsters on tuesday night.
4			flash	device	usb	technology	nokia	wireless	networking	intel	linux			intel intros new flash software with an eye on gaining a stronger foothold in the wireless market, intel has launched new flash memory software, along with a developer toolset, to speed the design and deployment of applications for next generation multimedia phones.
3			ceo	management	transparency	shareholder	company	strategy	director	corporation	leadership			disney s direct effect it used to be that a board of directors could show up once a month, listen to a couple of presentations and leave it to the ceo to make most decisions.
4			network	connectivity	encryption	system	networking	configuration	security	linux			air force turns to microsoft for network security new deal aims to simplify and protect air force networks by introducing standard configurations.
4			industry	dell	privacy	technology	internet	security	linux			tech group launches anti spyware campaign a prominent internet safety organization and leading computer maker dell inc. dell launched a campaign friday to help consumers fend off spyware, software that can cause sluggish computer performance or popup ads and secretly monitor the activities of internet users...
4			electronics	electricity	engineering	bridge	technology	wireless	car	power	energy			spanning the globe check out those electromagnetic dampers! a user's guide to the five coolest bridges on earth. by david goldenberg from wired magazine.
3			brand	business	ceo	acquisition	entrepreneur	technology	company	innovation	corporation			building a fortune fortune brands' ceo talks about the company's history, expansion, and innovation.
2			boxing	athletics	sport	football	athlete	cricket	swimming	tennis	cycling			athletics: it 's britain by a vest thickness britain took a shock gold in the men 's 4x100m relay, pipping favourites the united states by 100th of a second. mark lewis francis held off 2000 olympic 100m champion maurice greene in a blistering last leg to clinch the gold in 38.
2			coaching	baseball	statistics	win	sport	money			before helping the red sox to a championship, schilling helped ... curt schilling, who was instrumental in helping the boston red sox win the world series for the first time in 86 years, had a better year than people realize.
4			statistics	acquisition	ceo	privacy	technology	company	security	industry			truesecure to merge with new york company herndon based information technology security company truesecure is merging with new york based betrusted holdings, creating what the companies say is the largest privately held it security company with $ 160 million in annual revenue.
4			computer	acquisition	business	software	privacy	technology	encryption	networking	security			update 2: computer associates to acquire netegrity computer associates international inc. will acquire netegrity inc. in a $ 430 million cash deal that will merge the computer security software makers, the companies said wednesday.
1			politics	election	controversy	israel	australia	democracy	religion	terrorism	debate	canada			in australia: debate hots up australia 's political leaders went head to head yesterday in a national debate dominated by the war on terror as campaigning for the oct 9 polls resumed.
2			ms	basketball	volleyball	sport	football	woman			conley making field hockey mark at babson babson college field hockey player elise conley of shrewsbury, who suffered a facial injury last season that required her to wear a protective mask, has come back in a big way this fall.
3			business	investor	shareholder	greed	litigation	fraud	finance	bankruptcy	money	merger			report lehman near deal on enron lawsuits lehman brothers holdings inc. is close to settling a class action lawsuit for 220 million stemming from allegations that it colluded with other brokerages to mislead enron corp. shareholders, the wall street journal reported on thursday.
2			pittsburgh	baseball	espn	soccer	basketball	sport	football	pitt			eagles foiled by pitt stop forget the curse of the bambino. how about the curse of heinz field?
4			electronics	battery	computer	dell	philip	technology	pcs	silicon	linux			dell gets philips order philips might have started selling pcs again, but they are still outsourcing their internal pc needs. and dell is the lucky one to get the deal worth around usd 700 millions!
2			coaching	baseball	hockey	soccer	basketball	sport	football	coach	canada			canada basketball dumps senior men 's national coach jay triano canada basketball dumped jay triano on tuesday after some six years as men 's team head coach and 11 years as a player seven of them as captain.
3			product	price	sale	marketing	profit	retail	food	consumer	money	merchandise			supermarket chain loblaw 's profit up 18 at $ 258m with merchandise ... cost cutting and a further shift toward higher margin general merchandise in new stores helped loblaw cos. ltd. grow its quarterly profit by 18 per cent, executives at canada 's biggest supermarket chain said friday.
4			business	privacy	broadband	technology	internet	telecommunication	email			sbc to launch local internet based calling in 2005 sbc communications sbc.n: quote, profile, research will introduce an internet based calling service for its local telephone customers early next year and will consider offering the service nationally later, the company said on
2			marathon	olympics	race	sport	athlete	woman			going the entire distance kantor 's marathon bronze was true team ... when deena kastor rode the bus to the start of sunday 's women 's olympic marathon race, she was jolted by the reality of the time and the place.
3			bankrupt	life	business	privacy	company	finance	fraud	bankruptcy	corporation	money			personal, corporate bankruptcies take dip bankruptcies, dominated by personal filings, fell by about 1 percent in the year that ended june 30, with business bankruptcies falling almost 4 percent, the administrative office of the us courts said friday.
4			radio	cellular	broadband	technology	telecommunication	money	phone	number			how to make the right call on cell plans wireless phone service is one of the great bargains of the modern age. when the post began its annual comparison of cellular calling plans in 1998, $ 40 bought a lousy 100 minutes of talk time a month.
1			election	politics	iran	candidate	afghanistan			chief rivals to hamid karzai concede election defeat in ... kabul, afghanistan the top challengers in the afghan presidential election are conceding defeat to hamid karzai hah mihd kahr zeye .
4			processor	computer	chip	hardware	performance	memory	silicon	intel	computing	linux			sun doubles ultrasparc performance sun microsystems has announced an upgrade to its ultrasparc iv processor with further use of chip multithreading. ultrasparc iv is a dual core design fabricated by texas instruments on its 90nm process.
1			election	nigeria	politics	democracy	egypt	immigration	corruption	migration	candidate			ivory coast overturns candidacy rule lawmakers approved amending ivory coast 's constitution friday to widen the pool of potential presidential candidates, implementing a crucial reform from a french
1			election	politics	democracy	polling	parliament	iran	terrorism	afghanistan	pakistan			pakistan assembly discards anti speaker motion pakistan's national assembly discarded a no confidence motion against its speaker on friday after opposition deputies declined to vote when the deputy speaker refused to allow all 107 of those present to speak.
4			politics	computer	business	privacy	technology	networking	money	phone			phone line alchemy: copper into fiber keller, texas rick montey and his two worker crew want to present a new image of the local phone company: prompt, friendly and hands on helpful.
4			ibm	computer	linux	intel	technology	apple	hp	patent	silicon	industry			intel reports 3q sales, earnings gains booming sales of server and mobile computing microprocessors push third quarter revenue and net income beyond earlier guidance. by darrell dunn.
2			coaching	medal	doping	olympics	athletics	sport	athlete	competition	gymnastics			gymnastics: hamm relieved but bitter over medal fight paul hamm said he was relieved but had some bitter feelings after thursday 's decision to let him keep his olympic all round gymnastics gold medal.
3			business	technology	growth	profit	finance	risk	money	industry			earnings alert: novell sees weakness in it spending plus: salesforce reports rise in profit...nortel to lay off 3,500...intuit posts loss while revenue earnings rise amid internal turmoil.
4			network	connectivity	ethernet	technology	switching	cisco	networking	switch			cisco switches add 10gige features cisco systems on tuesday beefed up its switching portfolio with several new and upgraded switches and systems designed to make 10gige more affordable, increase availability, boost security, and add power over ethernet features.
2			politics	coaching	baseball	history	pittsburgh	steelers	sport	football			steelers are built to win the hard way pittsburgh they have a rookie at quarterback and a 32 year old plowhorse at running back, but the numbers insist we ought to be taking the pittsburgh steelers seriously as potential super bowl champions.
2			coaching	baseball	statistics	improvement	basketball	sport	defense	football	offense			giants: punt returns a top priority in his never ending search for areas that need improvement, coach tom coughlin found one in the phase of the game he is known to emphasize: special teams.
4			privacy	biotechnology	technology	tech	energy	innovation	patent	industry			after the election: key high tech issues rick white, head of the technet policy group discusses technology in next year's congress and in the second term of the bush administration.
3			statistics	business	trend	sale	ft	finance	growth	money	earnings	industry			update 3 dr horton earnings jump, sees strong 2005 homebuilder dr horton inc. dhi.n: quote, profile, research on wednesday posted a 52 percent increase in quarterly profit on strong orders for new homes and forecast better than expected results for 2005.
4			electronics	nintendo	technology	ip	patent	samsung	sony			sony, samsung agree to share toys sony and samsung have entered into a far reaching technology licensing agreement that opens stacks of each company 's intellectual properties to the other.
4			computer	business	technology	marketing	innovation	networking	ibm			sc2004 supercomputing show kicks off with focus on business it the growth of supercomputing as an enterprise it option is one of the highlights of this week's sc2004 supercomputing conference, which kicks off tomorrow in pittsburgh.
2			baseball	giant	sport	football	hope	cancer			last stand by the jets' defense comes way too early this late in the year, the direct sunlight leaves the field early at giants stadium, even on the brightest days.
1			election	politics	contract	trade	bid	ranking	candidate	finance	competition			former eu trade chief lamy wins backing for wto job under wto rules, candidates for the organization 's top job must formally submit their bids before january, with the 148 nation wto expected to select supachai panitchpakdi 's replacement by the end of june.
4			giant	privacy	microsoft	technology	encryption	strategy	security			microsoft moves against spyware with giant acquisition microsoft has purchased giant company software, a small anti spyware software company it hopes will shore up its security defenses.
4			computer	hacking	privacy	technology	internet	commerce	terrorism	money			gone in 30 seconds: your money your credit card information is coming under more frequent attack on the internet than ever before. a study by symantec corp. says electronic commerce has become the favourite target of computer hackers.
1			politics	something	money	england			spotted in england: men reading ... and talking about it in this year's national reading group competition, the racketeers stood alone as the only all male outfit.
2			team	sport	race	car	football	finance	motorsport	money	racing			teams agree deal to save grand prix for silverstone formula ones teams last night put on a united front to come to the rescue of the british grand prix with a 20 million package that should put the nations most important motor race back on the calendar next year.
2			senior	homecoming	basketball	sport	football	georgia			georgia's seniors show their class when georgia's seniors are introduced before their final game at sanford stadium, the crowd always sends them off with respectful cheers. well, this group should get a rousing ovation.
4			computer	network	privacy	technology	marketing	internet	copyright	networking	competition	security			key internet domain up for grabs this month, the overseer of the internet's addressing system will begin deciding what company will run the .net domain. the stakes are high, and so is the responsibility.
4			windows	computer	pc	technology	microsoft	apple	pcs	linux			ballmer: we need a $ 100 pc the microsoft ceo says one way to stem growing piracy of windows and office in emerging markets is to offer low cost computers.
4			linux	connectivity	technology	storage	cloud	networking	availability	security	server			hitachi ups high end storage ante the new hds storage platform and software enables extensive virtualization, heterogeneous management and universal storage agnostic replication, hitachi said.
4			industry	dell	manufacturing	healthcare	storage	technology	manufacturer	availability	linux			dell makes it official, chooses nc for facility dell announced today it is adding to its us manufacturing operations with a third location, to be placed in the triad area of north carolina.
4			organization	network	technology	company	group	networking	industry			consortium forms to set network centric communications standards the network centric operations industry consortium ncoic formally introduced itself this week at a tuesday sept. 28 press conference in washington, dc the new group, consisting initially of 28 companies
3			business	nothing	sears	marketing	shopping	bankruptcy	money	retail	merger			kmart sears merger not a cure kmart corp. 's cheeky proposal to acquire sears, roebuck and co. for $ 11 billion may be wowing wall street, but it doesn 't do anything to fix the serious problems afflicting two
1			politics	intelligence	war	democracy	peace	stability	iraq	strategy	terrorism	change			hawks push deep cuts in forces in iraq a growing number of national security specialists who supported the toppling of saddam hussein are moving to a position unthinkable even a few months ago: that the large us military presence is impeding stability as much as contributing to it and that the united states should begin major reductions in troops beginning early next year.
4			sci	electronics	computer	hacking	magic	hacker	technology	tech	security			beat hackers and learn to spy at italy tech fair fingerprint sensors, gadgets to pry open doors and transmitters to spy on unsuspecting targets were among the wizardry on show at the opening of italy's biggest technology fair on thursday.
2			coaching	baseball	history	statistics	basketball	sport	defense	football	detroit	texas			marshfield holds off billerica billerica's furious comeback attempt fell short as jerry freed intercepted three passes to lead marshfield to a 27 15 win last night.
4			electronics	battery	radiation	computer	magic	technology	power	gun			alienware 's 4ghz pentium i don 't know if it 's the nerves of steel needed to run components so far beyond their factory specifications that they need to be refrigerated, or the glowing water cooling pipes they use, or it might even be the uv lamps and dodgy
2			mlb	baseball	radio	television	nbc	espn	sport	football	tv			mlb announces 11 year deal with xm satellite radio com. major league baseball has expanded its availability to fans everywhere in yet another important way, announcing on wednesday an 11 year, $ 650 million agreement with xm satellite radio
4			electricity	mobility	connectivity	technology	broadband	internet	telecommunication	energy			broadband by power lines moves forward fcc clears the way for more companies to offer the alternative form of net access.
4			device	manufacturing	chip	technology	performance	semiconductor	silicon	intel	industry			global chip sales to remain flat this quarter new york, november 26 the semiconductor industry association sia expects global semiconductor sales to remain sequentially flat in the current quarter, while reiterating its forecasts of at least 28 y y growth in worldwide chip
4			linux	hardware	technology	standard	performance	development	security	reliability			pci express support for amd64 desktop platforms i guess this news will have to hold us over until the individual companies make their announcements. amd today announced pci express support from leading chipset manufacturers, offering performance hungry
4			application	java	trend	technology	project	initiative	innovation	tool	linux			tools wrap: sun, javalobby, infravio make moves officials at sun microsystems, javalobby, and infravio this week revealed initiatives positioned as advances in either java development or web services consumption.
1			politics	abortion	controversy	marriage	democrat	election	race	religion	terrorism	republican			republicans push controversial votes flag burning and the words under god in the pledge of allegiance are about to join gay marriage among the volatile issues that congressional republicans have pushed to votes ahead of the election to remind the public how the gop and democrats differ.
2			baseball	history	hockey	sport	football	cancer	canada	toronto			canada nips finland 3 2 in world cup final the world cup returned to canada after 13 long years. how long hockey will be gone is anyone's guess.
2			running	volleyball	basketball	sport	athletics	football	athlete	swimming	tennis	woman			day seven preview: athletics begins latest updates as denise lewis prepares her bid for heptathlon gold.
3			statistics	business	company	growth	finance	profit	money	earnings	industry			earnings alert: sap earnings beat estimates plus: earthlink trims posts $ 7.1 billion loss...lucent sees first profitable year since issues sunny report.
2			boxing	baseball	trade	sport	boston	football	money			trade, fight put boston on charge up al east maybe it was the trade. maybe it was the fight. maybe it was just the inevitable byproduct of a supremely talented team finding its groove.
2			doping	nutrition	basketball	athletics	sport	football	athlete	drug	cycling			drugs found in raid on greek coach 's store greek police found nutritional supplements containing banned stimulants and steroids in a raid on premises used by the sprint coach at the centre of the athens olympics
3			business	investor	investing	company	greed	stock	growth	wealth	competition	money			a highflier laid low here is the fundamental question investors ask about individual companies and their stocks every day: what's this business really worth?
2			boxing	baseball	espn	sport	investing	football	celebrity	fortune	tennis	money			sports management giant img sold to investment company img, the sports and celebrity management group that represents such star names as tiger woods, michael schumacher and elizabeth hurley has been sold, it announced.
2			baseball	basketball	soccer	sport	nfl	football	book	quarterback	money			on football a giant task awaits new york 's manning life doesn 't get much better than being a successful quarterback in the nfl. tom brady dates actresses. brett favre has a best selling book.
4			green	building	biotechnology	technology	plant	architecture	greens	design			more developers are building green kristen galfetti 's small glass office at the new headquarters of genzyme, a producer of therapeutic drugs in cambridge, massachusetts, has two doors.
4			wired	network	connectivity	ethernet	privacy	broadband	technology	wireless	networking			will wimax replace dsl? despite intel's support of the emerging wireless technology, some doubt its potential.
4			software	privacy	storage	technology	patent	email	security	linux			veritas buys kvault software in $ 225m deal storage and backup application vendor veritas software corp. said today that it is acquiring e mail archiving vendor kvault software ltd. in a deal expected to wrap up next month.
2			baseball	basketball	sport	boston	nfl	football	chad			pennington proving to be the real deal it took a while for everything to fall into place, but it now seems clear: chad pennington is the real deal. listen live to nfl games, plus watch video news and features of your favorite team.
2			baseball	life	basketball	sport	football	detroit	cycling			editorial: basketbrawl friday night 's basketbrawl in detroit was a shameful chapter in sports history but also a conflagration of many of modern society 's common ailments hair trigger tempers, misplaced hostility, me firstism, emotional immaturity, incivility, lack of self
4			computer	privacy	technology	internet	copyright	networking	patent	money			web services patents fetch $ 15.5 million san francisco a mysterious bidder paid $ 15.5 million monday in a bankruptcy court auction of dozens of internet related patents and then rushed out of the courtroom.
4			security	network	ethernet	privacy	technology	vulnerability	cisco	networking	surveillance			cisco buys security start up cisco systems is making an acquisition designed to reinforce its security lineup, the company said thursday. the networking giant announced it will pay $ 74 million in cash for san francisco start up perfigo, a developer of network access control products.
4			industry	linux	manufacturing	technology	networking	ibm	intel	security	server			ibm, intel open up blade server specs hoping to accelerate the acceptance of blade servers, ibm and intel on thursday will lay bare their jointly developed technical specifications for its bladecenter platform that will allow developers to customize add on products and solutions.
2			coaching	baseball	florida	espn	sport	golf	football			getting some serious traffic in an effort to be fair and balanced, it should be pointed out that florida coach ron zook is just 65 seconds away from being undefeated and being a major player in the bowl championship series ratings.
1			politics	election	controversy	treason	democracy	iraq	terrorism	blair			british mps aiming to impeach blair over iraq war eleven members of the british parliament are planning to table a motion in the house of commons calling for the impeachment of prime minister tony blair over the way he took the nation into the iraq war, it was reported.
4			computer	privacy	technology	delay	apple	ibm	speed	security	reliability			analysts concerned about longer than expected g5 delays analysts from prudential equity group and ubs are warning that delayed shipments of g5 chips from ibm could affect apple computer's bottom line
4			processor	computer	device	hardware	intel	technology	performance	silicon	linux			intel releases faster 2.10 ghz pentium m, prices dropped on slower ... intel today released the latest pentium m chip in the form of the pentium m model 765. the pentium m 765 clocks in at 2.10ghz, contains 2mb cache and a 400mhz system bus.
4			network	gaming	movie	technology	marketing	microsoft	entertainment	multimedia	media			gates lays out all encompassing digital media plans microsoft chairman bill gates presented his company 's vision of digital entertainment tuesday, and the keyword was unified.
2			coaching	baseball	statistics	sport	football	player	softball	coach	drug	gambling			players ok talks on steroids baseball players gave their lawyers the go ahead tuesday to reach an agreement with owners on tougher testing for steroids. after negotiations with management were outlined to the executive board of the players
1			politics	election	beijing	democracy	china	corruption	power	strategy	leadership			china 's top leaders meet to improve party 's grip china 's top communist leaders met behind closed doors yesterday for a key meeting aimed at shoring up its ruling capacity amid swirling rumours of the possible retirement of ageing strongman jiang zemin.
4			mobile	pc	device	technology	smartphone	nokia	phone	linux			palmone denies pocket pc rumors kind of mobile device vendor palmone thursday denied a report that its executives had said the company was developing a pocket pc version of its treo smartphone.
4			electronics	battery	dell	electricity	safety	technology	reliability			some dell ac adaptors recalled for safety problems dell inc. dell is recalling about 2.9 million ac adapters nationwide 4.4 million worldwide used with notebook personal computers because they can overheat and cause a fire and electrical shock hazard, the company and the consumer product safety commission said friday...
4			network	telecom	technology	internet	broadband	telecommunication			ofcom sets out stall on voip telecoms regulator ofcom has welcomed the arrival of voice over ip voip , aka voice over broadband down at the telecoms regulator, and promised to stay well out of the way as services develop.
1			politics	election	violence	democracy	romania	race	corruption	money	woman			close two man race for romania 's presidency observers fear that vote tampering will mar results of sunday 's presidential election in romania. the close race is between bucharest 's mayor, traian basescu, a frank talking, hands on
4			technology	ip	innovation	ai	email	industry			idc forum: is it creativity dead? speaking at the idc sponsored european it forum in paris, controversial author nicholas g. carr and business consultant don tapscott disagreed about whether it can spark business model changes that help companies gain strategic advantages over competitors.
4			mobile	mobility	wireless	smartphone	nokia	technology	nfc	telecommunication	networking	phone			nokia and philips trial wireless ticketing some german bus commuters will soon be able to use their mobile phones as electronic wallets when a new trial of the technology called near field communications nfc gets underway.
3			revenue	company	stock	growth	finance	profit	corporation	accounting	money			goldman profit rises; revenue disappoints goldman sachs group inc. on thursday said fourth quarter profit rose 23 percent on strong fixed income and commodities trading results and investment banking gains, but shares fell as revenue missed expectations.
4			developer	software	programming	privacy	evolution	feature	technology	diversity	linux			allchin: don't call it shorthorn despite the removal of an advanced file system, longhorn will not be short on features, jim allchin tells cnet
2			coaching	baseball	school	espn	athletics	sport	spartan	basketball	football			spartans give boise st. wake up call it seems san jose state is the football team equivalent of a morning person, doing its best work saturday at spartan stadium when many people were still in bed.
2			miami	basketball	sport	football	money			o neal wants more from team shaquille o neal thinks miami 's opponents are rising to the challenge of playing against him and dwyane wade. and right now, the heat aren 't responding the way their center would prefer.
4			wireless	technology	communication	fcc	telecommunication	spectrum	competition			backing for sale of at wireless federal communications commission chairman michael powell yesterday unofficially recommended that the agency approve cingular wireless proposed $ 41 billion purchase of redmond 's at wireless.
3			industry	investor	shareholder	company	market	loss	energy	bankruptcy	event			before the bell: cms, krispy kreme fall shares of cms energy corp. fell before the bell on friday after it priced a public offering of 28.5 million shares at $ 9.10 per share.
2			overtime	baseball	hockey	nhl	espn	basketball	sport	football	canada			nhl cancels all star game new york, ny sports network with no sign that the lockout of its players will end in the near future, the national hockey league has cancelled the 2005 all star game.
4			wired	network	connectivity	ethernet	broadband	wireless	internet	networking			wireless alternative to dsl mooted networking outfit netgear said it is planning to release stuff using a wireless technology that 's an alternative to dsl and cable internet access.
4			mobile	asia	network	india	connectivity	technology	industry			seven asian mobile phone companies link seven mobile phone companies with a subscriber base of 56 million across asia announced on wednesday a joint venture that will develop technology to build a common service platform across the region.
2			australia	rugby	club	sport	melbourne	football	cricket	competition			melbourne, perth invited to apply for super 14 rugby franchise the australian rugby union invited melbourne and perth to bid for the country 's fourth super 12 franchise from 2006 when the annual rugby competition expands to 14 teams.
1			politics	clinton	money	cancer			clinton in good spirits before surgery former president bill clinton was in good spirits saturday, walking around his hospital room in street clothes and buoyed by thousands of get well messages as he awaited heart bypass surgery early this coming week, people close to the family said. clinton was expected to undergo surgery as early as monday but probably tuesday, said democratic party chairman terry mcauliffe, who said the former president was upbeat when he spoke to him by phone friday...
1			politics	america	election	violence	democracy	iraq	terrorism	freedom			bush accuses kerry of scare tactics president bush accused john kerry on monday of employing shameless scare tactics on social security and the military draft just before voters go to the polls. in an interview with the associated press, bush also said he'd be disappointed if the iraqi people chose an islamic fundamentalist government in free elections, but democracy is democracy. if that's what the people choose, that's what the people choose, the president said, two weeks before facing his own re election...
4			politics	privacy	wireless	broadband	internet	technology	communication	telecommunication			lobbyists try to kill philly wireless plan philadelphia's plan to offer inexpensive wireless internet as a municipal service the most ambitious yet by a major u.s. city has collided with commercial interests including the local phone company, verizon communications inc.
2			coaching	baseball	history	espn	basketball	sport	recruiting	football	alabama	texas			trip to new orleans tough for north texas getting to the new orleans bowl was more difficult than ever for north texas. the mean green open the bowl season against southern mississippi on tuesday night in the superdome, the culmination of a season that was a struggle on and off the field for the sun belt conference champs.
2			boxing	baseball	beijing	olympics	china	basketball	athletics	sport	football			olympics wrap: china grabs 1st men's gold in track china grabbed its first ever men's olympic gold in track and field on friday, but it was a night of misery for americans, who saw any chance of a fourth consecutive gold in basketball crushed.
2			baseball	lafayette	schedule	basketball	athletics	sport	football	scheduling			lehigh and lafayette are still playing after all those years lehigh and lafayette on saturday will meet for the 140th time, but for the first time with an automatic postseason bid on the line.
4			technology	evolution	copyright	time	patent	sun	silicon	industry			sun 's kodak moment: patent suit settled out of court sun microsystems has agreed to pay eastman kodak $ 92 million to settle an intellectual property dispute between the two companies, sun disclosed last week.
4			developer	windows	software	technology	evolution	microsoft	development	hp	linux			microsoft guts longhorn however, because it is coming out earlier, longhorn will be trimmed of some of the more innovative stuff that has been seen in earlier builds.
2			statistics	game	computer	gaming	sport	technology	entertainment	emotion	gambling			lab to study emotion of gaming experts are to study the sweaty palmed excitement of people playing their computer and console games.
4			revenue	network	telecom	technology	telecommunication	consumer	competition	money	industry			nortel expects lower 3rd quarter revenue nortel networks corp. said it expects to report lower third quarter revenues compared to the second quarter, north america's largest maker of telecom equipment said in a regulator required market update on thursday.
4			traffic	collaboration	music	technology	copyright	networking	linux			briefly: real touts one week, 1 million songs roundup plus: chipmaker fujitsu prepares wimax extends opsware signs up for omniture traffic tool.
4			electronics	computer	game	gaming	technology	nokia	car	networking	phone			gaming cell phone: take two nokia 's n gage qd addresses many of its predecessor 's problems, but it 's still a big phone. nokia 's n gage gaming cell phone was the gigli of the tech world when it first came out last year.
3			insurance	business	recovery	software	technology	company	disaster	bankruptcy	security			sungard will spin off disaster recovery unit sungard data systems inc. plans to split into two companies, spinning off a disaster recovery services unit using a tax free distribution of shares to stockholders, the software and services vendor said monday.
4			electronics	computer	technology	silicon	intel	linux			itanium unsuitable for workstations, intel says the itanium was never really important for the workstation market, intel has said, causing us to choke over our salty porridge this morning.
4			electronics	recycling	printer	laser	manufacturing	recall	technology	patent	printing			lexmark issues recall for 40,000 printers the us consumer product safety commission, in cooperation with lexmark, today recalled nearly 40,000 laser printers. according to a company statement, these printers can short circuit, posing an electrical shock hazard to consumers.
4			edge	application	java	technology	integration	cloud	analytics	ai			edge dynamics launches new breed of enterprise app enterprise software takes an evolutionary step forward as edge dynamics and tibco software develop software that combines elements of both erp and bi applications.
4			pc	computer	network	server	technology	microsoft	hp	security	linux			hewlett packard 4th qtr net rises on server rebound hewlett packard co., the world 's no. 2 personal computer maker, said fourth quarter profit rose 27 percent, exceeding its forecast, as sales of servers rebounded and pc revenue set a record.
4			windows	hardware	programming	software	technology	microsoft	networking	security	linux			custom channel gets media center os microsoft 's chairman and chief software architect bill gates will share the stage on tuesday with nearly 15 system builders in a program to officially launch microsoft 's latest version of its windows xp media center edition 2005 operating system.
4			job	computer	car	technology	people	apple			new ipod soon? apple to hold special event on october 26th apple computer today sent out an invitation to press outlets to attend a special event next week. steve jobs, bono and the edge invite you to a special event.
1			politics	america	election	democracy	race	greed	strategy	money			kerry sharpens economic rhetoric buoyed by postdebate polls ... bolstered by evidence the presidential race is turning his way, john kerry yesterday outlined a new campaign phase casting president bush as a pal of the rich, himself as the friend of the middle class.
4			application	hardware	technology	patent	security	linux			promos to pay infineon dram license fees promos technologies has agreed to pay infineon technologies license fees for 0.17 , 0.14 and 0.11 micron dram trench technologies.
3			trading	trend	investing	option	stock	market	growth	finance	money			; gt; eye on stocks news people said strong sales volume will propel fiscal second quarter earnings higher than previously expected.
3			industry	trend	sale	technology	performance	growth	earnings	linux			amd sees slightly lower sales for q3 advanced micro devices amd expects to report slightly lower than expected sales for its third quarter when it announces earnings results on thursday, the company said in a release monday.
3			business	marketing	greed	religion	god	money	food			virgin mary grilled cheese frenzy may spur owner meltdown i have come like a pilgrim to this modest fort lauderdale neighborhood, nestled conveniently between the flight path of a major airport and an indian gaming casino, to witness a miracle in marketing, if nothing else.
4			business	software	technology	marketing	company	strategy	innovation	research			unanet's software lets managers watch work in progress for about a decade, frances b. craig looked for a product to build her company around. she had started an information technology consulting company but missed building software to help companies operate efficiently.
4			electronics	computer	intel	technology	innovation	networking	ai	silicon	linux			enter your e mail: this has been a big week for future technology in san francisco: intel filled much of moscone center with the intel developer forum, its technical conference on the cool stuff it has up its sleeve, from cpu speed bumps to new wireless networking standards
1			politics	nothing	greed	strategy	money			sainsburys back king, bid talk silly, family says the sainsbury family backs chief executive justin king 's strategy to turn around britain 's third biggest supermarket chain, jessica sainsbury said, and speculation of a takeover is silly.
4			computer	intel	technology	economics	company	stock	money	silicon	industry			stocks end flat; intel leaps after bell u.s. stocks finished little changed on thursday, pausing after wednesday's sharp rally. but after the closing bell, shares of intel corp. shot 7 percent higher as the chip maker raised its revenue target.
4			computer	data	technology	storage	networking	security	linux			hds unveils tagmastore array new york hitachi data systems inc. yesterday announced the general availability of a new high end storage sub system that it said is unprecedented in its ability to
4			hacking	privacy	microsoft	technology	encryption	analytics	security			microsoft dodges anti spyware charge accusations according to a story on cnn 's web site, the software giant 's recent acquisition of anti spyware company giant might mean users have to pay in order to benefit from the added security to microsoft applications.
3			job	computer	business	software	technology	marketing	advertising	money			software promises to read want ads for you tired of combing the net for the right tech job? a start up says its program can do it and better than online job boards.
4			science	technology	economics	tech	finance	innovation	research	money	industry			wall street seen flat; ti buyback to buoy us stocks were set for a steady start on friday with a billion dollar share buyback plan at texas instruments txn.n: quote, profile, research lending some backbone to the technology sector.
3			business	marketing	oracle	greed	strategy	advertising	pricing	bankruptcy	competition	email			oracle seeks sales gain by wooing clients oracle corp chief executive larry ellison, who last week won a federal judge 's support for his us $ 7.7 billion bid for peoplesoft inc, now needs to woo peoplesoft customers to complete his plan to boost sales.
4			computer	computing	china	server	technology	networking	ibm	security	linux			server sales in asia pacific increase 12.4 percent in june quarter computer server sales in the asia pacific region excluding japan grew by a brisk 12.4 percent to 1.37 billion us dollars in the second quarter after a gain of 9.6 percent in the three months to march, an industry monitor said.
4			teen	app	digital	technology	kid	teenager	education			texas firm targets teens with package of digital features teenagers tend to like instant messaging, tv watching, net surfing, music listening, and shopping, so an austin, texas, company has decided to package digital features coveted by teenagers in a pc targeted specifically at teenaged ...
3			income	statistics	revenue	profit	finance	money	earnings	industry			update 1: igt posts lower quarterly profit international game technology 's fourth quarter profits declined 50 percent, hit by early redemption of senior notes, but the world 's largest maker of slot machines and other gambling devices said tuesday that its annual income set a new record.
4			hacking	network	technology	internet	networking	security	linux			at adds worm and virus protection to firewall service it lets businesses protect themselves from a variety of threats without having to deploy firewalls at each of their locations. by networking pipeline news.
2			baseball	cardinal	sport			louis hillary park: elections, world series make for a fun days ... well, sort of very own t. louis cardinals are in the world series against the boston red sox. how did that happen? . having been a cardinals
3			recycling	business	revenue	money	finance	profit	competition	efficiency	distribution			costco posts higher first quarter profit costco wholesale corp. , the largest u.s. warehouse club, posted a 21 percent increase in quarterly profit on thursday.
2			baseball	yankee	fan	sport	boston	love	football			wild thing, i think i love you last season, when the boston red sox clinched the wild card spot in the baseball postseason, the players staged a frenzied celebration on the field at fenway park.
1			politics	election	tax	greed	finance	fraud	money			review: campaign finance web sites as a washington journalist during the 90s, i made frequent treks to the federal election commission to inspect cabinets full of campaign finance reports to find out who was giving to whom.
2			coaching	boxing	baseball	college	basketball	sport	race	football	religion			weis accepts notre dame job notre dame said new england patriots offensive coordinator charlie weis has signed a six year year contract to coach the irish. the 48 year old weis returns to the school he graduated from in 1978.
2			baseball	australia	england	television	rugby	sport	football	cricket	cricketer			sky wins exclusive cricket contract sky has been awarded exclusive rights to show cricket, strengthening its hold over televised sports. in a move that has received a mixed response from licensees, the broadcaster has added cricket to a growing
4			linux	java	china	software	unix	technology	computing	windows			chinese vendor offers linux mobile platform after launching two of the world's first linux smart phones, china's e28 ltd. is now offering handset manufacturers the opportunity to license its software and hardware designs based on the increasingly popular open source operating system.
2			coaching	doping	gymnast	sport	athlete	performance	competition	skating	gymnastics			hamm rebuffs fig request american gymnast paul hamm apparently has no intention of voluntarily giving up his olympic gold medal in the men 's all around competition.
1			election	politics	democracy	voting	polling	poll	money	woman	politician			vote early and often online polls run by news sites to gauge public opinion of politicians are turning into partisan tools for political spin doctors. people voting, often repeatedly, in response to e mails from their favored candidates can skew the results. by louise witt.
2			baseball	game	gambling	betting	sport	poker	tournament	competition	money			milking the world series of poker owning the world series of poker has been a major competitive score for harrah's.
3			thursday	business	trend	growth	finance	profit	competition	money	recession			update 4 krispy kreme profit plunges, stock hammered krispy kreme doughnuts inc. kkd.n: quote, profile, research on thursday reported a sharp drop in quarterly profit and signaled that business may not recover any
4			mobile	computer	graphic	linux	mobility	technology	networking	computing	windows			nvidia takes lead in mobile graphics nvidia today launched its first mobile pci express gpu. the geforce go 6800 will soon appear in desktop replacement notebooks and push mobile graphics to a new performance level.
2			usa	baseball	olympics	soccer	sport	football	japan	tennis	woman			us women 's soccer through to semifinals the united states women 's soccer team advanced to the final four of the olympics with a narrow 2 1 victory over japan friday.
2			boxing	doping	judo	athletics	sport	athlete	wrestling			hungarian weightlifter stripped of silver, puerto rican wrestler ... hungarian weightlifter ferenc gyurkovics was stripped of his silver medal and kicked out of the olympics on saturday for using steroids.
4			application	linux	software	technology	microsoft	ibm	windows			microsoft ready to ship virtual server com september 9, 2004, 5:10 pm pt. this fourth priority 's main focus has been improving or obtaining crm and erp software for the past year and a half.
4			dos	computer	software	unix	technology	networking	computing	linux			q a: linus torvalds, inventor of linux linus torvalds pronounced lee nus started a revolution of sorts in the computer industry when he created the linux operating system and decided to share it with fellow programmers on the internet.
4			mobile	device	wireless	technology	smartphone	nokia	blackberry	ios	phone			nokia phones to get blackberry touch the finnish phone giant is only the latest to make its devices compliant with research in motion's wireless service and software.
4			electronics	computer	device	mobility	india	technology	internet	linux			amd rolls out low cost net access device in india u.s. chip maker advanced micro devices has unveiled a low cost internet access device that could cost just a few hundred dollars, aimed at first time technology users in the developing world.
4			electronics	battery	computer	music	car	technology			baby, you can network my car com october 18, 2004, 4:37 pm pt. san francisco fasten your seatbelts the next stop for the mp3 revolution is your car. that was the consensus of a group of mobile electronics executives
4			business	network	technology	telecommunication	ibm	email	banking	industry			ibm inks $ 972m voice, data deal with lloyds ibm has won a $ 972 million, seven year services contract to help move u.k. bank lloyds tbs to a converged voice and data network that improves connectivity for more than 2,000 national branches and 4,200 atms.
4			route	network	connectivity	ethernet	internet	routing	networking			fujitsu and cisco form strategic alliance for advanced internet ... a router is a computer networking device that forwards data packets toward their destinations through a process known as routing. routing occurs at layer 3 of the osi seven layer model.
3			safety	business	airline	profit	competition	flying	money			ba profits sky high british airways said today that net profit rose by 25.5 per cent over the latest quarter and that passenger numbers also rose. chief executive rod eddington said the good figures compared with a weak second
4			network	convergence	collaboration	ethernet	mobility	wireless	technology	networking	productivity			vendors address productivity, convergence at wireless expo the enterprise makes way for mobile video as wimax advances, palm's new treo 650 and windows mobile productivity all share the stage at the ctia wireless show in san francisco.
3			trade	buying	price	marketing	market	shopping	retail	pricing	money			ebay lends hand to dropoff stores ebay dropoff stores, which list, package and ship ebay items for people who prefer not to do it themselves, have gotten a little help in their quest to find a market from ebay itself.
2			coaching	baseball	statistics	giant	retirement	basketball	sport	nfl	football	quarterback			shouldering a giant load giants rookie quarterback eli manning will take an 0 2 record as a pro starter into sunday's game against the redskins at fedex field.
2			boxing	baseball	rugby	soccer	sport	race	football	cricket	racism			robinson glad to be in rugby not football england rugby union captain jason robinson has said he is thankful the kind of racist incidents recently experienced in football had no place in his sport.
2			coaching	baseball	hockey	basketball	sport	football	coach	detroit	ram			shawsheen masters minuteman perhaps the loudest statement to come out of shawsheen's 48 0 drubbing of previously undefeated minuteman came as ram coach al costabile was addressing his squad following the game.
3			app	business	technology	company	ft	inc	email			unveils site aimed at providing on demand call ... inc. took the next step in its evolution wednesday, introducing a new site, that 's designed to provide on demand call center and customer service software along
3			politics	business	ceo	mr	management	finance	bankruptcy	money	leadership			valley state business briefs r. david martin, the chief financial officer of action performance cos., abruptly resigned friday, as the tempe based company said it wanted to go in a different direction.
3			computer	business	issue	problem	money			fiorina: hp's ordering problem now fixed ceo carly fiorina says problem that dented last quarter's financial results is a thing of the past.
4			electronics	battery	safety	device	charging	consumer	reliability			apple recalls 15in powerbook batteries apple has asked anyone who has a certain 15in powerbook g4 models to return the battery, which could be faulty. the recall follows four complaints made to the us consumer product safety commission regarding batteries that have overheated.
2			coaching	baseball	michigan	espn	basketball	sport	detroit	playoff	nba	pistons			upcoming slate offers opportunity this would be a good time for the pistons to build a winning record as they try to regain their championship form. in the next eight days, they play four teams with losing or .500 records.
4			product	manufacturing	sale	technology	loss	entertainment	toy	industry			toys r us posts operating loss, sales decline new york: toys r us, which is considering getting out of the toy business, yesterday posted a second quarter operating loss on poor sales of video games and markdowns on older merchandise.
4			computer	chip	technology	networking	ibm	intel	security	linux			ibm says go on dual core opteron servers ibm has given amd 's recently announced dual core opteron microprocessor its stamp of approval, announcing that in mid 2005 it will ship a version of its e326 server equipped with the chips.
4			computer	hacking	software	privacy	microsoft	technology	vulnerability	encryption	security			the vole has learnt a lot about security software moth microsoft has admitted that it can 't beat hackers all the time, but will do its best. that argument was quietly put forward by the softly spoken, shy and retiring, microsoft ceo steve ballmer
3			trading	price	company	market	stock	finance	profit	corporation	industry			stocks fall on coke, tech downgrade u.s. stocks fell on wednesday after a profit warning from coca cola co. stoked fears about corporate profits and a downgrade of the technology sector by investment bank goldman sachs weighed on markets.
4			electronics	itunes	software	music	technology	audio	linux			archos intros 'world's smallest' 20gb music player priced at $ 249.99, it can play mp3, wma and wav encoded music files.
1			politics	election	campaign	television	kerry	strategy	republican	campaigning			front porch chat: birth of a kerry campaign tactic john kerry has held 10 front porch visit events an actual front porch is optional where perhaps 100 people ask questions in a low key campaigning style.
4			electronics	ipod	music	technology	sound	innovation	audio			review: ipod speaker system get a hearing compact speakers for personal music players have been around since the original walkman. now that mini hard drive music machines can hold your entire collection, the product category is back with a vengeance...
4			av	computer	car	technology	surfing			em the register is band full of s t fotw av specialist throws wobbler
3			product	store	sale	marketing	retailer	shopping	pricing	retail			wal mart plans to open as many as 295 us stores next year wal mart stores inc., the world 's largest retailer, plans to open as many as 295 stores in the us in 2005. the retailer will open 40 to 45 discount stores and 240 to 250 supercenters, which
2			game	olympics	sport	music	football	entertainment			entertainment part of paralympics closing ceremony canceled ... the athens 2004 organizing committee athoc has decided to cancel the planned entertainment part of the closing ceremony due a traffic accident which killed at least seven people early monday morning.
2			politics	america	baseball	basketball	sport	football	money			trip framed with closing win they could sit rudy tomjanovich in front of a houston rockets backdrop in a room full of his media friends, put his face on every scorecard in toyota center and hand him a microphone at midcourt to address the crowd.
1			politics	america	job	election	democracy	corruption	people	money			storm bashed floridians could blow against bush president bush may face a political hurricane in november if frustrated floridians turn disaster into votes, experts say. the sunshine state will be paying a lot
1			politics	abortion	controversy	election	democrat	voting	voter	republican	money			republicans to show softer side at ny convention republicans hope to show voters a softer side on the second day of their convention on tuesday, with first lady laura bush and movie star turned california gov. arnold schwarzenegger taking center stage.
2			baseball	team	chicago	basketball	athletics	sport	boston	detroit	sox			red sox finish second a record seven times say this much about the boston red sox: they're consistent. the red sox, who have gone since 1918 without winning the world series, have added a record breaking streak to the mix. boston is the first team in baseball history to finish in second place for seven straight years, according to the elias sports bureau.
4			java	software	web	technology	standard	networking	ibm	linux			dell, intel, microsoft launch web services standard industry giants amd, intel, dell, microsoft and sun have thrown their weight behind a web services specification that could provide a common way for systems to access and exchange management information.
4			electronics	computer	chip	technology	performance	innovation	silicon			ibm 's meyerson: chip industry needs a plan b the days of relying on shrinking transistors to achieve performance gains are over, and the chip industry needs to enter a new era of innovation where system level features are just as important as thinner transistor gates, said ibm corp.
4			computer	engineering	intel	technology	mit	hp	ibm	silicon	linux			hp engineers to join intel intel corp. has agreed to hire the team of hewlett packard co. engineers that helped design the chip giant 's itanium microprocessors for server computers, both companies said wednesday.
4			computer	linux	manufacturing	hardware	microsoft	technology	ibm	computing	industry			ibm, unisys work to rejuvenate mainframes com october 8, 2004, 10:52 am pt. with the economy slowly turning up, upgrading hardware has been on businesses radar in the past 12 months as their number two priority.
4			network	technology	wireless	internet	broadband	telecommunication	transport			pccw delays uk broadband roll out pccw, the hong kong telecoms group, has ruled out a nationwide roll out of its uk wireless broadband service in the near term in a move that will reduce competition in the market for fast internet access.
2			baseball	sport	race	football	competition	money	racing			all change in bundesliga title race week four threw up some surprising results over the weekend as current high flyers had their wings clipped and new faces staked their claims in a title race that, although barely a month old, is already wide open.
3			business	technology	growth	health	cancer	money	industry			medtronic down, not out internal defibrillator maker's earnings growth rate is slowing down, but its future looks healthy.
3			intelligence	business	technology	commerce	finance	bi	ai			oracle pushes on bi oracle unveiled business intelligence 10g at oracleworld this week, surprising some of its customers with its entry into the bi market.
4			mobile	network	mobility	ethernet	connectivity	broadband	technology	wireless	networking			seybold: pda users will support wi fi costs mobile computing pioneer andrew seybold says pda users will pay the freight to keep wi fi networks in business. he also weighs in on other wireless trends at the ctia wireless show in san francisco.
3			success	business	ceo	technology	performance	growth	finance	strategy	competition			sco posts 7.4 million loss revenue for the quarter of 11.2 million, compared with 20.1 million in the year ago quarter, dropped in part because of dwindling scosource licensing revenue but sco's ceo says the company is steadfast on a dual path for success.
4			device	mobility	intel	technology	nokia	power	silicon	computing	linux			intel upclocks pentium m intel is shipping a new mobile processor built on 90nm process technology that clocks up to 2.1ghz. the pentium m 765 includes 2mb of integrated l2 cache and a power optimized 400mhz system bus and enhanced speedstep power saving technology.
4			revenue	technology	telecommunication	finance	patent	money			verizon third quarter profit flat verizon communications inc.'s third quarter profit held steady at about 1.80 billion as declining revenues from traditional phone services at the nation's biggest telephone company were offset by another blockbuster quarter for verizon wireless, which added a record 1.7 million subscribers.
1			politics	election	violence	democracy	race	washington	maryland	money			wrestling for the controls in columbia a dispute over columbia's last large piece of undeveloped land is shaping as up as a battle that may be less about competing plans and more about who's in control of howard county.
4			privacy	broadband	regulation	internet	technology	telecommunication	patent	industry			fcc expected to exempt voip from state rules the federal communications commission is expected to vote today to exempt internet based phone companies from state regulation, a step that could help boost the emerging services.
4			business	management	technology	cisco	strategy	networking	ibm	availability	security			cisco buys it management start up it management is firmly anchored at number six, with outsourcing, cost control, and process improvement the order of the day. cisco systems signed an agreement on wednesday to acquire network management start up jahi networks for $ 16 million.
3			investor	trend	investing	technology	company	stock	finance	dow	money	industry			nasdaq down, dow flat u.s. technology stocks fell in light trading on thursday after a brokerage cut its forecast for the semiconductor industry, while blue chips were flat as a continued drop in oil prices eased investor worries.
4			authentication	hacking	privacy	technology	vulnerability	encryption	security			red hat to get netscape security assets for $ 25 million leading open source vendor red hat said it will acquire certain security related assets of netscape security solutions from america online for us $ 25 million.
2			statistics	cycling	race	sport	motorsport	speed	racing			cite reg cite hack in daring gambia charity dash tackles plymouth banjul rally in 20 citroen
4			electronics	computer	application	privacy	technology	networking	research	industry			usa : ibm announces integration of rfid capabilities in middleware radio frequency identification rfid is in news these days. and it is the middleware that gives meaning to the collection activity of radio frequency identification rfid readers, turning the data for usable purposes.
4			hacking	code	software	privacy	technology	copyright	patent	ethics	linux			us court: software can 't commit piracy truly decentralised peer to peer p2p software can 't be held accountable for its misuse, according to a us federal appeals court.
4			mobile	battery	privacy	technology	money	phone			annual cell phone guide fast forward columnist rob pegoraro was online to discuss the washington post's annual cell phone guide.
4			computer	linux	hardware	technology	evolution	nec	ibm	computing	physics			nec sx 8 takes supercomputing crown not content with being the top of the top 500 with its earth simulator, nec has surpassed itself with its new creation the sx 8.
4			computer	hacking	privacy	technology	censorship	something	networking	security			making rss scale i've been meaning to write about this since i saw a one page article on the subject of rss clogging websites' bandwidth in newscientist back in june. but it wasn't until i saw this slashdot story on the same subject that i knew i had to get my thoughts down. a lot of sites are suffering from a big problem mdash; they are being systematically hammered by rss newsreaders for new material at regular intervals. when i first came across rss around two years ago and did some reading up on it, it sounded like another interesting protocol for a nonproblem. i wondered what was wrong with just refreshing a what's new? page. i have a natural scepticism towards new and exotic protocols. nonetheless, after rss established a niche in the realm of informing us, rolling news style, of new network content, i recognised its usefulness in this situation. i did still feel that its design was suboptimal, no matter how many thousands of bloggers now relied on it.
1			election	politics	protest	democracy	poll	corruption	russia	ukraine			ukraine leader agrees on measures for fair vote ukraine's outgoing president leonid kuchma said on tuesday he had agreed to sack the central election commission and support election law reform both key opposition demands to end mass protests against a rigged vote.
2			baseball	hockey	chicago	business	sport	boston	football	money			a new chapter for ex ge chief jack welch jack welch greets you at the door and wants to talk about the red sox. the former chairman and chief executive of general electric co. is a bostonian now. he lives in beacon hill with his new wife, suzy wetlaufer , the former editor of the harvard business review. the two share an office in a sunlit room with a ...
1			politics	america	election	democracy	bush	washington			bush spending little time at white house if you're looking for president bush, don't bother searching the white house. bush has not spent a full day in washington since aug. 2 roaming the country rather than staying in the oval office as he seeks a second term.
4			electronics	chip	technology	semiconductor	samsung	silicon	intel	industry			samsung to expand in chips seoul samsung electronics announced on monday that it would be investing 25 trillion won in new chip production lines in the next six years, a move that it expects will create 10,000 jobs.
4			electronics	computer	software	privacy	technology	camera	photography	email	security			software tackles digital photo proliferation now that digital cameras have overtaken film cameras in sales, users are beginning to encounter a familiar problem what to do with the bulging image files and folders filling up computer hard drives?
4			speculation	privacy	technology	company	google			google ipo set to trade this week on monday, google requested final approval from federal regulators to begin trading their stock. google has asked that the sec declare its registration statement effective as of 1 pm pacific time today. google ...
1			politics	america	election	democracy	clinton	kerry	money			clinton lends his voice to kerry campaign president clinton can't put his recovering heart into john kerry's election effort out on the campaign trail, but he is using his voice to help in the final weeks of the race.
4			application	java	code	programming	software	project	development	tool	windows			.net development gets new tools, code initiative avanade on monday is partnering with microsoft to release enterprise library, which features reusable code, tools, and guidance intended to make it easier to develop in the .net environment.
3			windows	business	manufacturing	software	technology	microsoft	company	industry			new microsoft software targets small companies microsoft launched a new software product aimed at small and midsize businesses on monday to strengthen its position in a fragmented market it sees as ripe for growth.
4			mobile	network	technology	nokia	smartphone	ios	phone			vodafone rings in changes with launch of 3g handsets vodafone yesterday began its major push into the market for third generation mobile phones with plans to launch 10 handsets before christmas.
4			statistics	computer	business	privacy	microsoft	technology	networking	email	security			microsoft sends digital business cards new interconnect 2004 software automatically updates contact info.
3			news	trading	share	investor	investing	company	index	stock			s p changes its indices s p has announced changes to its indices in the us and australia in relation to news corporation. after trading closes on friday december 17, 2004 new corp.
4			ibm	computer	linux	manufacturing	technology	patent	computing	industry			ibm to sell supercomputers ibm corp., the world 's largest computer maker, said it is selling versions of its top supercomputer that may be scaled down for businesses and less intensive scientific use.
4			industry	business	technology	cisco	performance	competition	reliability	security	linux			cisco reports record profit but outlook disappoints for the second quarter in a row, no. 1 network gear maker cisco csco reported record profit but saw some signs of economic weakness.
4			windows	technology	internet	patent	linux			02 i mode deal mobile phone giant mmo2 has secured a partnership with japans ntt docomo to bring its i mode internet technology to the uk. the company hopes to boost revenues per user by selling the product, which allows
1			politics	election	result	voting	poll	corruption	russia	ukraine			ukraine court annuls poll result ukraine's top court annuls the result of the second round of the disputed presidential poll, paving the way for fresh elections.
1			politics	election	terror	putin	violence	democracy	terrorist	power	russia	terrorism			russian terrorism prompts power grab in the aftermath of a wave of terror attacks, president vladimir putin yesterday announced fundamental political changes that will further concentrate power in the kremlin and erode russia 's fragile democracy.
4			computer	application	business	technology	nokia	hp	ibm	industry			ibm unwraps middle tier i5 server ibm on tuesday unveiled the eserver i5 550, a new addition to its power 5 based lineup that it 's aiming at mid sized business.
2			coaching	baseball	history	statistics	television	espn	basketball	sport	nfl	football			nfl matchups: two great coaches but two mediocre teams clash someday bill parcells and joe gibbs will both be in the football hall of fame. for now, both are locked in the quest to resurrect two of the most storied franchises in history.
4			agriculture	potato	wisconsin	biotechnology	technology	tech	innovation	industry			idaho hot potato: tech companies a sparsely populated western state best known for potatoes is becoming a magnet for tech entrepreneurs. the slow pace, absence of traffic and low rise landscape has helped lure 800 tech companies to the state.
4			ibm	business	technology	integration	solution	patent	system	analytics			logicalis buys solution technology datatec international, the global arm of information technology group datatec dtc , has announced that its subsidiary logicalis has acquired solution technology inc sti a privately held ibm solution provider and one of ibm 's top 10 business partners
4			safety	business	network	privacy	technology	networking	logistics	security			marriage between security, business needs kuala lumpur: computer associates international inc has announced a new technology model that aligns security management with business needs.
4			network	privacy	technology	ip	telecommunication	networking	patent	switch	security			3com buys net phone business 3com, which makes switches that run corporate data networks, said monday that it would buy tippingpoint technologies for $ 430 million to add products that bolster security for internet based telephone networks.
1			election	america	president	politics	democracy	corruption	chavez	venezuela			president's fate is on the line in venezuela partisans on both sides are calling it the most polarized and important election in venezuela's history, a presidential recall referendum today that will determine the course of democracy here and could buffet world oil prices. both campaigns are also utterly convinced they will win.
4			laptop	pc	computer	computing	technology	storage	pcs	security	linux			toshiba announces global notebook recall toshiba 's laptop exchange program will run worldwide from nov. 1 to april 30. the company said 650,000 pcs could be affected. it stressed that the recall will not affect the projected recovery of its pc business.
3			insurance	business	stock	greed	growth	finance	profit	money			fedex profit, outlook up, stock down fedex corp. said quarterly profit nearly quadrupled on in its international, ground and freight businesses, but the stock slipped on disappointment over the margins.
3			revenue	company	stock	profit	finance	competition	money			profit rises at chinese mobile giant china mobile hong kong , the world 's largest cellphone operator ranked by customers, said wednesday that profit rose 7.8 percent in the first half of this year after the company enrolled more new subscribers by offering less expensive services. net ...
4			politics	privacy	technology	marketing	tech	innovation	consumer	money	ethics			it's not exclusive, but it's lucrative: why luxe went online class has been transformed by technology and consumers who are as well informed as they are impatient.
2			politics	coaching	baseball	retirement	sport	football	money			captains abound, but who can save uf 's ship? tunningly, unexpectedly, one of college football 's prized head coaching jobs came open monday morning with the firing of florida 's ron zook.
3			deal	business	investment	investing	bank	finance	money	banking			absa and barclays 'close' to deal south africa's biggest retail bank says it is close to announcing a deal for barclays to take a majority stake in its business.
2			mlb	baseball	history	hockey	life	television	sport	football	wrestling			bon voyage: expos take their leave the circle is complete. as the expos prepare to face their uncertain future, as major league owners wrangle over the carcass, broadcaster dave van horne is on hand to bear witness.
4			politics	democracy	technology	broadband	internet	telecom	telecommunication			telecoms winning the wifi war the signal is clear: in the tug of war between big telecom and little governments, the powerful lobby is winning, which could have major implications for how wireless internet service is doled out countrywide.
2			coaching	baseball	jet	football			jets solid showing bodes well for their future so the jets lost a tough game at new england, 13 7. that 's no reason to believe they won 't be a factor in the afc east race and perhaps beyond.
2			politics	baseball	history	hockey	sport	football	canada			announcers cross checked by nhl lockout someday, after the nhl lockout ends, there will be stories to tell about how this hockey hiatus changed the direction of people's careers. because things will never be the same.
4			detail	fallout	technology	cryptic			cryptic to marvel comic: gold digger 's claims without merit cryptic studios responded on its company website to threats that marvel comics would be suing them on likeness rights regarding its on going massively multiplayer super hero themed role playing game city of heroes: as reported by the
1			politics	election	controversy	gore	kerry	bush	debate	mccain	republican			kerry says he will use bush debate to counter republican distortion democratic presidential hopeful john kerry admitted that the bush campaign has run a successful campaign portraying him as indecisive but said he would use a looming presidential debate to set the record straight.
4			virus	computer	technology	money	security			the cost of virus protection rises gasoline and milk aren 't the only things that cost more these days. the cost of keeping your antivirus software current has been rising, also.
4			product	chemicals	manufacturing	surface	biotechnology	technology	pharmaceuticals	research	industry			ucb sells surface specialties to cytec ucb sa announced friday it made the final move in its transition to a pharmaceuticals only business, unloading surface specialties to cytec industries inc.
1			politics	america	election	democracy	image	people	money			clinton tells democrats to work on image former president clinton has a message for democrats inconsolable after president bush's re election: buck up. it's not that bad. you need to improve your image.
3			statistics	investing	economics	marketing	growth	money	earnings	industry			eli lilly expects earnings growth in 2005; accelerated newer drug ... new york, december 9 eli lilly and co guided to earnings growth in 2005 today, driven by the accelerating sales of its newer drugs.
4			windows	pc	computer	privacy	technology	microsoft	pcs	security	linux			microsoft considering 100 dollar pc microsoft is working toward a bare bones personal computer that would cost less than 100 dollars and could help stem rampant software piracy in emerging countries, ceo steve ballmer said wednesday, according to tech news service zdnet
4			network	privacy	technology	encryption	defense	system	networking	security	reliability			cisco, microsoft in security showdown end to end systems seen as next evolution in network defense, but incompatible products could hurt customers.
3			deal	life	buying	business	option	money			realtors to try again to put deals online in the heady days of the dot com boom, when pet food and groceries were sold on the internet and venture capitalists seemingly tossed double digit millions at any business plan with online possibilities, real estate stood waiting to be part of the
4			wired	network	ethernet	technology	encryption	architecture	networking	security			aruba targets wired network security grid architecture aims to protect corporate networks from interior security threats.
1			politics	election	ms	race	kerry	strategy			cahill, rove lead presidential campaigns karl rove is a smooth, jovial political operative with a texas honed reputation as a ruthless competitor and three george w. bush victories under his belt. mary beth cahill is a daughter of boston's rough and tumble ward battles who just last year brought her no nonsense organizational skills to democratic opponent john kerry's camp.
1			politics	controversy	history	scandal	criticism	religion	conflict	debate	controversial			some question choices for honors by pope pope john paul ii yesterday honored two figures linked to controversy, beatifying a german mystic whose violent visions of christ's suffering helped inspire mel gibson's movie ''the passion of the christ, and an austrian emperor whose troops used poison gas. before 30,000 people, including royalty and government representatives from latin america and europe, the pontiff also beatified an italian nun ...
2			baseball	game	gaming	betting	sport	technology	poker	gambling	casino	money			poker proves a hot hand for gaming industry card game's popularity is fanned by a combination of television, technology and, for some, the allure of big money.
3			security	boeing	business	aviation	technology	strategy	aerospace	money	ethics	industry			update 5: boeing 's 3q profit up on military sales burgeoning military sales lifted boeing co. to a 78 percent increase in third quarter profits, its bottom line thriving despite the ethics scandals that have roiled the aerospace giant for the past year.
1			election	america	politics	war	washington	strategy	terrorism	fear			september 11 casts shadow over us presidential election the threat of a major terror attack looms large over the first us presidential election since the horrific september 11, 2001, attacks as us voters must choose in less than two months between president george w. bush and democratic challenger john kerry.
2			england	rugby	soccer	athletics	sport	club	football	stadium	cricket	chelsea			woodward apologises for criticising clubs former england coach clive woodward has apologised for his stinging comments about owners, directors and coaches at some english clubs.
4			network	technology	broadband	internet	telecommunication	education			dsl leads the broadband boom high speed internet access is becoming more and more popular, study shows.
4			hacking	software	worm	technology	vulnerability	networking	security	linux			sober worm variant shimmies security continues to hold steady over software as the third top it priority, with organizations busy coping with cyber threats, keeping up with software security updates, and contemplating a plethora of security solutions and methods.
2			coaching	baseball	statistics	espn	sport	nfl	football	oakland	quarterback	stats			nfl game summary oakland at san diego san diego head coach marty schottenheimer improved to 22 7 in his career against oakland...tomlinson surpassed chuck muncie, who ran for 43 touchdowns from 1980 84...brees finished one td pass shy of dan fouts club record of six, set against the raiders
2			boxing	baseball	beijing	china	basketball	athletics	sport	football	athlete			china grabs 1st men's olympic gold in track and field china grabbed its first ever men's olympic gold in track and field on friday, but it was a night of misery for americans, who saw any chance of a fourth consecutive gold in basketball crushed.
2			coaching	baseball	hockey	retirement	basketball	sport	football	retiring	retired			weekdays at 4:45 pm on radio 990 in manitoba after more than 200 games, former winnipegger todd macculloch has decided to retire from the national basketball association.
4			computer	intel	technology	apple	networking	silicon	security	linux			dual cores to lead intel show get your blue golf shirt on. the intel developer forum is back. servers a central focus.
3			deal	acquisition	profit	finance	bankruptcy	corporation	competition	money	merger			despite mega deals, small mergers rule despite the euphoria of one of the busiest weeks in u.s. mergers and acquisitions in almost five years, wall street investment bankers cannot live by mega deals alone.
4			electronics	battery	computer	chip	technology	innovation	silicon	linux			new toshiba notebooks highlight long running trend u.s. consumers don't want to pay for low power, high performance chip.
2			coaching	baseball	atlanta	espn	basketball	sport	recruiting	football	alabama	georgia			nagging questions dog georgia opener beginning a season of high expectations, the georgia bulldogs still have a few questions to answer.
4			computer	chip	ethernet	hardware	intel	technology	networking	silicon	linux			intel, nvidia sign cross licensing pact chip giant intel and graphics processor vendor nvidia said friday they have inked a wide ranging technology sharing pact that, among other things, will let nvidia use intel 's front side bus technology.
2			montreal	baseball	hockey	nhl	basketball	sport	football	toronto			longtime blackhawks coach billy reay dies billy reay, who played on two stanley cup champions with montreal and became the winningest coach in chicago blackhawks' history, died at 86.
2			usa	australia	doping	olympics	athletics	sport	race	athlete	cycling			the awesome foursome throughout these olympics it was feared that the only thing british sprinters would live up to was the negative predictions of those who said they would never mount a challenge to the all conquering usa representatives.
3			inflation	trend	sale	marketing	market	stock	growth	retail	money	earnings			wal mart q3 earnings rise on strong sales wal mart stores wmt , the world 's largest retailer, reported a 12.7 rise in third quarter earnings tuesday, meeting wall street expectations.
1			politics	election	diplomacy	war	democracy	violence	peace	conflict	terrorism	africa			politics ivory coast: south africa attempts to diffuse tensions south african president thabo mbeki is engaged in political fire fighting in the ivory coast, where fears of a full scale civil war between government and rebel forces loom large.
1			election	politics	violence	democracy	india	poll	corruption	terrorism	pakistan			northeast indian state votes amid tight security people braved a steady drizzle to come out to vote in a remote northeast indian state on thursday, as troops guarded polling stations in an election being held under the shadow of violence.
2			athens	game	olympics	basketball	volleyball	sport	football	greece	swimming			greece is winner at these olympics capping its sports hosting triumph, greece ended the xxviii olympiad with a festive splash of ethnic folklore, music and dancing.
4			beauty	electronics	computer	luxury	privacy	technology	fashion	money	phone			it's available in sleek, but it's going to cost you an $ 1,100 cordless phone is just one sign that fashion has gained a toehold in the digital realm.
1			politics	america	election	violence	democracy	ohio	iraq	voter	washington			the worst sides of two nations on display the uk newspaper the guardian has undertaken a campaign urging its readers to write us voters in clark county, ohio and urge them to vote against president george w. bush in the us presidential elections. they call this campaign operation clark county.
1			election	america	politics	history	democracy	greed	finance	money			the billion dollar election last year some election watchers made a bold prediction that this presidential election would set a record: the first half billion dollar campaign in hard money alone.
1			election	politics	democracy	california	polling	pr	mexico	politician			barrel of monkeys, 2004 edition: notes on philippine elections well, it's election time in the republic of the philippines, and that means the monkeys are rolling around in those political barrels, having as much fun as they can while laughing their heads off at the strange goings on that characterize a democratic process loosely based on the american model but that de facto looks more like a fellini movie crossed with a tom and jerry cartoon column includes a useful election year glossary!
2			computer	game	gaming	sport	music	boy	football	entertainment	girl			all girl gaming team takes aim at boys at first glance, les seules might look like an all girl rock band complete with sassy attitudes and fawning male groupies but the swedish septuplet doesn't play instruments. they play competitive video games.
3			revenue	business	pay	company	finance	bloomberg	money			amex to record charge, cut jobs american express axp.n: quote, profile, research on friday said it expects to record a fourth quarter pretax charge of up to $ 120 million and cut 2,000 jobs related primarily to a restructuring of its business travel unit and the
4			virus	computer	hacking	malicious	software	privacy	technology	fraud	security	linux			malicious trojan pretends to be good symantec is warning pc users about a new trojan horse that terminates adware on a person's computer, but also plays dirty tricks.
4			specification	device	usb	storage	technology	manufacturer	memory			mmcmicro new samsung 's tiny removable memory cards for mobile ... memory cards are made by a variety of manufacturers, and come in different sizes. prices among capacities and types of memory cards also vary.
1			election	america	politics	history	race	kerry	iraq	washington	strategy			right and left click politics the 2004 presidential race ended last week in a stunning defeat for massachusetts senator john f. kerry, as incumbent president george w. bush cruised to an easy victory.
4			science	electronics	computer	biotechnology	technology	robot	innovation	education			sony sends its robots to school humanoid devices will be used to encourage interest in science and technology.
4			electronics	sale	technology	child	kid	toy			price wars in toyland: part 2 making toys is a fun business to be in and some toy manufacturers say they re trying to keep it that way even if it means taking on the playground bully wal mart.
4			virus	computer	hacking	network	privacy	technology	encryption	networking	security	linux			ironport adds virus preemption, courts dell some reseller partners of security appliance vendor ironport systems are taking the good with the not so good. ironport partners like peter kolb, director of data sales at triple a networks, a technology integrator
1			election	politics	inflation	democracy	economics	greed	market	finance	money			helpful politicians unneeded by markets the stock market marches to its own drumbeat, although politicians of both major parties spend a lot of time and money telling voters otherwise.
4			hacking	software	privacy	technology	standard	testing	security			infocus: trends in web application security this article discusses current trends in penetration testing for web application security, and in particular discusses a framework for selecting the best tool or tools to use for these increasingly common type of application.
1			politics	violence	revenge	money	racism			your verdict: diouf spitting shame el hadji diouf is back doing what he appears to do best spitting on people. not content with covering a variety of fans with spittle he has now targeted his fellow professionals.
1			politics	election	revolution	putin	democracy	corruption	russia	power	freedom	change			russia 's putin defends move to centralize power russian president vladimir putin, responding to international criticism that he 's reinstalling an authoritarian government in the kremlin, insisted yesterday there ll be no turnabout from a democratic nation, but he said he won 't retreat from tough
4			politics	business	technology	tech	telecommunication	ft	pt			at t to cut about 7,400 jobs at t corp. will cut another 7,400 jobs and reduce the value of its assets by $ 11.4 billion, spurred by its retreat from traditional consumer telephone services, the company said on thursday.
4			battery	electronics	computer	electricity	safety	technology	power	energy	reliability			dell to recall 990,000 laptop power adapters dell inc. will recall about 990,000 power adapters for some of its laptop computer models because of a risk of overheating, which could lead to a fire or electrical shock, the us consumer product safety commission said on friday.
4			politics	hacking	technology	censorship	hack			talented flunkeys unite against phishing letters featuring rare praise for em reg hack
2			politics	cycling	athletics	race	sport	motorsport	racing			conservatives call for statement on british grand prix the conservatives have called for the sports minister richard caborn to make an urgent statement to the commons on the future of the british grand prix.
4			linux	chip	hardware	microsoft	technology	licensing	patent	intel	windows			microsoft sets licensing policy for dual core chips microsoft corp., world 's largest software maker, announced a new licensing policy for dual core microprocessors from intel and amd.
2			politics	baseball	history	england	australia	rugby	sport	football	cricket			cricket: one days and test daze spare a thought for john bracewell as new zealand attempt to repair their already badly dented reputation in the second test against australia.
2			coaching	basketball	sport	football	walter	money			getting bedrock value a conversation about walter mccarty never stays focused on the celtics' versatile forward for long. just ask coach doc rivers.
4			electronics	battery	computer	device	manufacturing	analog	technology	patent	industry			taking inventory of analog devices credit suisse first boston lowered estimates for analog devices nyse: adi news people after the maker of integrated circuits provided disappointing guidance.
4			mobile	mobility	technology	nokia	broadband	telecommunication	phone	number			mobile phone users double since 2000 mobile phone subscribers around the globe totaled nearly 1.5 billion by the middle of this year, about one quarter of the world's population, the international telecommunication union itu said on thursday.
4			usa	product	manufacturing	biotechnology	technology	pharmaceuticals	rs	inc	industry			rayovac to buy united ind. for $ 476 mln battery maker rayovac corp. on tuesday said it would buy united industries corp., a maker of lawn and garden products, for about $ 476 million in cash and stock in a bid to diversify its product mix.
4			application	device	hardware	performance	memory	intel	computing	linux			intel gives centrino a speed boost runs at a speed of 2.1 ghz and has 2 mb of cache. the pentium m 765 also features enhanced intel speedstep, designed to optimize application
4			pc	computer	fingerprint	hardware	software	technology	microsoft	pcs	security	windows			microsoft under your thumb new keyboard and mouse from the company's hardware division include fingerprint readers.
3			business	revenue	sale	profit	health	drug	money			walgreen boosts profit, plans more stores walgreen co. wag.n: quote, profile, research , the top us drugstore chain, on monday said quarterly profit rose 18.1 percent due to rising prescription demand and strong sales from its
4			mobile	search	privacy	technology	google			google searches go mobile in us internet search firm google is testing a new service in the us which allows people to use mobile phones to tap into its web search engine via text messages.
4			electronics	computer	chip	hardware	technology	performance	silicon	industry			micron overtakes hynix in chip sales micron technology inc. of the united states probably overtook koreas hynix semiconductor inc. as the worlds second largest computer memory chipmaker during the third quarter, market researcher idc said.
4			computer	language	translation	english	learning	technology	word			how to learn a language i've been a linguophile for a long time, and i'm always studying a little bit of some language or another. however, it's only recently that i've finally figured out the way that works best for me, with the help of modern technology. perhaps this might help those of you who have been planning on learning a language some day.
4			electricity	technology	wireless	internet	broadband	monopoly	telecommunication	spectrum			fcc adopts rules for broadband over power lines many telecommunications officials and some fcc officials cite bpl as a reason for deregulation. they say that three wired choices, plus wireless offerings, would guarantee that no company could gain monopoly power.
3			business	entrepreneur	marketing	coke	innovation	change	productivity			business books: coke guru critiques growth via innovation by sergio zyman. the guy who managed the introduction of new coke now assesses it as a classic example of lazy business growth strategy.
4			computer	printer	manufacturing	laser	technology	printing			lexmark printers pose shock hazard company is recalling certain laser printers, which are also sold by ibm and dell.
2			coaching	britain	australia	beijing	athletics	sport	athlete	training	cycling			preparing athletes for beijing 2008 is academic dave collins, a professor at edinburgh university, has been charged with the task of preparing britains elite athletes for the 2008 beijing olympics.
4			virus	hacking	software	privacy	technology	vulnerability	fraud	security	linux			symbian says skulls may not be malware symbian ltd., the london based maker of the symbian operating system used on high end smart phones from a variety of manufacturers, says reports of malware may be premature.
1			election	abortion	politics	voting	candidate	voter	woman			women voters enter san diego mayoral fray the league of women voters of san diego asked a court wednesday to require that all votes cast for a maverick mayoral write in candidate be counted, including ballots on which voters failed to fill in the circle next to her name.
3			economy	inflation	business	trade	china	economics	growth	finance	money	industry			business ; chinese inflation drops sharply business news, beijing, china 's annual inflation rate dropped sharply in november, providing further evidence that steps to cool the economy are working and reducing the chances in the near term of a fresh rise in interest rates.
2			politics	baseball	statistics	soccer	athletics	sport	football	finance	money			private sector asked to help pay for expos new home the district council tuesday night narrowly approved a motion to finance construction of a new baseball stadium in the city. however, the motion only passed after an amendment was added that forces the private
4			computer	java	technology	hp	pcs	sun	silicon	computing	linux			sun offers pay as you go computing service sun microsystems inc. will offer utility computing services priced at less than a dollar per node per hour, it announced tuesday.
3			television	business	technology	marketing	tv	competition	industry			upstart rcn faces second goliath head on in its seven years playing david to the goliaths of greater boston cable television, upstart rcn corp. has managed to secure a robust business, in a few communities grabbing nearly 40 percent of cable television customers while bundling telephone and internet services.
4			device	mobility	technology	smartphone	siemens	nokia	security	linux			siemens warns of problem with 65 series phones siemens has issued a statement warning users of a bug in their 65 series handsets c65, cx65, m65, s65, sl65 as well as all provider variations such as the cv65, ct65, cxv65 and cxt65 .
4			cable	television	network	broadband	technology	internet	telecommunication	tv			verizon plunges into cable wars with new technology verizon communications inc. said yesterday it will extend a powerful new fiber optic network capable of delivering cable television to 1 million us homes and businesses by year's end, including more than 100,000 in suburban boston.
1			politics	election	democracy	anwar	islam	corruption	religion	terrorism	malaysia	politician			court crushes anwar 's comeback bid former deputy leader anwar ibrahim claimed yesterday that malaysia 's highest court bent to government pressure in a ruling that bars his return to elected office before 2008, despite his recent release from prison.
4			sport	music	technology	media	copyright	finance	industry			vivendi to sell 15 stake in veolia to reduce debt vivendi universal sa, owner of the world 's largest music company, plans to sell a 15 percent stake in veolia environnement sa to cut debt and focus on media and mobile phone businesses.
3			business	airline	aircraft	fleet	logistics			us airways to maintain most of fleet, united bidding out regional ... bankrupt us airways this morning said it had reached agreements with lenders and lessors to continue operating nearly all of its mainline and us airways express fleets.
2			racer	sport	race	car	competition	speed	racing			obstacles? sutton keeps on truckin' ever since she was a little girl, buzzing around her father's knees while he worked on his race cars at the family garage, kelly sutton dreamed about being a racer. just like her daddy and granddaddy.
4			authentication	privacy	technology	standard	vulnerability	encryption	security			security group sets baseline standard for firewalls four security software rivals are have teamed up to set a baseline standard for application security firewalls, challenging others in the industry to join them.
4			mobile	network	telecom	nokia	technology	telecommunication	phone			published by the group of companies maxis communications bhd targets to launch its third generation 3g mobile services in the first quarter of 2005, but it expects the number of subscribers to be less than 100,000 during the first year due to the expensive handsets.
4			industry	computer	manufacturing	technology	performance	networking	ibm	server			ibm fashions new blades five new hs20 models and one new js20 blade server. the company also is rolling out new features designed to improve the performance of bladecenter systems.
3			rating	revenue	investor	stock	growth	profit	competition	money	earnings			future's cloudy for clear channel earnings are up, but sagging revenues are more annoying than static.
3			oracle	business			oracle redefines enterprise content management with launch of ... to help companies increase productivity, reduce risk and better meet regulatory compliance guidelines through improved management of unstructured data, oracle announced the launch of its enterprise class content management technology, oracle files 10g.
4			computer	pc	linux	microsoft	technology	apple	ibm	pcs	computing	industry			study: apple, dell lead pc customer satisfaction index the pc industry is doing a better job of satisfying its u.s. customers than in recent years, and improvements to technical support seem to have done the trick, according to the results of a study released tuesday by the university of michigan in ann arbor.
4			mobile	electronics	radio	battery	cellular	technology	telecommunication	telephone	phone			'cellular' answers action call you've got to like a movie in which william h. macy dispatches several villains with brute force and also dons an avocado facial mask. and you can't help but admire a film in which a cell phone is put to the use for which it was intended: assistance during an emergency.
4			virus	computer	hacking	technology	security			danger of image borne viruses looms hackers are close to finding a way to spread harmful computer viruses just by getting people to open an e mail message or visiting an infected web site, computer security experts warned yesterday.
4			mobile	device	mobility	wireless	smartphone	nokia	technology	telecommunication	phone			mobile firms sign 'super 3g' deal ntt docomo, vodafone and 24 other mobile phone firms and manufacturers join forces to develop the next generation of high speed handsets.
4			computer	graphic	mobility	technology	image	color	computing	windows			middle east emerges as prime growth market for graphic solutions ati technologies inc. tsx:aty, nasdaq:atyt , a world leader in the design and manufacture of innovative 3d graphics and digital media silicon solutions, today announced that pci express pcie enabled graphics
2			politics	coaching	baseball	florida	espn	basketball	sport	recruiting	football	georgia			loudonville 's zook fired as gators coach, but will finish season university of florida football coach ron zook, a loudonville native, was fired today but will finish the season, a university source told the associated press.
4			security	computer	stealth	hacking	privacy	technology	protection	vulnerability	encryption	surveillance			most computer users ignore basic online security measures you may lock your doors and windows and maybe even activate an alarm system to keep your home protected, but a new study indicates that most of us haven 't taken the equivalent of those basic steps when it comes to protecting ourselves when we go online.
1			election	politics	controversy	democrat	delay	debate	change	republican			house republicans act to protect delay emboldened by their election success, house republicans changed their rules yesterday to allow majority leader tom delay tex. to keep his post even if a grand jury indicts him, and senate gop leaders continued to weigh changing long standing rules governing filibusters to prevent democrats from blocking president bush's most conservative judicial nominees.
4			manufacturing	production	technology	performance	semiconductor	intel			amd signs up for extra 64 bit production capacity advanced micro devices inc. will use chartered semiconductor manufacturing ltd. 's manufacturing services to produce amd 's opteron and athlon 64 processors starting in 2006, adding production capacity as the
4			computer	unix	privacy	microsoft	technology	availability	security	linux			red hat buys technology from netscape seattle, october 1: linux distributor red hat inc said on thursday that it had bought netscape 's computer user identification and management technology from america online inc, a unit of time warner inc.
4			windows	business	software	privacy	technology	microsoft	strategy	security	linux			microsoft expands windows xp update release microsoft corp. msft is starting to ramp up distribution of its massive security update for the windows xp operating system, but analysts say they still expect the company to move at a relatively slow pace to avoid widespread glitches...
1			election	politics	war	democracy	kabul	iraq	terrorism	afghanistan			karzai accepts award ahead of election afghan president hamid karzai left for germany sunday to receive an award, his office said, just six days before his war plagued nation will hold its first ever direct presidential election. the one day trip had been previously announced, but the timing couldn't help but raise eyebrows as thousands of afghan and international workers feverishly struggle to prepare for the oct...
3			insurance	business	plant	shopping	bankruptcy	drug	money			frank's lawn, garden retailer closing frank's nursery crafts inc., having filed for bankruptcy twice in three years and failing to lure enough customers back from bigger retailers like wal mart and home depot, is going out of business.
3			trading	share	trade	trend	price	company	market	stock	industry			nz stocks: corporate news buoys sharemarket the was plenty of news but not much in the way of price movements on the sharemarket today. the benchmark nzsx 50 gross index was up 6.50 points to 2861.
2			baseball	history	statistics	award	sport	football	money			sportsview: nfl plays bad cop vs. plummer the national football league wanted to package its tribute to pat tillman much the same way it's planning the next halftime show at the super bowl. nice, neat and orderly, with no surprises.
3			baseball	business	investor	investing	financial	finance	money	putnam			putnam official resigns the region putnam investments said deborah f. kuenstner, managing director and chief investment officer of the mutual fund firm's large cap value investment team and international value team, will leave the company at year end. kuenstner has also been an executive board member and management team leader for the $ 1 billion putnam classic equity fund. josh brooks, chief investment officer of the ...
4			processor	computer	chip	hardware	intel	technology	power	silicon	linux			nvidia to put more force behind intel processors graphics chip maker nvidia on friday made public plans to create a version of its nforce chipset for intel processor pcs. that 's something nvidia couldn 't legally do in the past, but can now, thanks to a broad patent swap with intel.
4			electronics	battery	computer	device	storage	charging			apple recalls 15 in. powerbook batteries apple computer inc. has issued a recall for about 28,000 powerbook batteries sold between january and august for use with its 15 in. powerbook g4 computers
4			technology	wireless	standard	multimedia	video	media			wi fi alliance to announce interim multimedia spec next week, the wi fi alliance will release wi fi multimedia, or wmm, an interim standard that will provide early quality of service functionality for multimedia equipment based on the emerging 802.
3			business	ceo	mr	privacy	money			novell ceo office vice chairman to leave networking firm novell inc. on thursday said chris stone, vice chairman of the office of the chief executive officer, is leaving the company to pursue other opportunities.
3			australia	statistics	business	economics	stock	market	finance	competition	industry			uk stocks advance, paced by british airways and rentokil uk stocks advanced, paced by british airways plc after the airline averted a strike by some of its staff. rentokil initial plc, the world 's biggest pest control business, gained after
4			satellite	television	network	music	technology	industry			echostar dishes up value the second largest satellite entertainment provider adds 350,000 subscribers.
4			dell	computer	hardware	software	technology	hp	networking	security	linux			dell's third quarter results break company records dell inc. continued to outpace the rest of the it industry in the company's third quarter with sizzling growth in shipments, revenue, and net income adding up to the best quarter yet for the hardware vendor, the company said thursday.
4			computer	software	privacy	technology	company	finance	money	silicon	industry			software shares up ahead of oracle report investors moved into software shares monday a day ahead of an earnings report from oracle corp. that could give wall street a better idea about the pace of technology spending.
3			job	employee	ceo	manufacturing	technology	company	ft	industry			after at merger, cingular wireless expects to cut 6,800 jobs with its acquisition of at wireless services inc. complete see story , cingular wireless llc is preparing to lay off about 10 of its 68,000 workers over a 12 to 18 month period starting next year.
3			australia	investor	investing	market	stock	growth	finance	competition	money			market closes weaker the australian share market finished slightly weaker today, as investors continued to engage in some profit taking after last week 's record highs.
1			politics	election	history	sport	race	football	washington	republican	victory			kerry claims victory after redskins loss senator john kerry declared victory on sunday in the us presidential election, staking his claim on a historical quirk linking past white house races and the washington redskins football team.
4			dell	computer	hardware	software	technology	hp	networking	security	linux			dell takes new stab at blade design com november 1, 2004, 4:00 am pt. zdnet 's survey of it professionals in october kept upgrading hardware at number two on the businesses radar throughout the year.
3			industry	acquisition	trend	business	sale	marketing	growth	competition	merger			albertsons on the rebound the no. 2 grocer reports double digit gains in sales and earnings after recent acquisitions.
4			electronics	battery	computer	electricity	safety	technology	power	energy	reliability	linux			dell to recall 990,000 laptop power adapters dell inc. will recall about 990,000 power adapters for some of its laptop computer models because of a risk of overheating, which could lead to a fire or electrical shock, the u.s. consumer product safety commission said on friday.
4			electricity	technology	broadband	internet	telecommunication	speed			the broadband market rises in the uk more than one of every five uk households has a broadband connection, according to a new study on monday, indicating that falling prices have made britain one of the fastest growing markets for high speed internet access.
1			politics	britain	minister	labour	government	corruption	religion	money			sunday times: ministers were this weekend embroiled in a stars for labour row after they were told to use their contacts with the rich and famous to get them to back the party.
3			business	trend	jazz	sale	management	marketing	dj	advertising	competition			dj sees profit shortfall on weak ad sales dow jones co. on wednesday cut its earnings forecast for the current quarter, citing weakness this month in key advertising categories at its flagship newspaper, the wall street journal.
4			acquisition	network	mobility	detail	privacy	technology	communication	finance	networking	patent			brief: csc signs $ 1b outsourcing deal with textron computer sciences corp. will provide textron inc. with infrastructure and network support services under a 10 year, $ 1 billion contract, the companies announced.
1			politics	election	democracy	polling	poll	iran	iraq	afghanistan			afghan election still open say rivals hamid karzais rivals say its still too early to concede afghanistans inaugural presidential election, despite the interim leaders dominant showing after three days of vote counting.
1			politics	america	election	democracy	bush	washington	money			huge us deficit emphasizes fragile world view of the american ... international forecaster allyn hunt writes: bush 's re election in contrast signals a period of increased efforts by brazil 's widely popular president of luiz inacio lula da silva, argentina 's nestor kirchner, venezuela 's vigorously anti bush president
4			computer	software	unix	technology	finance	pricing	logistics	security	linux			mandrakesoft in $ 7.3 million stock sell off move should open the way for the linux seller to buy other companies.
4			cancellation	computer	crash	chip	hardware	technology	networking	intel	linux			intel switches off lcos tv chip tv chip cancellation joins a long list of 2004 canceled projects and missteps.
4			grid	computing	gov	technology	internet	patent	research	education			w.va. to sponsor public computing grid researchers and businesses in west virginia will be able to access the first state sponsored public internet computing grid when the global grid exchange is launched next month.
3			organization	business	collaboration	technology	marketing	company	enterprise	networking			crm vendors branch out siebel is aiming to take a larger role in enterprises, by branching out from customer relationship management crm and by making its tools easier to use.
2			baseball	statistics	game	computer	gaming	sport	nfl	football	madden	money			electronic arts breaking out game kingpin and motley fool stock advisor recommendation electronic arts nasdaq: erts has another hit on its hands. madden nfl 2005 was the top selling game its first week on the market.
4			electronics	battery	technology	wireless	power	money	phone			t mobile's sidekick ii strikes a functional balance of voice, data uses wireless industry types like to talk about smart phones as if these souped up, internet capable, multifunction cell phones all have the same iq. but they don't.
3			politics	business	ceo	speculation	shareholder	scandal	money			update 1: conrad black to step down as hollinger ceo conrad black, the embattled press baron, said thursday he would give up his posts as ceo and chairman of hollinger inc., a canadian holding company, to ease his plan to take the company private.
4			science	computer	technology	economics	evolution	innovation	research	ai	computing			panel warns us to ratchet up supercomputer research a panel of leading computer scientists warned in a report issued last week that unless the us federal government significantly increased support for advanced research on supercomputing, the us would be unable to retain its lead on that technological front
2			politics	baseball	doping	sport	football	drug	gambling	money	ethics			scandals sink sports the past weeks of steroids, on field brawls and questionable of nfl marketing have led some to ask: what are sports degenerating into?
4			computer	application	business	technology	microsoft	strategy	productivity	email	windows			microsoft office 2004 for mac service pack 1 theres time for fun and time to focus. when youre ready to get down to business, microsoft office 2004 for mac provides the intuitive, intelligent tools you need to transform your ideas and opportunities into action.
4			politics	computer	electricity	safety	technology	terrorism			double government computer failure shows plans to axe all ... the latest government computer crash at the department of work and pensions shows the folly of the government plans to axe all existing emergency fire control rooms.
4			ibm	computer	ca	technology	hp	patent	silicon	computing	linux			hp, sun to resell new high end hitachi array hewlett packard co. and sun microsystems inc. both plan to announce wednesday that they will resell a high end disk array being introduced by hitachi data systems corp.
1			election	politics	government	parliament	corruption	finance	afghanistan	terrorism	pakistan			pakistan parliament elects prime minister pakistan 's parliament elected former finance minister shaukat aziz, a close ally of president gen. pervez musharraf, as prime minister on friday after the opposition
4			algorithms	web	standard	architecture	design			w3c publishes web architecture the world wide web consortium w3c this week published a final version of its architecture of the world wide web, volume 1 document, looking to set forth codified principles for the web itself.
1			politics	election	protest	violence	democracy	china	corruption	protester	terrorism			hk leader to meet top protester veteran protester leung kwok hung, who won a seat in legislative elections, says he will demand the resignation of hong kong 's leader when the two hold face to face talks on saturday, media reports said.
4			electronics	pc	computer	china	microsoft	technology	ibm	pcs	linux			lenovo, ibm may soon reveal pc unit deal china's largest personal computer maker, lenovo group ltd., could announce as early as tuesday that it is buying control of ibm's pc making business for up to us $ 2 billion, a source familiar with the situation said.
4			electronics	dell	graphic	software	technology	film	color	linux			dell unveils inexpensive projector new 2300mp digital model offers high brightness and resolution, at a low price.
4			electronics	computer	safety	privacy	technology	car	lock	security			twist a pen, open a lock kryptonite's near indestructible bike locks can be opened in seconds with a cheap plastic pen. this is pretty bad for kryptonite: the same lock is widely used in vending machines, security panels and vehicle security products. by leander kahney.
3			success	sale	marketing	strategy	advertising	competition	diversity			america's car mart's diversity the used car retailer stabilizes results with an all in one strategy.
4			business	java	collaboration	technology	innovation	linux			jboss brings open source to bpm jboss has released a new version of its open source business process management application, called jbpm. it is the latest evidence that the open source provider is serious about pushing
1			politics	britain	election	mr	terrorism			britain 's blair left with political headache after key minister ... british prime minister tony blair was leaving for a key summit after a rapid and deeply unwelcome reorganisation of his government following the resignation of respected interior minister david blunkett.
1			election	politics	campaign	australia	polling	race	strategy	campaigning	money			australia 's labor party faces uphill battle in election campaign campaigning was never going to be easy for opposition labor party leader mark latham: an australian economy into its 13th year of expansion, interest rates at their lowest in 30 years, inflation in check an close race likely to be decided in just a
2			baseball	titanic	sport	football	money			'roids could ruin the game think of major league baseball as the titanic after it rammed into the tip of the iceberg.
2			baseball	hockey	basketball	sport	football	detroit	toronto			bosh takes it to kg in raptors win it was certainly an unlikely ending to the toronto raptors seven game losing streak, a 96 90 win wednesday night over the minnesota timberwolves in a heated affair.
4			windows	computer	software	privacy	technology	microsoft	apple	linux			windows world gets os x wake up call apple should be pushing its mac os x software aggressively into corporations running windows, says a microsoft solution provider in massachusetts, but others claim that apple might be missing
4			computer	pc	linux	microsoft	technology	apple	ibm	pcs	industry			study: apple, dell lead pc customer satisfaction index the pc industry is doing a better job of satisfying its us customers than in recent years, and improvements to technical support seem to have done the trick, according to the
4			technology	marketing	internet	ai	email	im			instant messaging is growing up, going to work if you're an avid instant messenger, you probably know what i mean: instant messaging doesn't work for me, does it work for you? yet i appear to be on the way to becoming a minority, a fuddy dud resisting the text chat party. instant messaging, or im, is catching on with adults in a big way as it moves rapidly into the workplace, according to recent surveys. in fact, analysts predict im soon will overtake e mail as the no. 1 form of electronic communication.
4			electronics	lcd	computer	battery	storage	technology			global lcd oversupply to peak report excess supplies of large liquid crystal displays lcds are forecast to peak in the third quarter of this year, but will balance out by the fourth, a us research firm said on friday.
3			trend	company	growth	ft	finance	industry			s p 500 companies to show growth third quarter earnings get under way in earnest next week led by several large banks, as well as technology companies intel corp. and yahoo inc. with many expected to post double digit growth.
1			politics	election	history	democracy	iran	iraq	candidate	afghanistan			karzai officially declared election winner the leader of afghanistan 's interim government, hamid karzai, has been officially declared the winner of last month 's presidential election.
4			computer	hardware	software	intel	technology	networking	silicon	computing	linux			dell amd? in 2003, amd launched the opteron, a server chip that made the argument for 64 bit processing without ditching 32 bit investments.
3			business	manufacturing	aviation	car	technology	growth	finance	transportation	industry			navistar up 2.7 percent in pre trade shares of navistar international corp. rose 2.7 percent before the bell on monday after the commercial truck maker said it expects higher fourth quarter earnings and revenue.
2			coaching	baseball	nbc	syracuse	espn	basketball	sport	recruiting	football			pasqualoni stays on syracuse football coach paul pasqualoni has received a vote of confidence from athletic director jake crouthamel, and chancellor nancy cantor announced monday night that pasqualoni would return in 2005 for his 15th season as head coach.
4			id	fingerprint	privacy	technology	smartphone	sensor	security			casio combines lcd and fingerprint sensor casio computer corp. has developed a fingerprint sensor layered on top of a 1.2 inch lcd screen, providing a convenient way for phone makers to incorporate biometric security into their handsets, a casio official said tuesday at the ceatec 2004 show in chiba, japan.
4			science	computer	car	technology	evolution	machine	time	speed	computing	linux			the world welcomes the fastest computer ever to be made the supercomputer, blue gene l, is faster than nec corp. 's earth simulator, which had been the world 's fastest with its ability to sustain speeds of 35.
2			work	sport	working	competition	money			review: olympics online coverage though nbc is blanketing seven networks with 1,210 hours of olympics coverage, there's this pesky, bill paying task called work that keeps me from fully enjoying the televised competition.
4			chip	technology	finance	silicon	intel	security	industry			texas instruments narrows forecast texas instruments inc. , the world's largest maker of chips for cell phones, on tuesday said it expects fourth quarter revenue and earnings per share at the mid range of its previous estimates, as order trends remain soft.
4			science	recycling	electricity	pollution	technology	energy	research			scientists develop clean diesel system scientists at the idaho national engineering and environmental laboratory say they have developed the first system to convert dirty diesel fuel into a quiet, self contained and efficient energy source.
4			building	engineering	construction	technology	architecture	design			bye bye, blueprint: 3d modeling catches on three dimensional technology is changing the way buildings are designed and built but the industry will have to change, too.
2			diabetes	doping	race	sport	blood	horse	racing			o connor 's medal now 'tarnished avril doyle, president of the irish equestrian federation, believes cian o connor 's olympic medal is tarnished following a positive blood test.
4			laptop	notebook	computer	electronics	device	technology	ibm	productivity	computing			product review: ibm thinkpad x40 the ultra portable sector of the notebook industry over the last few years has become a showcase for the engineering prowess of the world's largest computer companies.
4			buying	technology	option	telecommunication	cost	competition	money	industry			tellabs scales back afc buy communications equipment maker tellabs scaled back the size of its purchase of advanced fibre communications afc tuesday, reaching a new agreement that will drop the price tag on the deal to $ 1.
4			network	connectivity	ethernet	technology	broadband	wireless	networking	intel	linux			intel and clearwire to work on wimax together intel will work with clearwire, a wireless internet service provider, on future networks based on wimax wireless broadband technology.
4			philip	device	network	mobility	ethernet	technology	nokia	wireless	siemens	patent			siemens selects qualcomm 's chipsets reserved. us digital wireless communications products developer qualcomm has announced that german handset maker siemens is to build wireless multimedia handsets based on chipsets from qualcomm 's wcdma umts mobile station modem msm portfolio.
4			boeing	network	technology	defense	communication	telecommunication	networking	ibm	security			boeing and ibm join forces to gain edge at dod to nab network centric work at the defense department, boeing co. and ibm corp. today announced a 10 year alliance. the two companies estimate that dod will spend $ 200 billion for ground and space based systems for net centric operations.
3			success	history	business	million	greed	bankruptcy	competition	money			ibc seeks to rise again through bankruptcy as ceo and chairman, james elsesser kept looking for a way to make interstate bakeries corp. as solid as its brand names. inheriting a company with aging factories and slow reflexes that for decades
3			trading	trade	commodity	market	stock	future	money	earnings	industry			stocks seen higher before jobs data u.s. stock futures surged friday morning on the back of intel corp.'s raised quarterly sales forecast and lower oil prices, but strategists said the market's early direction would be dictated by the monthly employment data due out before the start of trading.
4			job	computer	linux	employee	manufacturing	software	technology	productivity	industry			computer associates to cut 800 jobs computer associates will cut 800 jobs, the software maker said on wednesday, reducing its work force 5 percent in its biggest cost cutting effort since 2001 amid slack demand and falling prices for software and services.
2			coaching	controversy	baseball	magic	espn	basketball	sport	football	washington	nba			fans stand behind suspended wallace it might have been nba commissioner david stern taking his chances had he tried to enter the stands at the palace on sunday after suspending ben wallace for six games.
4			computer	hacking	surveillance	privacy	technology	internet	camera	photography	security			connecting paper and online worlds by cellphone camera printed symbols called spotcodes can help cellphones with cameras find their way around cyberspace.
1			election	politics	democrat	democracy	voting	candidate	washington	republican	convention			democrats come to observe convention the democrats have come to town to prick rhetorical balloons at the republican national convention.
2			baseball	miami	sport	football	money			miami losses no joking matter to bowden you d think it would bother him just a little more. or maybe it does, and he 's not telling. for years, florida state coach bobby bowden could count on at least two things every football season
1			politics	britain	election	violence	democracy	war	peace	ireland	terrorism	money			british govt cash called for to bolster peace the british government is facing demands to pump funds into northern ireland in a bid to bolster a talks deal if it is struck, sinn fin leader gerry adams said tonight.
4			computer	java	code	programming	software	technology	development	security	linux			hewlett packard takes another stab at software hewlett packard is returning to a software market where it suffered one of its worst defeats. but this time, the company has open source software as its ally.
1			politics	nigeria	government	democracy	poverty	corruption	power	africa			africa must be heard in the councils of the rich oxford, england rich countries are ardent advocates for democracy all around the world. but when it comes to the international monetary fund and the world bank, government of the many by the few is the preferred option.
3			business	telecommunication	loss	growth	bankruptcy	risk	competition	money	security			update 1: global crossing plummets on restructure global crossing ltd. shares plummeted monday after the once bankrupt telecommunications company announced it will cut about 600 jobs and scale down operations to free enough cash to stay fiscally afloat.
4			electronics	computer	manufacturing	chip	technology	performance	semiconductor	silicon	industry			chip sales rise 1.5 pct in october from september worldwide semiconductor sales rose a scant 1.5 percent in october, to $ 18.8 billion from $ 18.5 billion in september, as many chip users pared bloated inventories, the semiconductor industry association said on friday.
1			election	politics	campaign	kerry	bush	candidate	washington	mccain	republican			2004 presidential endorsements newspaper endorsements in the 2004 presidential campaign between president bush, a republican, and sen. john kerry, a democrat.
4			pc	computer	microsoft	technology	internet	ibm	pcs	computing			lenovo to carve up ibm pc empire healthy or unhealthy, this national dependence on the web has happened in the 10 short years since ibm targeted the domestic consumer with pcs powerful enough to connect with the web.
4			industry	computer	manufacturing	technology	japan	machine	ibm	computing	linux			ibm claims top spot in world 's fastest supercomputer listing international business machines corp. has assembled the world 's most powerful computer, unseating japan 's nec corp. after more than two years, according to an industry ranking.
4			wired	network	ethernet	technology	broadband	internet	wireless	networking	intel	linux			intel invests in new wireless venture hoping to accelerate the deployment of a new wireless technology, intel corp. announced monday it 's invested in a venture started by billionaire craig mccaw to deliver high speed internet service over the airwaves.
3			product	buying	sale	technology	shop	shopping	fashion	consumer	retail			verizon adds shopping tools to verizon said friday it has teamed up with ebay and for the rollout of new shopping tools on its online yellow pages site.
2			sport	race	rowing	swimming	cycling			my body was done , says retiring pinsent four time olympic gold medallist matthew pinsent this morning announced his retirement from rowing three months after his final triumph in athens in the coxless fours.
4			mobile	mobility	web	technology	smartphone	internet			w3c highlights mobile web initiative at workshop group seeks to make web access for mobile device users as easy as it is for desktop users.
4			privacy	technology	company	advertising	google	money			google faces challenge of public company status your name is synonymous with searching the internet, and you ve just raised roughly $ 1.7 billion from investors by going public.
3			thursday	revenue	business	trend	company	finance	profit	competition	money			doubleclick says quarterly profit more than doubles internet marketing company doubleclick inc. dclk.o: quote, profile, research on thursday said quarterly profit more than doubled with one time gains, but its shares fell after hours
4			price	biotechnology	technology	pharmaceutical	pharmaceuticals	drug	research	industry			ucb up after deal to sell unit to cytec for $ 1.86 bln belgian pharmaceutical ucb rose 1.2 percent in mid morning trade after the group agreed to sell its surface specialties business to cytec industries cyt for 1.5 billion euros $ 1.
4			science	computer	network	privacy	technology	internet	communication	networking	email			can't we all just get along? tim berners lee, the man who invented the web, says the medium will never realize its potential unless everyone involved can agree on standards that let computers more easily communicate with each other.
4			industry	network	connectivity	ethernet	technology	cisco	networking	ibm	security	reliability			cisco systems earnings rise 29 percent cisco systems inc. , the biggest maker of equipment that directs data over the internet, on tuesday said quarterly earnings rose 29 percent on stronger demand for its networking gear.
4			computer	hacking	surveillance	privacy	technology	encryption	terrorism	security	linux			schwarzenegger signs california anti spyware bill california gov. arnold schwarzenegger signed an anti spyware bill on tuesday banning unauthorized installation of deceptive software that hides in personal computers and secretly monitors user activity.
4			processor	computer	technology	power	performance	semiconductor	memory	silicon	computing			amd and ibm develops new technology for processors amd and ibm in collaboration have developed a new technology that can lead to massive increase in processor power. they call it strained silicon transistor and tests have shown it resulted in a 24 increase in performance.
2			boxing	baseball	olympics	athletics	sport	football	athlete	attack	terrorism			sporting world remembers sept. 11 attacks on the third anniversary of the sept. 11 attacks, the victims were remembered and honored in sporting events around the country and the world.
2			coaching	basketball	steal	sport	rebound	player	coach	strategy	stats	money			mistakes hinder knicks in loss it will be labeled a learning experience, but that won 't remove any of the sting. momentum was lost again wednesday night as the knicks blew a lead and lost 94 93 to the detroit pistons at madison square garden.
3			trading	trade	price	sale	marketing	advertising	pricing	competition	industry			search engine forums spotlight links to this week's topics from search engine forums across the web: live reports from search engine strategies san jose 2004 ppc bounce rate google adwords myths after sempo: should we start a trade association? search inventory vs. conversion terra sells lycos at yard sale price
2			baseball	football			pats manage to shake off bengals they chewed up huge chunks of yardage both in the air and on the ground. but the cincinnati bengals on sunday also found out the hard way that the key to
2			baseball	australia	england	espn	rugby	sport	football	cricket	cricketer			bskyb gets exclusive live rights to england cricket british sky broadcasting group plc, rupert murdoch 's uk pay television arm, won an exclusive four year contract to show live english cricket, cementing its grip on sports programming in britain.
3			business	ceo	trend	marketing	finance	strategy	pricing	hr			update 2 kmart names yum marketing maven as ceo kmart holding corp. kmrt.o: quote, profile, research on monday named a new president and chief executive in a move that could signal the start of a campaign to revamp the discount retailer 's image.
4			pc	computer	linux	usb	dvd	technology	multimedia	pcs	computing	windows			pc hard drive expands size and speed the increasing popularity of pc based multimedia applications, particularly home video editing and downloading of films and tv shows from peer to peer networks, is driving demand for bigger hard disc drives.
4			mobile	television	network	telecom	wireless	technology	telecommunication	tv			phone vendors team up to deliver mobile tv five of the world's top mobile phone manufacturers are joining forces on the delivery of tv broadcasts to handsets, opening yet another opportunity for content providers and hoping to drive demand for next generation wireless devices and services.
4			industry	product	manufacturing	software	microsoft	technology	hr	linux			peoplesoft forges ahead with product plans at connect conference, customers will hear about the progress of its total cost of ownership initiative, as well as upgrades to its hr and jd edwards manufacturing software.
4			computer	business	china	technology	tech	innovation	ibm	money	industry			ibm chief sees global tech spending rise companies will spend more money next year on information technology and other capital investments compared with 2004, the chief executive of the world's biggest computer company, ibm corp, said on friday. p
1			politics	life	violence	democracy	love	suicide	money			what's a dejected democrat to do? since nov. 2, countless kerry supporters have been flocking to the internet in search of a postelection pick me up. here are some of the imaginative ways they are coping with sorrow and anger online
1			politics	election	democrat	voting	rule	republican	party	leadership			house g.o.p. voids rule it adopted shielding leader after fierce criticism, house republicans reversed a rule change that would have allowed a party leader to retain his position even if indicted.
3			business	revenue	trend	growth	profit	finance	money	industry			priceline profit rises but shares drop on outlook online travel agency inc. pcln.o: quote, profile, research said on tuesday quarterly profit rose on strong airline, rental car and hotel bookings.
2			coaching	baseball	expectation	statistics	basketball	sport	recruiting	football	tech			which unc team will show up against 18th ranked tech? north carolina has had some interesting results in what has been a very interesting season thus far for the tar heels. virginia tech coach frank beamer says only one of those results merits
4			electronics	computer	television	sale	technology	marketing	advertising	tv	consumer	retail			retailers looking to move plasma tv's hanging stockings by the chimney with care? retailers hope that st. nicholas soon will be there to hang a 42 inch plasma screen tv. as prices drop for high end televisions, sales are leaping. retailers expect to sell twice as many plasma screen televisions and three times as many lcd televisions this year, according to the consumer electronics association.
2			baseball	basketball	sport	football	drug	murder			chiefs hall sits out with painful lip dante hall, kansas city 's all pro kick returner, could only stand on the sideline at practice on thursday, icing his painfully infected lower lip.
2			politics	coaching	baseball	basketball	sport	race	golf	football	money			bob huggins makes fast start upon return cincinnati basketball coach bob huggins was contrite and sporting a new crew cut as he returned to work friday after university officials suspended him following his drunken driving conviction in june and told him to rehabilitate
4			wired	network	technology	telecom	broadband	wireless	telecommunication	ti	networking			update 1: texas instruments may see wireless boost the court ruling that ended a yearlong legal battle between texas instruments inc. and qualcomm inc. could boost ti 's presence in the wireless sector, analysts say.
1			election	america	politics	history	democracy	race			state elections mirror national divide polarized voters, almost perfectly divided between the two parties and the balance of power hanging on hard fought, expensive campaigns in a few key areas. it's the story line of the 2004 presidential election, but it's also playing out in the battle for power in state legislatures, where democratic and republican control has probably never been so evenly divided.
2			baseball	chief	sport	football	money			chiefs insist they've plenty to play for when tony gonzalez heard somebody on the radio say the kansas city chiefs had nothing left to play for, it almost made his blood boil.
4			computer	pc	privacy	technology	power	innovation	pcs	computing	linux			start up offers low power personal supercomputers lower electrical power consumption, not just greater data processing oomph, will help a new class of desktop supercomputers unveiled on monday turn conventional industry logic on its head, its designers say.
3			business	revenue	transparency	performance	finance	money	security			cisco: wall st. revenue view reasonable cisco systems inc. , the biggest maker of gear to direct traffic over the internet, on tuesday said it was on track to meet wall street's fiscal 2005 revenue growth estimates, but signaled that profit margins were under pressure.
3			trading	business	trade	sale	management	london	market	competition	retail			marks and spencer unveils major management shake up british retailer marks and spencer announced a major management shake up as part of efforts to revive its fortunes, saying trading has become tougher ahead of the crucial christmas period.
2			coaching	baseball	ranking	basketball	athletics	sport	recruiting	football	sec			colonials enters top 25 two wins over top 15 schools catapults no. 21 george washington into the top 25 for the first time since 1998 with some newfound respect in tow.
4			politics	network	telecom	technology	communication	telecommunication			global crossing struggling to stay afloat the weak telecom market continues to wreak havoc on telecom company global crossing ltd., which is cutting jobs and trying to restructure its finances in an attempt to continue operating.
4			computer	school	learning	technology	bullying	education			netinterlink offers schools a way to stay on track parind raval and siamak asgari spent six years working for a variety of technology companies while seeking a niche that would allow them to start their own business. two years ago, asgari met a school system official who mentioned the need for an effective student management system in public schools.
2			medal	beijing	game	olympic	china	olympics	sport	chess			olympics: cut it out, give it back, cool the hype calls of cut it out and give it back competed with a hot united states vs. china medals race thursday as the 28th olympiad in athens went into its final days with some 80 medals still to be won.
4			computer	privacy	broadband	technology	internet	bandwidth	networking			aol creates its own browsing software as part of its reincarnation, america online inc. is creating its own software for browsing the web and playing movies and songs. it 's a question of staying relevant in an increasingly broadband world.
4			ibm	hardware	technology	storage	performance	networking	patent	security	industry			ibm unveils challenge to emc for the second time in two weeks, ibm corp. will unveil a product designed to challenge its archrival in the data storage business: emc corp. of hopkinton. emc dominates the market for high end corporate storage hardware, but ibm's new ''storage virtualization software could encourage defections from emc by making it easier for companies to mix and match storage hardware from ...
4			dell	computer	technology	power	blade	tip			dell pulls out blades in paris dell has belatedly joined its competitors in offering own design blade servers with the launch in paris on monday afternoon of the poweredge 1855.
4			product	application	business	software	management	system	security	windows			bmc adds peoplesoft management bmc software has released a new version of patrol for peoplesoft 2.0 that allows companies to centrally manage peoplesoft users, transactions, jobs, sql requests, and business processes.
4			computer	business	technology	hp	money			hp board pondered breaking up the company the board of hewlett packard co. hpq.n: quote, profile, research discussed breaking up the no. 2 computer maker three times in the past, yet each time decided
4			computer	hacking	software	privacy	music	technology	networking	windows			tivo untethered and ready to go a new portable service will allow people to transfer shows recorded by tivo to pcs or laptops and take them on the road. but don't try sending programs over the web.
3			security	business	oracle	customer	bankruptcy	email	banking			update 5: peoplesoft extends its customer program peoplesoft inc. said tuesday it is extending a money back guarantee program that it says is designed to protect customers in the event of a takeover by its rival software maker oracle corp.
4			hacking	threat	privacy	technology	vulnerability	security	windows			home users flunk web security as part of a month long effort to highlight the dangers of online threats, the national cyber security alliance ncsa and america online aol released survey results that paint a bleak picture of the home pc security landscape.
2			basketball	sport	football	muscle	payton			broken thumb sidelines payton results of x rays on gary payton's right hand revealed a non displaced fracture in the point guard's right thumb. payton did not play last night against the pistons and had the top of his thumb bandaged, but the celtics expect him to play in the season opener against the philadelphia 76ers wednesday night at the fleetcenter. it could be his first ...
2			star	baseball	basketball	football			wake forest doesn 't need star to shine to shine on a poor first half and an off night from its star guard were not enough to derail the no. 1 team in the country. wake forest proved a couple of things last night at madison square garden: that
1			politics	america	election	history	war	democracy	terrorist	terrorism	money			america 's divide on stark display when americans go to the polls on nov. 2, osama bin laden may still be plotting new 9 11 terror attacks, mocking president george w. bush 's pledge now three years old o bring him to justice.
4			electronics	software	music	technology	nokia	audio			creative zen micro 5gb music player cite reg cite review mobile phone styling comes to the mp3 world
3			job	business	manufacturing	boston	technology	innovation	cancer	money	healthcare			over 100 will lose jobs amid medsource sale more than 100 workers in newton are scheduled to lose their jobs by february amid the purchase of medsource technologies inc. by another medical device contract manufacturer, the new owner acknowledged yesterday.
4			plasma	electronics	computer	privacy	technology	japan	patent	linux			matsushita sues over pdp patent matsushita is asking a tokyo court to halt sales in japan of plasma display panels made by a south korean company that the japanese electronics giant says violate its patents, the company said tuesday.
1			politics	election	violence	democracy	race	fear	terrorism	woman	murder			sen. boxer tries her hand at fiction infighting and power, alliances and revenge it's just another day in the capitol. california sen. barbara boxer has mined her workplace for a suspense novel in which the main character is an activist senator who does battle with right wing ideologues.
1			election	politics	islam	candidate	religion	muslim			u.s. muslim leaders undecided on candidate as both democrats and republicans sought their support, american muslim leaders wrapped up their community's largest convention sunday still debating whether to endorse a presidential candidate.
4			mobile	business	network	mobility	technology			mobile phone customers get connected cingular wireless marked the completion of its $ 41 billion takeover of at wireless services inc. by immediately expanding unlimited mobile to mobile calling between the two networks. subscribers of the original cingular and at wireless who have had plans that gave them unlimited calls to fellow subscribers now also get free unlimited calls to subscribers of the other carrier. cingular is now ...
1			politics	election	history	result	democracy	iran	candidate	afghanistan	pakistan			quarter of all afghan votes counted; karzai ahead afghan president hamid karzai was on course on tuesday for an outright victory in the country's historic presidential election with almost a quarter of the votes counted from the poll 10 days ago.
3			trading	business	trade	technology	stock	market	ibm	industry			nyse to use custom ibm palm pcs ibm has developed an order management and messaging system dubbed tradeworks for the new york stock exchange designed to support the growing number of shares traded on the exchange.
3			income	revenue	investor	investing	growth	finance	profit	wealth	money	earnings			american express posts higher 3q profit financial services giant american express co. said monday that third quarter earnings rose to meet wall street expectations. net income increased to $ 879 million, or 69 cents per share, from $ 770 million, or 59 cents per share, a year ago.
4			technology	marketing	tech	buzz	robot			bluetooth flying bot creates buzz the micro flyer is the next version of the robot by the japanese technology firm that wowed crowds with last year.
2			luck	basketball	sport	west	golf	football			west has broken hand just two games into his return from a fractured right thumb, delonte west suffered a broken right hand that will keep the rookie point guard out indefinitely. west broke his hand on an innocuous looking fall early in the second quarter against miami sunday night. he iced the hand at halftime and came back to play in the ...
2			baseball	hockey	nhl	soccer	sport	football	canada			hockey stars raise money for firefighters comedian denis leary hosts a hockey game each year to raise money for firefighters in need. this year, he had added incentive.
3			inflation	india	trend	sale	marketing	company	profit	consumer	competition	industry			coca cola posts sharp decline in 3q profits new york, october 22 coca cola company reported a 24 decline in its 3q04 profits, driven primarily by the sluggish sales of its soft drink, juice and bottled water products in the us and european markets.
2			baseball	team	business	sport	football	strategy	pitching	gambling	money			gms ready to wheel, deal for free agents after five days of discussion, debate and a final south beach birthday bash, the baseball general managers meetings broke up. now the real business begins starting friday, teams could talk money with any free agent.
4			wired	network	ethernet	wireless	broadband	infrastructure	telecommunication	networking			organizers shun wireless for gop convention network the it planners began working 18 months ago, evaluating the buildings that would contain 4,800 delegates and twice as many journalists at this week's republican national convention in new york. from the start, they agreed on one major infrastructure issue: no wireless.
1			election	america	politics	mr	bush	strategy			bush 's campaign of distortion in the first presidential debate, george w. bush asserted that he ll win reelection because he knows how to lead and but for an absent prefix, the president might have been revealing his closing stretch strategy.
4			business	technology	broadband	option	telecommunication	customer	provider			a phone number for life competition in the market for voice services is prompting telecom providers to find new ways to attract and keep customers. rnkvoip, a division of rnk telecom, unveiled on monday a plan to offer
4			science	electronics	nano	chemicals	biotechnology	technology	chemistry			scientists mimic lotus plant to create self cleaning clothing sending your favourite suit to the dry cleaners could one day be an infrequent practice when self cleaning clothing become the norm, thanks to progress in nano technology, the american chemical society has said.
2			athens	olympic	espn	olympics	athletics	sport	track	football	athlete			track team is tops for nbc nbc 's olympic track and field production and announcing unit needed just three days of competition to show it is one of the network 's best groups in athens.
4			america	technology	company	invention	innovation	corporation	american	idea	industry			meet the people who made america americans aren't more inventive than other people, but they innovate. a pbs documentary airing this week details how americans create new industries with their inventions an additional step that makes all the difference. by jason silverman.
4			network	technology	standard	regulation	fcc	telecommunication	networking	patent	competition			fcc sets interim network sharing rules the u.s. federal communications commission fcc will require incumbent telephone carriers to continue offering parts of their networks to competitors while the commission rewrites those network sharing rules.
4			politics	privacy	technology	vulnerability	defense	tech	strategy	terrorism	security			the security industrial complex security is a very big and growing tech business. cumulative private and public sector security spending in the u.s. is forecast to exceed 1 trillion over the coming decade. the punditocracy has analogized this post sept. 11 trend to cold war era military spending; homeland security will be a short term economic stimulus but, ultimately, like military spending, a drag on the nation's domestic production.
4			computer	software	programming	technology	automation	system	optimization	education			siebel moves toward self repairing software siebel systems wants to cut the costs of tending its software by teaching the programs to manage themselves.
4			manufacturing	technology	automation	robot	productivity	efficiency	toy			domestic robots to surge to 4.1 million by 2007 the use of robots around the home to mow lawns, vacuum floors, pull guard duty and perform other chores is set to surge sevenfold by 2007, says a new survey that credits dropping prices.
4			connectivity	ethernet	technology	cisco	switching	networking	switch	reliability			cisco dumbs down switch management two new switches from cisco demonstrate a sweeping change in the company 's assumptions about the technical knowledge of network managers.
4			computer	hardware	networking	car	technology	hp	speed	computing	linux			supercomputer race heats up with new rankings due soon, sgi, ibm and others are jostling for bragging rights. also: a speedy mac system gets speedier.
4			electronics	pc	computer	hardware	technology	networking	patent	pcs	silicon	industry			pc chip vendors set sights on dvrs digital video recorders dvrs and set top boxes are shaping up as one of the early proving grounds for traditional pc chip companies tentatively wading into the consumer electronics market.
4			mobile	electronics	privacy	technology	smartphone	ios	phone			smart phone predicts owner 's behaviour us boffins are developing mobile phones which learn user 's daily habits so that they can become mobile digital secretaries .
4			mobile	technology	nokia	smartphone	ios	phone			handango answers preminet call handango has signed on as a key content provider of mobile content and applications on nokia 's recently announced preminet platform.
2			politics	athletics	sex	sport	race	football			athletics: crying shame for radcliffe as marathon dream dies in ... paula radcliffe 's entrance to the panathinaiko stadium was not supposed to have been like this. for four years she has dreamed of setting the final garland on an honour strewn career by arriving at
3			business	company	advertising	corporation	google	canada	toronto	industry			yellow pages group to list 2.4 million businesses on google canada yellow pages group has signed an agreement with web search engine google that will make yellow pages business listings available on google local canada, a new local search service.
1			politics	job	election	democracy	race	economics	money	employment			byte of the apple apple aapl ceo steve jobs has always approached his job with the zeal and showmanship of a populist politician. jobs has another attribute common to the political classes, namely that even
2			basketball	brady	sport	football	neal			patriots' neal trying to pin down the nfl it had been seven years since stephen neal played football, and now he had to play at the highest level, against men who had dedicated their lives to the sport. safe to say, his challenges were different from those of his teammates. much different. even in the locker room.
2			usa	baseball	team	basketball	sport	player	pitcher	offense			sun get jump on liberty in game 1 home court advantage was not kind to the new york liberty friday night. and the connecticut sun, which has built somewhat of a reputation for putting
2			game	olympic	espn	olympics	athletics	sport	athlete	advertising	competition			olympics: no ad bonanza the showcase for the world's athletes doesn't produce marquee names for advertisers.
4			electricity	cable	network	ethernet	technology	broadband	internet	infrastructure	telecommunication			internet access, delivered from above new systems deliver broadband internet connections through fixed antennas without digging up streets to install cables.
3			business	investment	investing	marketing	market	finance	wealth	money	banking			adv: the new york times home delivery uncover financial insights for your business daily with the new york times the authority on market trend news and analysis. now delivered to your home or business starting at $ 2.40 wk.
2			medal	boxing	baseball	doping	olympics	athletics	sport	athlete	phelps			phelps watches and wins phelps tied the record for most medals by an athlete at a single olympics, matching the achievement of soviet gymnast aleksandr dityatin in the boycotted 1980 moscow games.
3			price	technology	company	growth	finance	research	money			datawest shares soar on bid by open solutions shares of datawest solutions inc. quote, profile, research rose on thursday after the canadian maker of software for banks said it would be bought by rival open solutions inc.
4			industry	electronics	computer	manufacturing	technology	profit	patent	rs	competition	reliability			jabil posts profit on stronger demand contract electronics manufacturer jabil circuit inc. on tuesday posted a quarterly profit that more than doubled on stronger demand for computers, cellphones and other electronic products.
2			baseball	california	sport	cal	football			unhappy holiday for cal the cal bears may have been a victim of their good sportsmanship. that 's the way it goes in big time college football. no one knows for certain why cal sank from fourth to fifth in the mysterious mix of computer
4			business	network	broadband	technology	communication	telecommunication	networking	industry			boingo, vonage team up boingo wireless and vonage holdings corp., the leading broadband telephony provider in north america, today announced a relationship that teams two industry innovators in an effort
4			business	network	acquisition	technology	solution	company	cisco	switch	security			cisco buys into managed services cisco systems stepped up its commitment to helping partners deliver services with last week 's acquisition of publicly traded managed service provider netsolve in a deal valued at nearly $ 200 million.
1			election	politics	beijing	taiwan	democracy	china	voting	referendum			china rules out hong kong democracy vote china has rejected calls from hong kong 's pro democracy lawmakers for a public referendum on whether local residents should be allowed full, direct democracy from 2007.
3			business	ceo	sale	management	executive	marketing	bankruptcy	productivity	employment	leadership			mci president of enterprise sales resigns the top sales executive running one of mci inc.'s largest divisions resigned yesterday as the company struggles with rapidly eroding sales.
4			ibm	computer	manufacturing	intel	technology	hp	patent	silicon	linux			hp to make $ 3 billion itanium commitment hewlett packard may have transferred its last remaining itanium processor engineers to intel, but the server maker is standing by the technology to the tune of $ 3 billion.
4			mobile	developer	application	network	mobility	technology	patent			america online courts mobile developers hoping to accelerate aol instant messaging im on mobile devices, america online has launched the mobile developer program. oz, lg electronics, motorola, samsung telecommunications america and siemens have signed on as charter members.
3			privatization	business	reorganization	litigation	restructuring	bankruptcy	money	consolidation	merger			wr grace asks to delay reorganization wr grace co. inc. said friday it has asked for a delay in filing a reorganization plan in its bankruptcy case so it can continue to negotiate with creditors.
4			electronics	manufacturing	chip	intel	technology	japan	semiconductor	silicon	industry			august chip sales growth slows on high inventory global semiconductor sales growth slowed to 1 percent in august as electronics makers reacted to growing inventories in asia by limiting orders of chips, an industry trade group said on thursday.
4			hacking	privacy	biotechnology	technology	tech	copyright	blog	patent	ethics			tech groups want induce hearings over 40 technology companies and organizations send a letter to the senate judiciary committee asking it to hold public hearings on the controversial induce act before moving forward. by katie dean.
3			business	ceo	investing	shareholder	company	growth	finance	corporation	money			before the bell: altria rises 1.5 percent shares of altria group inc. rose 1.5 percent before the bell on thursday.
4			news	network	privacy	telecom	broadband	technology	wireless	communication	telecommunication	spectrum			verizon catches the nextwave arguably the longest running soap opera drama in the wireless industry has announced its final episode: verizon wireless nyse: vz news announced plans to acquire assets of a reorganized nextwave telecom pink sheets: news , owner of 23 valuable pcs spectrum licenses around the country.
2			america	baseball	basketball	athletics	sport	soccer	football	brazil	tennis			iu claims soccer title indiana defends its ncaa men's soccer title by edging uc santa barbara in penalty kicks on sunday.
4			electronics	itunes	ipod	music	technology	innovation	apple			mike wendland: pricey ipod upgrade worth every dime apple 's latest addition to its hugely popular ipod line, the ipod photo, has moved the bar even further as the digital lifestyle continues to converge.
4			mobile	wired	network	technology	broadband	wireless	telecommunication	networking	phone			will your phone become your credit card? com october 12, 2004, 12:23 pm pt. wired wireless continues its reign at the top spot among it priorities due to widespread ip telephony and wireless deployment.
2			rating	baseball	statistics	basketball	sport	kicking	football	scoring	tv	stats			ratings game mike nugent below : ohio state place kicker makes five field goals as buckeyes three yards and a cloud of dust offense bores em and beats em.
1			politics	election	history	violence	democracy	war	terrorist	russia	terrorism	rebel			chechnya's new leader knows he's a rebel target chechnya's pro kremlin leader was sworn in as president of the turbulent russian region tuesday and acknowledged immediately he was a prime target for assassination by separatists.
2			coaching	baseball	statistics	basketball	sport	football	quarterback	stats			bc high gets back on track for three sloppy quarters, retirement couldn't come soon enough for bc high football coach jim cotter. but the final 11 minutes of the game showed why it will be tough for the 41 year veteran to walk away after this season. the eagles scored twice in the last quarter, including a 3 yard touchdown run by mike duffy with 1:34 ...
4			revenue	data	sale	technology	hp	patent	industry			ati gains on nvidia, revenue leaps 50 ati technologies inc. saw revenue for its fiscal fourth quarter jump 50 as the canadian computer graphics chip maker inched closer to eclipsing chief rival nvidia corp.
4			science	electronics	computer	software	biotechnology	technology	evolution	energy	silicon			no news is open source solaris news steven vaughan nichols suggests maybe it 's time for sun microsystems to stop making announcements and focus on actually making technology.
4			mobile	wireless	technology	smartphone	nokia	phone			verizon starts selling world phone to consumers verizon wireless said on wednesday its stores have begun selling a phone from samsung electronics that was designed to work on mobile networks around the world.
2			game	doping	olympic	olympics	athletics	sport	athlete	event			testing positive olympics: despite doubts and fears that the facilities would not be ready in time and drugs scandals before the games had even started, we have witnessed a memorable olympics for all the right reasons.
2			baseball	yankee	angel	twin	sport	football			double clutch forget the yankees, angels, a 's, twins, and anyone else you might think stands in the way. last night was all about the red sox regaining their footing, finding
4			hacking	hardware	software	privacy	technology	vulnerability	networking	security	linux			aruba targets wired network security com november 15, 2004, 5:16 pm pt. security continues to hold steady over software as the third top it priority, with organizations busy coping with cyber threats, keeping up with software
4			windows	computer	pc	device	microsoft	technology	time	pcs	linux			media center pcs may have found their time maybe the third time will be the charm for microsoft 's windows xp media center edition. previous versions, released in 2002 and 2003, appealed to the early adopters among us.
4			product	application	business	technology	marketing	system	strategy	industry			siebel unveils smb go to market strategy after a year of pilots and trials, siebel systems jumped with both feet into the smb market tuesday, announcing a new approach to offer siebel professional crm applications to smbs small and midsize businesses companies with revenues up to about $ 500 million.
4			beauty	animation	art	technology	robot	design			second career for old robot: art a german art group reprograms old assembly line robots to become autonomous artists. the machines draw, spin tunes and dance in public. the group wants to show that the industrial beasts can create beauty. by david cohn.
1			politics	election	blogger	blog	journalism			longing for a blogging candidate although blogs like daily kos have demonstrated some possibilities of the medium, political candidates haven't bought into them, and probably won't anytime soon. by daniel terdiman.
3			business	abbey	investor	management	bank	finance	bankruptcy	money	banking	event			abbey investors maul chairman but the santander deal is passed shareholders in abbey yesterday tore into the bank over its coming takeover by spanish bank santander, attempting to scupper the 8.
4			network	privacy	technology	broadband	internet	wireless	telecommunication	networking			aruba brings wi fi down from the ceiling aruba wireless networks inc. yesterday unveiled a change of direction in its wi fi systems. instead of installing a limited number of wireless access points ap in the ceiling
2			injury	doping	athletics	race	sport	athlete	health	cancer			medical examiner finds no injuries on thanou source a medical examiner has found that greek sprinter katerina thanou, who was in hospital with fellow athlete costas kenteris, had no injuries, a judicial source said on tuesday.
4			chip	ethernet	intel	wireless	technology	networking	silicon	linux			intel is testing long range wireless chip intel, the world 's largest chip maker, said on tuesday that it had started providing customers with test versions of chips for equipment that will allow long range wireless high speed internet surfing.
1			politics	election	congress	privacy	technology	tech	strategy	washington	lobbying			rnc stock options top tech lobbying list at convention while the prime time speeches at madison square garden occupy center stage at this week's republican national convention, much of the event's real politicking is taking place at hundreds of private receptions scattered throughout manhattan. at two tech focused gatherings wednesday, industry companies, lobbying groups and politicians came together to network and consider the it industry's legislative agenda.
1			election	politics	computer	democracy	voting	ohio	voter	fraud	georgia			ohio machine error gives bush extra votes an error with an electronic voting system gave president bush 3,893 extra votes in suburban columbus, elections officials said.
1			election	politics	war	democracy	violence	iraq			election doubt as un staff ask to pull out fresh doubts were raised over the feasibility of holding elections in iraq yesterday with reports that the already minuscule united nations team there wants to pull out because of the dangerous security situation.
3			statistics	business	india	technology	company	patent	industry			infosys profit growth best in three years infosys technologies ltd., india's second largest software services company, posted its biggest quarterly profit jump in three years on increased outsourcing by telecoms and financial companies.
4			industry	computer	computing	india	technology	machine	ibm	space	physics			ibm 's new supercomputer breaks the world 's fastest computer 's ... technology india: london, nov 8 : a new supercomputer being constructed by ibm has broken all supercomputing records after demonstrating double the power of the long reigning supercomputing champion, nec 's earth simulator, based at yokohama, japan.
4			statistics	game	revenue	gaming	technology	strategy	industry			mobile game market to boom, study says the us mobile game industry will leap to annual revenue of $ 1.8 billion by 2009, according to a new study from market research company in stat mdr.
4			processor	computer	chip	hardware	intel	technology	power	performance	speed	linux			pentium 4 reaches the speed limit as expected, intel has introduced a 3.8ghz pentium 4 processor in what could represent the end of an era for the chip maker. the pentium 4 570 processor at 3.8ghz will have the fastest clock speed of any processor
4			electronics	computer	chip	intel	technology	semiconductor	silicon	computing	linux			intel cancels tv chip project in another change of plans, semiconductor giant intel corp. canceled a project thursday to develop a chip for projection tvs and said it planned to focus its resources in other areas.
4			electronics	radio	device	specification	hardware	standard	technology	networking	patent			uwb group completes key radio spec the multiband ofdm alliance mboa has finished its ultrawideband uwb radio physical layer phy specification. what this array of abbreviations means is that uwb chip makers can now finalise their designs
2			nintendo	game	gaming	sport	music	dance	vs			mad catz to publish mc groovz dance craze dance game san diego business wire nov. 2, 2004 game to be bundled with nintendo licensed beat pad tm for the nintendo gamecube tm .
4			privacy	technology	ip	litigation	copyright	patent	industry			asml, nikon agree draft settlement of patent infringement dispute asml holding nv and nikon corp said they reached a tentative agreement on settlement terms for nikon 's case of alleged patent infringement against asml.
2			coaching	vince	baseball	miami	espn	sport	football	dolphin			saban meets with dolphins lsu head football coach nick saban met with officials of the miami dolphins tuesday evening about the team 's coaching position, university officials announced wednesday.
3			craig	business			a day in the life of . . craig newmark you don 't have to be a computer geek to know who craig newmark is, though familiarity with the internet helps. his is a household name in the virtual, if not the real, world because of the web site he launched
4			technology	communication	spectrum	telecommunication	patent	industry			business briefs tellabs, which makes equipment for telephone networks, reduced its takeover offer for advanced fibre communications to about $ 1.5 billion, citing a decline in advanced fibre 's profit and outlook.
4			electronics	battery	computer	privacy	stupid	technology	money	phone			edward c. baig: personal tech trade in your dumb phone for a smart one: treo 650 i've apparently been carrying around pretty dumb cell phones over the years and i bet many of you have as well. that's what the telecom geniuses would have us believe, anyway. these phones don't organize our lives, don't play music, don't take pictures or videos and don't handle e mail.
2			coaching	baseball	basketball	sport	recruiting	football	quarterback			paul domowitch birds suddenly careless with ball eagles offensive coordinator brad childress continually preaches the importance of having respect for the football, and his players have done an impressive job of practicing what childress preaches.
4			electronics	computer	privacy	technology	tech	security	sony			rest in peace vhs in a move that marks the beginning of the end for a hugely successful chapter in technology history, britain 's biggest high street electronics retailer dixons has announced that it 's taking vcrs off its shelves for good.
4			computer	device	india	mobility	privacy	technology	usb	pcs			amd 's low cost web device targets developing world chipmaker amd has developed a low cost web access appliance called the personal information communicator pic that it plans to sell in developing countries.
4			electronics	technology	child	kid	toy			the stealth toy giant what 's the world 's largest toy distributor? nope, it 's not toys r us nyse: toy . toys r us, while indeed a large toy vendor, is actually exiting the toy business to a large degree, opting to
1			politics	election	history	intelligence	violence	democracy	conspiracy	fact	terrorism	torture			judge rules bush statements pose no threat of jury taint a military judge ruled yesterday that statements by president bush and military leaders about alleged abu ghraib abuses do not appear specific enough to taint the jury pool for next month's trial of a reputed ringleader in the case.
4			windows	application	software	technology	microsoft	hp	pcs	security	linux			sun dangles discounts for microsoft techs microsoft technology specialists can get up to 35 percent off windows certified opteron servers and workstations.
2			baseball	nascar	sport	race	car	football	texas	speed	racing			talladega: waiting for the big one the belly butterflies will be in full flight this afternoon when the 43 car field takes the green flag at talladega ala. superspeedway.
4			ibm	computer	business	data	technology	apple	patent	email	industry			report: ibm selling personal computer unit international business machines corp. has reportedly put its personal computer business up for sale in a deal that could fetch as much as $ 2 billion and close an era for an industry pioneer which long ago shifted its focus to more lucrative segments of the computer business.
4			wikipedia	computer	programming	music	technology	software	copyright	content	patent	linux			software should not be copyrighted lawsuit computer software should not be protected by copyright laws designed for music, literature and other creative works, according to a lawsuit filed in a u.s. court in san francisco.
1			election	politics	democracy	terrorism	afghanistan	change	canada	leadership			change at hand the ndp 's second annual conference will end today with gamal mubarak 's policies committee having consolidated its leadership of the ruling party.
3			job	worker	employee	manufacturing	company	security	industry			unisys to ax 1,400 workers unisys corp. said wednesday night that it plans to lay off about 1,400 employees, mostly in general and administrative areas. the computer hardware, software and services company didn 't say how many of the
4			hardware	intel	technology	evolution	performance	innovation	hp	silicon	speed	linux			barrett: intel releases extreme chip to mixed reviews news people released its pentium 4 extreme edition processor on monday. the hotly awaited and just as hotly touted new chip is geared for a balanced approach to home pcs: by tightening
4			electronics	computer	linux	privacy	technology	apple	macintosh	computing	windows			apple takes minimalism step further in chic imac apple took its trademark minimalism a step further on tuesday as it launched the latest computer in the imac family that helped restore the companys fortunes: a sleek flat panel monitor with processor and drives built in.
3			trade	investment	investing	economics	finance	pricing	competition	money	industry			m a industry weighs fees against size investment banks are in the midst of the annual fight for bragging rights as the biggest dealmakers of the year, but this time the rankings a key factor in winning new business are under intense scrutiny.
1			election	politics	australia	government	war	democracy	immigration	power	money			australia goes to the polls australia 's 13 million voters have begun choosing a new government with the opposition labor party pinning any hope of victory on a late surge of undecideds swinging their way.
4			electronics	computer	hardware	technology	evolution	power	performance	intel	linux			intel unveils extreme system for power users intel is targeting extreme gamers and power pc users with its latest high performance platform based on the pentium 4 processor extreme edition and a faster system bus enabled by the 925xe express chipset.
4			mobility	technology	tech	speed	transportation	cost	logistics	security			tsa reconsiders technology contract the transportation security administration yesterday said it would resume plans to seek bids for a large technology maintenance contract, ending consideration of a proposal to give the
4			privacy	technology	economics	copyright	innovation	patent	industry			future of eu patent legislation in doubt the future of controversial european union legislation that would allow for some software patents was in doubt thursday after the polish government switched sides, saying the directive could hurt small and medium sized businesses.
3			business	investor	creditor	shareholder	sec	finance	fraud	bankruptcy	money			sec investigating worldcom creditors committee the securities and exchange commission is investigating worldcom inc.'s official creditors committee, requesting reams of documents related to members' dealings as well as information they reviewed about worldcom's health and prospects.
4			application	software	technology	standard	patent	windows			standards group scuttles microsoft e mail proposal com september 13, 2004, 1:48 pm pt. this fourth priority 's main focus has been improving or obtaining crm and erp software for the past year and a half.
3			manufacturing	trend	price	sale	marketing	company	market	stock	fashion	industry			stocks up a bit, factory orders revised u.s. stocks rose a bit on thursday after a revision in factory orders in june suggested orders are improving and some apparel makers raised profit forecasts or reported better than expected sales in august.
1			politics	election	violence	democracy	chaos	anarchy	corruption	russia	ukraine	terrorism			chaos reigns in ukraine presidential race the apparent front runner was out of action for weeks with a mysterious illness. his close rival was hospitalized after an attack and was then warned he could be assassinated. with ukraine's presidential election three weeks away, democracy seems to have gone badly awry as chaos and suspicion overshadow campaign issues in this strategically important country that sways between the west and russia.
4			ibm	application	collaboration	technology	microsoft	content	patent	industry			ibm acquires content managment developer venetica ibm has reached an agreement to purchase venetica, a privately held developer of content integration software. the acquisition will enable ibm to provide improved ability to integrate unstructured
4			computer	technology	power	performance	system	hp	ibm	computing	linux			ibm transitions to power5 ibm next month will finish transitioning its core pseries and iseries server lines to the power5 chip when it starts shipping three new high end systems, two of which support as many as 64 processors.
1			election	america	politics	history	race	washington	republican	convention	money			gop convention a stage for george pataki when george pataki welcomes thousands of republican stalwarts to their national convention in new york city, more than a few will be sizing up the three term new york governor as a national party leader.
2			coaching	baseball	atlanta	basketball	sport	football	playoff	nba	stats	win			clippers climb in west elton brand scores 25 points to lift the clippers over the warriors, 103 91, and can finish november with a winning record for just the second time in 30 years.
3			robert	business	ceo	mr	bankruptcy	competition	money			ny firm wants all of mondavi new york beverage conglomerate constellation brands said tuesday that it has offered $ 1.3 billion $ 970 million in cash and $ 333 million in assumed debt to acquire robert mondavi corp.
4			computer	linux	hardware	unix	software	technology	microsoft	windows			q a: microsoft's linux strategist martin taylor, part 2 after a year as microsoft corp.'s chief linux strategist, martin taylor has a lot to say about where he sees linux going and how microsoft plans to compete with the open source operating system.
1			politics	america	violence	democracy	war	terrorist	poverty	terrorism	money			watching bush and putin the 59th session of the un general assembly got underway in new york yesterday amid growing anxieties over grinding poverty faced by billions of souls and the fuel it provides for terrorism
3			news	business	trend	sale	marketing	pricing	finance	fashion	retail			plot advanced in kmart real estate story news research continued to make progress realizing value for its real estate portfolio monday, completing an agreement to sell 18 stores to home depot hd:nyse news research for $ 271 million.
4			connectivity	ethernet	technology	broadband	internet	wireless	telecommunication	networking	intel			speakeasy gets money from intel for wimax seattle internet service provider speakeasy has received an investment from intel to test a new technology that could provide wireless internet coverage to entire cities or counties.
3			statistics	ceo	investing	economics	company	finance	competition	money	industry			blue chips end lower, earnings disappoint u.s. blue chips ended slightly lower on wednesday after honeywell international inc. and j.p. morgan chase co. disappointed investors with quarterly reports, and high oil prices rekindled worries about the impact on corporate profit margins.
4			electronics	electricity	chemistry	material	technology	physics	magnet	temperature			world 's first plastic magnet created london: scientists at the university of durham in uk have created the world 's first plastic magnet to work at room temperature.
4			computer	europe	germany	technology	time	money	industry			europe lags behind rest of world on it spend it spending in western europe is lagging behind the rest of the world, according to figures unveiled at gartner 's annual symposium it expo in cannes this week.
4			computer	technology	japan	copyright	patent	memory	silicon	security	linux			toshiba sues hynix on memory patents japan's toshiba corp. filed patent infringement lawsuits in japanese and u.s. courts on monday against south korea's hynix semiconductor inc., it said tuesday.
2			coaching	baseball	athletics	sport	recruiting	dartmouth	football	coach			dartmouth fires head football coach lyons dartmouth university fired head football coach john lyons on tuesday. the big green finished just 1 9 this season, marking the worst record in school history.
4			computer	game	gaming	privacy	technology	money	phone			headset maker plantronics surfs on games wave blockbuster video games and cheap internet phone calls are boosting demand for plantronics' headsets, the chief executive of the world's leading maker of phone headsets said on wednesday.
4			battery	computer	device	usb	technology	storage	computing	linux			hitachi drives consumer storage new 1.8 inch hard drives may boost battery life in portable devices.
1			politics	america	election	democracy	washington	terrorism	freedom			bush envoy defends u.n. against schwarzenegger president bush's ambassador to the united nations defended the world body on wednesday, after california gov. arnold schwarzenegger said the united states, not the u.n., was best for democracy.
2			baseball	trade	espn	basketball	sport	football	finance	nba	money			cavs owner in 'serious negotiations to sell team cavaliers owner gordon gund is in serious negotiations to sell the nba franchise, which has enjoyed a dramatic financial turnaround since the arrival of star lebron james.
2			coaching	baseball	statistics	espn	basketball	sport	football	seattle	washington	quarterback			nfl game summary tampa bay at washington clinton portis ran 64 yards for a touchdown the first time he touched the ball and finished with 149 yards rushing on 29 carries to lead the washington redskins to a 16 10 victory over the tampa bay buccaneers at fedex field
2			coaching	statistics	scouting	athletics	sport	recruiting	football	tech	coach			notre dame eyes clements, weis two nfl offensive coordinators, the buffalo bills tom clements and the new england patriots charlie weis, have become focal points of notre dame 's head coaching search.
4			news	electronics	television	network	privacy	technology	telecommunication	tv	media			for cell phones, it's tv to the rescue cell phone executives say new data oriented services such as tv will help bolster an industry in a precarious state.
3			business	revenue	trend	company	option	stock	growth	profit	money			update 3 williams sonoma quarterly profit up; stock jumps williams sonoma inc. wsm.n: quote, profile, research on wednesday posted a better than expected 55 percent increase in quarterly profit, sending its stock up 10
4			electronics	computer	hacking	privacy	technology	internet	networking	computing			semiconductors offer a new way to cut the cord hat a liberating feeling it is to cut the cord and go wireless, taking a suddenly untethered laptop, for example, and heading for the couch or porch swing to work on the internet.
2			coaching	baseball	espn	sport	golf	recruiting	football	coach	quarterback			baer set to lead notre dame interim notre dame football coach kent baer completed his team 's third postseason practice friday morning, and is only beginning to prepare for the insight bowl.
4			computer	device	mobility	networking	wireless	technology	multimedia	windows			iogear 's wireless mini mouse uses bluetooth iogear launched its rechargeable bluetooth mini mouse. offering greater flexibility and functionality, the bluetooth technology allows for use up to 66 feet away from the computer, making it a practical tool for presentations.
3			management	investing	economics	marketing	growth	finance	money			the best way to grow operating cash flow is the best growth path there is, and kenneth cole is on it.
1			election	news	america	politics	television	democracy	voting	polling	media			interactive web sites provide new approach to election coverage new york while most newspapers are utilizing their web sites to supplement coverage of the presidential race, the los angeles times and the new york times have taken the frenzy over electoral votes and undecided states to the next level with some unusual interactive options.
2			news	baseball	hockey	espn	soccer	athletics	sport	basketball	football			nesn hopes new show is a highlight nesn takes a natural programming step monday when it launches a nightly version of sports desk, the 15 minute news and highlight show that's been airing from 5 9 a.m. since march 1991.
4			software	publishing	technology	licensing	copyright	piracy	advertising	subscription	content			software industry moves to subscription licensing software licensing is entering a period of dramatic and fundamental change as publishers aggressively move to subscription models, newly unveiled research has claimed.
4			windows	china	hardware	software	technology	microsoft	linux			microsoft targets 2006 for next windows the next version of the windows operating system, microsoft corp.'s flagship product, will ship in 2006, the world's largest software maker said on friday.
4			e	c	technology	tech	ft	industry			cyclical pressures likely to weigh heavily on tech in 2005 and ... technology stocks have underperformed the rest of the market this year, and professional investors have reduced their commitment to the industry as a growing number of analysts question the outlook for the sector.
1			election	america	politics	democracy	voting	poll	candidate	voter			still undecided? web site aids voters to make choice on presidential election for those u.s. residents still unsure which presidential candidate to vote for and there appear to be quite a few who can't make up their minds less than a week before the election there's a new web based tool that can help voters match their positions to those of the major presidential candidates.
2			baseball	basketball	sport	marketing	football	fashion	color	uniform			weber 's orange sport coat tailor made for huge game the throwback uniforms illinois planned to unveil wednesday against wake forest were sent back to the tailor. it appears the flyin illini replicas were too big and baggy in the shorts.
2			coaching	baseball	espn	volleyball	basketball	sport	football	coach	duke			duke's krzyzewski earns 700th career win on a court that bears his moniker, mike krzyzewski became the sixth active coach to reach 700 career victories, watching as shelden williams finished with 18 points and 15 rebounds to help no. 9 duke beat toledo 82 54 on sunday night.
4			computer	graphic	linux	software	unix	technology	silicon	computing	windows			sgi launches linux workstation high performance computing specialist sgi silicon graphics has launched a line of linux based visualization machines, providing the company's cutting edge graphics capabilities on an open platform for the first time.
4			network	connectivity	ethernet	wireless	internet	communication	networking	link			linksys, vonage connect on voip vonage teams with wi fi equipment maker linksys on voice over internet protocol.
3			success	investor	investing	growth	finance	profit	risk	competition	money			chambers: modestly pleased as cisco profit rises 29 news people posted first quarter results tuesday, and investors are likely jumping like the firm 's financials: profit rose 29, as the network equipper cited strong activity in both its traditional arenas as well as in
2			politics	england	soccer	sport	football	chelsea	liverpool			acrimony, recriminations follow manchester united victory over ... that 's when arsenal and manchester united are set to meet again in the premier league. the bitter rivalry between the two giants of english soccer grew even nastier after sunday 's 2 0 united victory at old
3			rating	business	network	revenue	trend	sale	technology	growth	competition			sales, subscribers rise for cingular wireless atlanta based cingular wireless, on the cusp of closing its acquisition of at wireless, reported third quarter results yesterday that showed higher sales and a slight decrease in operating income.
1			election	america	politics	democracy	greed	strategy	money			hard calls whoever wins the white house no one has any idea what will happen to stock markets this week because no one knows who will win the us election and, even if they did, they don 't know what a victory for either candidate would mean.
2			doping	serbia	soccer	basketball	sport	volleyball	football	cancer			sick serbians bow out in volleyball reigning champions serbia and montenegro, hit by a virus, were eliminated from the men's olympic volleyball tournament wednesday in an outstanding match with russia.
1			election	politics	democracy	kabul	iran	strategy	terrorism	opposition	afghanistan			karzai victory almost sealed, opposition awaits inquiry kabul : with more than half the ballots in afghanistan 's presidential election counted and outright victory virtually assured for incumbent hamid karzai, attention has turned to when the winner can be declared and how opposition candidates will react.
1			politics	america	democracy	power	washington	woman			once immutable and now vulnerable like the cherry blossoms in the spring and loyalty to the redskins, the power and influence of fannie mae are among those aspects of washington that never seem to change until now.
2			baseball	television	nbc	network	espn	sport	abc	tv	media			network must take shape the promise of a regional sports network that would televise expos and orioles games and funnel revenue to peter angelos enabled washington to get the expos.
1			election	politics	unity	violence	democracy	unification	corruption	resignation	leadership			mugabe calls for party unity amid suspensions president robert mugabe called for unity in his ruling zanu pf party yesterday despite suspending six senior party officials over who will succeed the 80 year old leader.
3			income	revenue	ceo	microsoft	stock	profit	corporation	accounting			microsoft profit, revenue rise microsoft corp. on thursday said its quarterly profit climbed as revenue rose 12 percent, but its shares fell as investors failed to account for the effect of the expensing of stock based compensation in assessing the earnings.
4			electronics	device	network	connectivity	ethernet	standard	wireless	spectrum			tri mode wi fi module from intel its short for wireless fidelity, and it is used to describe products that follow the 802.11 set of standards developed by the institute of electrical and electronic engineers ieee .
4			electronics	battery	computer	electricity	device	technology	car	robot			gadgets galore at japan show photo gallery ceatac exhibition features electronic gear from a 65 inch tv to a fuel cell powered mobile phone.
2			baseball	olympic	retirement	olympics	sport			selig: mlb stars unlikely to play in olympics don 't count on seeing any major league stars in the olympics while bud selig is baseball commissioner. selig, who last week received a three year extension through 2009, said monday that
4			statistics	technology	economics	tech	energy	innovation	research	industry			cio poll shows optimism over increased tech spending us technology spending is projected to rise 7 percent next year and continue at about the same rate through 2008, according to results of a survey released monday that also showed improved optimism on outlays in the sector.
3			revenue	trend	sale	marketing	growth	profit	money	industry			best buy 's 3q earnings climb 21 percent best buy company inc., the nation 's largest electronics retailer, said on wednesday that third quarter earnings rose 21 percent, but gave hints that profits during the holiday selling season may not be quite what analysts were hoping for.
4			computer	hacking	business	software	privacy	technology	strategy	security	linux			computer associates to acquire netegrity computer associates international inc. will acquire netegrity inc. in a 430 million cash deal that will merge the computer security software makers, the companies said wednesday.
4			science	electronics	battery	electricity	technology	energy	chemistry	education	physics			california boy wins national science competition a 17 year old california boy won a premier high school science competition monday for inventing a device that converts ocean wave energy into electricity.
4			windows	linux	hardware	technology	microsoft	pricing	pcs	computing	server			licensing plan makes microsoft a utility player opinion: a decision to continue charging for server software based on cpus and not cores will make microsoft server software a much more attractive alternative to utility computing providers.
4			computer	hacking	technology	copyright	fraud	terrorism	money	security			fbi seizes counterfeit software eleven charged in 'digital marauder' case that could hit 87 million.
2			overtime	baseball	hockey	espn	basketball	sport	football	playoff	competition			this weekend on tv, radio preseason nit third place game: michigan vs. providence at new york, espn2 7 p.m. preseason nit championship game: arizona vs. wake forest at new york, espn2 7:30 p.m. clemson at bc, nesn, weei 850 9 p.m. maryland vs. memphis at springfield, espn2 midnight great alaska shootout semifinal at anchorage, espn2 pro ...
4			business	networking	technology	microsoft	solution	hp	email			q a: sun's marissa peterson on the company's it services plans marissa peterson, who heads sun microsystems' services division, talked this week about the company's efforts to help its managed services partners broaden their reach.
4			business	microsoft	technology	communication	networking	email	windows			microsoft eyes video for business im software giant teams with polycom to boost sales of live communications server.
3			bankruptcy	takeover	business	acquisition			cingular set to complete takeover with one federal approval received yesterday and another coming as soon as today, cingular wireless is finally poised to complete its $ 41 billion takeover of at t wireless services inc.
4			cluster	computer	computing	unix	technology	logistics	security	linux			dod chooses linux clusters linux networx has announced that two department of defense centers will be using linux cluster supercomputers from the company to conduct battlefield simulations. the clusters are part of an initiative to modernize the dod 's ...
1			election	america	politics	immigration	iraq	strategy	washington	money			final face off is 20 days before voters head to polls president bush and democratic challenger john kerry squared off in arizona wednesday for their third and final debate before the election, book ending their remarks on domestic issues with pledges to keep the nation safer.
3			buying	trend	sale	company	purchasing	stock	profit	competition	industry			best buy posts quarterly profit increase top u.s. electronics chain best buy co. inc. on wednesday reported higher quarterly profit due to expense control and higher gross margins, offsetting sluggish sales growth.
2			boxing	history	baseball	sport	race	golf	football	charlie			sifford celebrates historic entry into hall of fame with an emotion charged speech that had people in the audience alternately laughing and wiping tears from their eyes, charlie sifford made his long overdue entrance into the world golf hall of fame on monday night.
3			revenue	technology	performance	profit	bankruptcy	money	reliability			sgi warns: lower revenue, deeper loss the high end computer maker says revenue for the first quarter of fiscal 2005 will be lower than previously projected.
3			trading	share	business	trend	investing	shareholder	company	stock	finance			stocks to watch among the companies whose shares are likely to see active trading in tuesday 's session are pepsi bottling group and emmis communications, as the companies are scheduled to report their quarterly financial results.
3			politics	australia	business	management	bankruptcy	money			telstra chief to leave before contract ends singapore even after he jettisoned a disastrous expansion strategy and offered them 4.5 billion australian dollars with a promise to stick to his knitting, it turns out that shareholders never really forgave zygmunt switkowski.
3			business	manufacturing	technology	tech	ibm	hr	education			florida it managers balance tech needs, workforce issues in storms miami dade county 's it operations center serves the largest metropolitan area in the state of florida and is staffed around the clock.
4			network	ethernet	technology	broadband	internet	cisco	telecommunication	networking			cisco, fujitsu ally on router sales in asia the asian market accounted for 9.4 percent of cisco 's sales in the quarter ended october 30, down from 10 percent last year. the spread of high speed broadband internet
2			politics	game	culture	olympic	olympics	athletics	sport	athlete	competition			unobstructed views: olympic sized fools for all their troubles, the olympic games remain the greatest unifying force in the world. every four years, they draw a diverse international audience, bridging cultural gaps, transcending ethnic divisions, and uniting us all in a single, harmonious ...
2			history	olympics	sport	race	swimming	competition			us men hot foot it in heats on target and on fire, the us men 's 100 meter sprinters scorched the olympic stadium 's fast track through two rounds yesterday to advance to today 's
4			job	unemployment	technology	migration	information	innovation	employment	industry			study: it job market is still stagnant times remain tough for it workers looking for jobs across the u.s., according to a new employment study of the it marketplace.
4			flash	application	device	mobility	technology	siemens	patent			siemens to integrate flarion 's flash ofdm siemens communications has agreed to integrate flarion technologies flash ofdm technology into its portfolio of mobile broadband solutions.
1			election	politics	putin	democracy	corruption	russia	candidate	ukraine	politician			putin 's outdated illusions are dangerous before the tragedy of beslan, vladimir putin lived in a vibrant young democracy. voters gave a kremlin backed party an overwhelming mandate in parliamentary elections in december, and
1			election	america	politics	democracy	afghanistan	freedom			afghanistan takes first difficult steps toward democracy the election for president in afghanistan may have brought us one small step closer to worldwide democracy. at least the people there left no doubt that they wanted to vote.
3			business	sale	unemployment	economics	marketing	growth	bankruptcy	competition	money	education			office depot misses school hurricanes, weak back to school sales, and weak european business bring an earnings warning.
1			election	politics	putin	democracy	corruption	russia	ukraine	terrorism	opposition			ukraine opposition flexes muscles after victory opposition leader viktor yushchenko, fresh from securing a re run of ukraine's disputed election, tore up a deal on saturday to reduce the president's powers and told his supporters to keep up pressure on the streets.
3			income	statistics	revenue	company	growth	finance	profit	money	earnings			virgin mobile sees earnings improvement richard branson 's mobile phone group, which was listed in july, said first half margins would be well ahead of last year and it expected capital expenditure, as a percentage of revenue, to be below 4pc in the first half and at a similar level for the full
2			medal	game	athletics	sport	fencing	swimming	paralympics	paralympic	event			hong kong emerge as dominant force in fencing a third gold medal for chui yee yu rounded off a rewarding day for hong kong at the paralympics as they emerged as the dominant force in wheelchair fencing.
2			game	marathon	olympic	olympics	athletics	sport	london	money	event			olympics will make 100m profit more than 100million profit is expected to be made from staging the 2012 olympic games in london, it has been claimed. the estimate forms part of the london 2012 bid book handed into the international olympic committee on monday.
3			statistics	business	ceo	revenue	microsoft	company	finance	accounting	money			microsoft revenue hits $ 9.1b in q1 microsoft today reported first quarter 2005 revenue of $ 9.19 billion and net income of $ 2.9 billion, figures that exceeded the company's guidance from july.
2			usa	america	baseball	volleyball	basketball	sport	football			us dominance an impossible dream it has come to this: good thing we're in the easy bracket. the united states men's basketball team is in pool b, along with greece, australia, lithuania, angola, and, of course, puerto rico, the feisty little brother who enjoyed a pretty big laugh at the expense of uncle sam's boys sunday night. most of the serious teams are ...
3			business	greed	trust	finance	strategy	bankruptcy	competition	money			a lazard feud over an offering spills into view the bitter battle within lazard over a proposed initial public offering reached a turning point yesterday as the firm 's chairman gave his consent with one colossal
4			laptop	computer	dell	technology	apple	hp	pcs	computing	linux			laptops drive dell profits boost computer giant dell sees profits rise 25 despite slowing momentum in the pc market, as laptop sales soar.
4			electronics	chip	intel	technology	hp	semiconductor	silicon	linux			intel cancels tv chip project san jose, calif. in another change of plans, semiconductor giant intel has canceled a project to develop a chip for projection t vs.
4			electronics	ibm	philip	china	privacy	technology	patent	security	industry			philips semi chief steps down philips' chip chief to return to u.s. in move that makes some analysts jumpy.
2			baseball	history	soccer	volleyball	sport	basketball	football	chess			a long wait is over for duxbury it's no 86 year championship drought, but after suffering three consecutive season ending losses to king philip in the division 2 south tournament, the duxbury girls' soccer team had started to feel cursed. last night the eighth seeded dragons 12 1 6 exacted revenge with a 1 0 first round tournament victory in duxbury. king philip entered as the no. 9 seed.
3			business	trend	china	economics	japan	industry			tankan sees first slide in 21 months; recovery past peak business confidence at japan 's large manufacturers in the october december quarter worsened for the first time in 21 months, and the outlook for next quarter is even dimmer, according to the
3			business	investing	debt	growth	finance	risk	money	banking			e trade profits rise, despite weakness e trade financial corp.'s third quarter profit rose 29 percent, despite a sharp drop in investor trading at its online brokerage and signs of weakness in its banking business. the company also raised its fourth quarter outlook a bit.
4			processor	electronics	computer	chip	technology	semiconductor	memory	silicon	intel			amd sneaks strained silicon into chips the design twist will let the company increase the performance of its processors.
4			computer	gaming	technology	marketing	kid	networking	linux			mac os x tip of the week: be a show off want to impress your windows using friends and colleagues? start a quicktime movie, play a dvd, click on the visualizer in itunes while it plays a song. then press f9 and watch what happens. dec 15
1			politics	election	family	royalty	race	royal	king	wealth	money	politician			scions of utah royalty vie for governor salt lake city the race for governor of utah is a contest between two men from families that might be the closest thing to royalty in this state.
4			satellite	electronics	technology	broadband	communication	telecommunication	money	space			pentagon weighs satellite needs the defense department's use of commercial communications satellites has soared with the wars in afghanistan and iraq. now, the pentagon is trying to decide whether it can save money by buying service directly from satellite carriers instead of through three washington area resellers.
2			computer	game	gaming	sport	boy	kid	entertainment	money	education			many underage boys have little trouble buying m rated games the minneapolis based national institute on media and the family has just released its annual video game report card in washington.
3			politics	business	ceo	investing	greed	strategy	finance	wealth	billionaire	money			billionaire soros gives sons bigger role in his empire george soros, the billionaire investor, is giving greater control of his business to his two sons, robert and jonathan, and at the same time scaling back his empire by spinning off several divisions.
1			election	politics	war	race	strategy	republican	money	security			kerry looks to avoid gore recount errors sen. john kerry, bracing for a potential fight over election results, will not hesitate to declare victory nov. 2 and defend it, advisers say. he also will be prepared to name a national security team before knowing whether he's secured the presidency.
4			grid	computing	gov	technology	internet	patent	research	education			w.va. to sponsor public computing grid researchers and businesses in west virginia will be able to access the first state sponsored public internet computing grid when the global grid exchange is launched next month.
3			business	entrepreneur	biotechnology	technology	marketing	company	innovation	corporation			in naming their ventures, many owners get personal in casting about for a name for their new companies or products, entrepreneurs often decide to use their own. and it can work look at the success of ben jerry 's and dell.
3			politics	business	greed	fraud	black	money			the week 's business: putting black behind bars or recovering money ... even in the context of current outrage against corporate malfeasance, the tone of a report released this week detailing financial self dealing by conrad black and his top lieutenant at hollinger international inc.
4			privacy	technology	advertising	pricing	money			yes, but can your voip service do this? vonage and at&t, still locked in a price war, are separately planning new features in a battle for voip customers.
2			baseball	history	basketball	sport	football	money			redhawks fumble chance for fast start toward title miami university head coach terry hoeppner hyped wednesday night 's game against marshall as a college football playoff. he had good reason, in five of the last six
2			baseball	basketball	soccer	sport	athletics	philadelphia	football	noel	education			framingham's noel gets first team honors framingham resident arly noel, a junior midfielder on the mount ida college of newton men's soccer team, was named to the all north atlantic conference first team after finishing among the nation's top 30 ncaa division 3 players with a team high 11 assists.
2			baseball	basketball	sport	football	scott	cancer			cards rolen just happy to be on field scott rolen has been nursing a strained right calf muscle for the last month. but compared to his condition when the st. louis cardinals were last in the national
3			investor	investment	investing	technology	company	growth	finance	risk	competition	money			a bad long term investment is the latest meteor to streak across the new issues market. the company 's planned initial public offering will generate intense interest, but bigger companies are lining up to enter
3			business	ceo	investing	wine	shareholder	marketing	finance	bankruptcy	competition	consolidation			update 8: shares of robert mondavi surge 30 percent shares of the robert mondavi corp. surged 30 percent tuesday, despite the company 's cool reception to an unsolicited $ 970 million bid from alcoholic beverages giant constellation brands inc.
4			electronics	computer	music	car	technology	apple			sony finally gets in tune with mp3s the electronics giant belatedly decides to support the popular digital music format on its hard drive players. watch out, apple. ah, remember the 80s.
4			america	electronics	radio	technology	drug	money			us to radio tag drug bottles millions of medicine bottles will be fitted with tiny radio antennas in the united states in a bid to combat counterfeiting, it emerged today.
4			network	connectivity	mobility	broadband	wireless	technology	networking	patent			bluetooth group releases three year road map the bluetooth special interest group sig monday is releasing a three year road map for bluetooth short range wireless technology that includes a tripling of bandwidth and the ability to multicast signals to seven other users.
4			mobile	network	mobility	technology	broadband	wireless	telecommunication	networking	carrier	sprint			sprint beats forecasts on strength of wireless bolstered by its fast growing wireless business, sprint reported solid third quarter results tuesday that beat wall street's expectations by 3 cents a share. sprint also took a 3.5 billion charge to write down network equipment that's been rendered obsolete.
4			electricity	network	technology	broadband	internet	telecommunication	link			british broadband usage jumps 150 per cent in a year the number of british dsl subscribers jumped by 154 per cent in the last year to 2.7 million according to the latest report by the dsl forum.
2			game	branding	gaming	sport	technology	football	marketing	money			us games outfit catches rebranding cold logowatch unpleasant, but not fatal
3			business	revenue	microsoft	company	oracle	performance	patent	accounting	industry			oracle shows sales and earnings growth oracle corp. reported revenue and earnings growth in its first fiscal quarter, with its revenue from new software licenses rising 7 percent, to $ 563 million.
2			coaching	baseball	espn	basketball	sport	football	purdue	quarterback			no words can explain outcome purdue receiver taylor stubblefield found inspiration in some comments he read from notre dame cornerback dwight ellick before saturday 's football game.
4			computer	printer	manufacturing	technology	manufacturer	patent	printing			lexmark recalls about 40,000 printers the consumer product safety commission on tuesday said lexmark international inc. voluntarily recalled 39,431 of its laser printers sold under the lexmark, ibm and dell brands because of a potential shock hazard.
4			manufacturing	price	biotechnology	technology	cost	pricing	money	industry			cytec buys surface specialities business from ucb new jersey based cytec industries is to buy ucb groups surface specialties business for $ 1.5bn e1.2bn . completion of the deal will turn cytec into a $ 2.
4			computer	computing	management	technology	storage	networking	ibm	security	linux			storagetek buys management company in its pursuit of one stop storage shop superstardom, storage technology corp. storagetek has bought storability software inc. and got hold of its enterprise storage resource manager product.
4			windows	history	computer	software	microsoft	evolution	technology	pcs	linux			no sp2 for users of old windows retrofitting sp2 to windows 98 or windows nt simply would not make much sense, argues yankee group 's laura didio. both operating systems are eight years old, and the pc and internet worlds were much different places then.
4			mobile	technology	smartphone	nokia	telecommunication	phone			cellphones get debugging tool for the millions of mobile phone users buying fancier and more complicated phones these days particularly in asia, where the most cutting edge phones often are introduced he old model of cellphone service is getting a reboot.
3			investor	speculation	investment	investing	market	finance	money	banking			markets cheer lifting of gazprom ring fence the moment investors have been awaiting for years came unexpectedly tuesday, when president vladimir putin backed plans to lift rules banning foreigners from buying local gazprom shares.
4			electronics	computer	manufacturing	technology	company	semiconductor	performance	innovation	patent	industry			chip stocks rise on industry report semiconductor companies moved higher in trading thursday after an industry group said sales rose 1.1 percent to $ 18.2 billion in august from the previous month, and that inventories are on the decline.
4			computer	privacy	technology	microsoft	media	multimedia	windows			microsoft 's improved media center still falls short a special layer of software designed to let people enjoy their digital photos, music and videos from across the room has to rank as one
3			statistics	business	trend	sale	technology	finance	profit	money	industry			update 2 genuine parts profit rises, shares up genuine parts co. gpc.n: quote, profile, research , a distributor of auto replacement and industrial parts, on friday said third quarter earnings rose sharply, pushing its stock up 9 percent.
4			mobile	electronics	device	technology	smartphone	nokia	innovation	phone			smart phone market growing more crowded the smart phone market will grow more crowded wednesday with the debut of two devices directed at opposite ends of the customer spectrum: a blackberry for consumers with a newfangled keyboard and a nokia phone organizer for mobile business professionals.
2			coaching	baseball	retirement	espn	sport	recruiting	nfl	football	sgt			notre dame makes weis decision south bend, ind., sports network the university of notre dame has named new england patriots assistant charlie weis its 28th football coach. weis, who will the fired tyrone willingham, will be introduced at a press conference monday at 11 a.m. et .
4			technology	gun	energy	risk	competition	money	security			kidde shares up 38 since offer fire extinguisher maker kidde yesterday poured more water on wannabe bidder united technology corporation when its chairman said kidde 's shareholders had backed the board 's rejection of the 1.
1			politics	life	city	power	strength	growth	energy			city getting stronger the city is strong and getting stronger each and every day, mayor gavin newsom proclaimed during his first state of the city address since taking office in january.
3			brand	share	investor	trend	investing	option	stock			jarden 's brandfest in july, the fool 's james early looked at stocks that combine the following: a small market cap, a boring industry, and a savvy pac man style acquisition strategy of adding a portfolio of brands.
4			internet	education	technology	industry			introducing the bofh brand internet caf episode 29 or should that be 'technology centre'?
4			mobile	electronics	device	technology	wireless	networking	silicon	linux			ti plans live tv for mobile phones texas instruments is prepping a new single chip solution designed to bring live broadcast television to mobile phones and other portable devices.
2			boxing	doping	sport	football	money			roon agent misled court the trial of three men accused of blackmailing wayne rooney 's agent collapsed yesterday after he tried to fool the court. paul stretford claimed that former olympic boxer john hyland and
3			privatization	acquisition	shareholder	company	finance	bankruptcy	competition	money	merger			sumitomo mitsui launches hostile bid of $ 29.2 billion for ufj ... new york, august 24 new ratings sumitomo mitsui financial group announced a hostile takeover bid today of $ 29.2 billion 3.2 trillion for ufj holdings inc ticker: ufj .
2			overtime	baseball	statistics	espn	saint	sport	nfl	football	detroit	playoff			nfl: jets, rams, broncos and vikings complete puzzle jeff wilkins booted a clutch 31 yard field goal to earn the st. louis rams a playoff berth with a 32 29 overtime victory over the new york jets on sunday, as the nfl regular season came to furious conclusion.
4			computer	hacking	safety	privacy	technology	encryption	pcs	security			google 's new pc search tool poses risks people who use public or workplace computers for e mail, instant messaging and web searching have a new security risk to worry about: google 's free new tool that indexes a pc 's contents for quickly locating data.
4			computer	palm	car	technology	power	innovation	money			a palmtop's curious subtraction the new palm tungsten t5 takes a lot of steps backward, but offers one huge leap forward.
2			baseball	injury	retirement	basketball	sport	race	football			notre dame 's goolsby eager to return after missing season he sat out the entire frustrating 5 7 season because of what he describes as his own stupidity. he broke his left collarbone in the gator bowl to end the 2002 season, then broke it again several months later
2			mlb	baseball	soccer	sport	football	stadium	washington	attendance			expos move gets owner backing mlb owners have voted 29 1 to approve the proposed move of the montreal expos to washington for the 2005 season. the decision is still subject to the district of columbia government enacting funding for a new stadium.
1			politics	election	rating	democracy	voting	polling	poll	washington			ap ipsos election poll questions the associated press ipsos poll on the election results and president bush's second term is based on telephone interviews with 1,000 adults, including 844 registered voters from all states except alaska and hawaii. the interviews were conducted nov. 3 5 by ipsos public affairs.
4			computer	network	ethernet	technology	bandwidth	light	networking	speed			uc berkeley slows speed of light to improve networking optical fiber can deliver data fast, sometimes too fast. slowing light might make some networking bottlenecks vanish.
4			electronics	computer	itunes	ipod	music	technology	apple			a computer with the ipod's bloodlines apple's new imac g5 desktop computer was clearly designed to send a message to the world's ipod fans: if you think our music player is great, you should check out our computers.
4			windows	hardware	technology	evolution	microsoft	apple	security	linux			microsoft scales back longhorn microsoft corp. on friday said it has scaled back the next major release of the windows operating system, code named longhorn, opting to drop the next generation file system, so it can ship the os in 2006.
4			mobile	network	broadband	nokia	technology	phone			vodafone sets november for 3g vodafone has confirmed that it will launch its 3g service in the uk in november. the announcement came hot on the heals of the operators announcement of the handsets it will be making available for the launch.
2			coaching	baseball	basketball	sport	football	detroit	toronto			raptors answer coach 's rip, pound knicks toronto cp a night after being called out by their coach, the toronto raptors were at their best. i think for ourselves we wanted to turn it around and play better, raptors star vince carter said wednesday
1			election	politics	israel	democracy	palestinian	palestine			palestinians plan elections within 60 days to pick arafat 's ... palestinian prime minister ahmed qurei pledged saturday that presidential elections would be held within 60 days to replace late leader yasser arafat, while the palestinian
4			electronics	safety	biotechnology	privacy	standard	technology	patent	ethics	industry			wi fi group: jumping the gun on gear is risky the wi fi alliance strongly discourages manufacturers from launching products using standards that haven't yet been approved.
3			politics	business	greed	black	bankruptcy	money			black to leave hollinger inc. board, stock soars on privatization ... conrad black plans to retire as hollinger inc. 's chairman and chief executive within a matter of days, a spokesman for the embattled press baron said in a statement friday.
4			network	ethernet	technology	communication	cisco	telecommunication	networking	patent			cisco, mit look from lab to market cisco systems is teaming up with researchers at the massachusetts institute of technology to develop new communications technology that the company hopes to ultimately turn into products.
2			baseball	hockey	life	sport	career	tv	fox	talent			ailing fox closes curtain on career when he was taken with the 24th pick on draft night in 1991, and introduced to a room of puzzled boston media and season ticket holders, an impatient red auerbach snapped back from the head
3			product	business	manufacturing	trend	sale	ft	growth	money	industry			bed bath beyond profit up, shares fall bed bath beyond inc. on wednesday posted a 24 percent rise in its quarterly earnings as demand for its household goods remained strong.
2			coaching	baseball	boxing	michigan	basketball	athletics	sport	coach	detroit	wrestling			how michigan athletes fared at the olympics olympic events involving athletes and coaches with connections to michigan. all listed are on team usa unless otherwise indicated: andre dirrell of flint advanced into the boxing quarterfinals, needing
4			trend	privacy	technology	company	analytics	google			google results evoke 'dot com' fervor shares of google inc. gained more than 15 percent on friday, to trade at more than twice the level of its cut price ipo, after the web search leader delivered strong quarterly results in its first reported quarter as a public company.
1			politics	culture	literature	democracy	china	corruption	censorship	terrorism	freedom	change			arrests of writers raise fears of crackdown against dissident ... on the afternoon of 13 december 2004, three prominent dissident intellectuals literary critic liu xiaobo, writer yu jie and political theorist zhang zuhua were arrested in beijing and held for 12 hours, before being freed on the morning
4			electronics	dell	gaming	mobility	hardware	technology	evolution	intel	linux			dell swings new axims into play the axim 50 range comprises entry and mid level axim 50 models and the axim 50v which boasts a larger 3.7in screen supporting full vga resolution and bundled game, plus greater graphics power in the form of the 16mb intel 2700 accelerator.
4			computer	mac	software	unix	technology	apple	macintosh	computing	linux			system x faster, but falls behind virginia tech's recently rebuilt macintosh supercomputer flies past the 12 teraflop mark, but will the performance boost be enough to keep it in the supercomputer top 10? by leander kahney.
1			politics	america	election	israel	war	democracy	corruption	power	terrorism	torture			north jersey media group a small but loud chorus of conservative voices is calling for the resignation of un secretary general kofi annan. they say he is tainted by the un oil for food scandal and should step down.
4			application	device	connectivity	software	usb	technology	music	industry			hitachi drive to connect with consumer devices company hopes to woo makers of music players and other devices with easy integration and trimmer drive.
3			job	technology	company	growth	ft	money	industry			delphi announces plans to cut 8,500 jobs; predicts $ 350 million ... delphi corp. said friday it plans to cut 8,500 jobs or 4.6 percent of its total work force worldwide next year as part of an ongoing restructuring.
3			insurance	share	investor	investing	company	stock	finance	risk	money			stock buybacks not always a good sign investors who see company buybacks of stock as only good news may be overlooking the damage that certain share repurchases can do to companies financial health.
4			ibm	manufacturing	privacy	technology	solution	system	innovation	patent	security	industry			landmark deal: ibm 's planned selloff would signal end of an era ibm 's expected decision to sell its us $ 11.5 billion pc business would mark the end of an era and dramatically reshape the systems landscape, posing both opportunities and pitfalls for solution providers.
4			graphic	linux	mobility	technology	platform	performance	windows			palmone unveils treo 600's successor treo 650 boasts a high res display, an improved keyboard and camera, a removable battery, and more.
2			baseball	hockey	basketball	sport	football	skating	money			buying hockey gear with cam neely a labor dispute may sideline professional hockey for the season, but recreational players are lacing up their skates and hitting the ice eager to slap shoot their way through another new england winter.
3			income	business	stock	growth	finance	profit	risk	money	earnings			amazon posts profit, outlook disappoints inc. on thursday posted quarterly earnings that more than tripled on strong international sales but offered an outlook for the current quarter and next year that was below the more bullish analyst forecasts, sending its stock down 8 percent.
4			news	wikipedia	business	technology	internet	networking			big media getting bigger reporter 's notebook hollywood, calif. the nation 's leading internet journalists wrapped up an annual meeting here on sunday, confident that the world wide web is creating a new world order in a business that is dominated by a handful of large corporations
4			industry	ibm	dell	microsoft	technology	tech	hp	patent	linux			hp bags $ 500 million outsourcing deal european commercial bank westlb turns to hewlett packard to manage its worldwide tech services.
4			manufacturing	production	investment	biotechnology	technology	machinery	automation	robot	industry			investment in robots reaches record levels a joint un industry study says investment in industrial robots has increased by double digits to the highest level ever recorded. the geneva based un economic commission
1			politics	ceo	gaming	strategy	competition			boardroom fight snags redenvelope redenvelope, a san francisco online retailer that survived the internet downturn to become a public company last year, is caught in the middle of a boardroom fight between dissident shareholders and one of silicon valley's most successful venture capitalists.
4			dell	safety	computer	privacy	technology	internet	security	linux			group, dell launch anti spyware campaign a prominent internet safety organization and leading computer maker dell inc. launched a campaign friday to help consumers fend off spyware, software that can cause sluggish computer performance or popup ads and secretly monitor the activities of internet users.
2			basketball	coach	football			self inflicted wounds the west virginia mountaineers blew another chance at a decent win on national television, and left to the wel earned chants of overrated, as penalties, special teams and questionable decision making by the coaching staff once again doomed the
4			computer	hacking	conspiracy	hacked	privacy	technology	email	security			source code club: hacker hoax or cisco headache? source code club 's last attempt to cash in on other people 's intellectual property targeted enterasys network 's dragon intrusion detection system, which scc offered for $ 16,000, and napster 's
3			business	work	sex	car	love	money			your train will be late, she says cheerily amtrak's computer voice works on frayed nerves by remaining unshakably courteous and tirelessly chipper.
4			politics	hacking	privacy	technology	solution	terrorism	money	email			e mail firms seek spam solution representatives from america's largest e mail companies will meet in washington today and wednesday to look for a way to reduce the amount of spam clogging the nation's e mail accounts, but experts said a concrete solution remains months or even years away.
4			privacy	technology	marketing	networking	email			at wireless goes to market with ogo at wireless says its new ogo messaging device is meant to create an entirely new category of users. ogo doesn 't pretend to be all things to all people, and is not bogged down by hardly
3			trading	investor	trend	speculation	investing	stock	market	growth	competition	money			stocks end week on high note despite rising oil prices, u.s. stocks this week had their biggest rally since october, as investors reacted to some positive economic indicators, the easing of tensions in iraq and google inc.'s unexpectedly strong performance after going public.
2			boxing	england	espn	soccer	bolton	sport	football	fifa	racism			diouf suspended for spitting senegal world cup striker el hadji diouf will miss bolton 's next three games after he admitted a misconduct charge on tuesday for spitting in an opponent 's face.
4			cyber	computer	hacking	privacy	technology	vulnerability	security			cyber security to get higher profile leader homeland security secretary tom ridge said yesterday that the role of overseeing computer security and the internet should have a higher profile at the agency, in the face of increasing concern from technology executives and experts that cyber security is getting inadequate attention.
2			baseball	retirement	race	football	player	williams	racing			report: williams considers possible return to miami ricky williams, who shocked the football world when he announced his retirement at the age of 27, has made inklings to miami dolphins head coach dave wannstedt about returning to the club.
4			electronics	ibm	computer	linux	technology	patent	silicon	intel	industry			amd and ibm spread the love amd and ibm are extending a deal which has seen them co operating on chip making technology since 2002. the deal was due to end next year it will now run until december 2008.
3			ceo	price	mr	stock	loss	profit	fortune	industry			john b. sanfilippo 's profit plunges nut and snack food company john b. sanfilippo son inc. reported a 64 percent decline in first quarter profit as almond demand exceeded expectations and raw material costs increased.
2			coaching	baseball	retirement	basketball	sport	football	player	coach	nba	money			scottie pippen retires after 17 seasons scottie pippen announced his retirement from the chicago bulls, the team he and michael jordan led to six nba titles in the 1990s...
2			politics	baseball	life	game	war	sport	football	money			who says we can 't play? say goldstruck british papers from tail dragging despair to unabashed joy, britain 's newspapers rebounded on sunday, swelling with pride after five gold medals in one day erased the pain of the first olympic week in athens.
2			baseball	statistics	sport	football	pitching	pitcher			sports in brief three time all star catcher jason kendall was close to being traded from the pittsburgh pirates to the oakland athletics for a pair of pitchers, a baseball official told the associated press on wednesday.
4			electronics	noise	privacy	technology	performance	copyright	patent	audio	industry			dolby labs files for ipo worth up to $ 460 million dolby laboratories inc., the developer of noise reduction systems for audio equipment, filed friday to sell up to $ 460 million in stock in an initial public offering.
4			success	failure	business	hardware	technology	innovation	bankruptcy	industry			transmeta hype suffers hardware reality four years after its splashy launch, chip maker is still struggling.
4			network	ethernet	technology	routing	cisco	telecommunication	networking	security			cisco buys bcn systems cisco systems inc. nasdaq: csco message board announced late thursday that it is buying routing software startup bcn systems inc.
4			electronics	device	manufacturing	chip	technology	performance	semiconductor	silicon	industry			global chip sales headed for tough times in 2005 global semiconductor sales next year are expected to total $ 215.3 billion, up just 1.2 from this year, according to a forecast released this week by an industry group that tracks global chip sales.
3			electricity	business	edison	company	profit	oil	patent	corporation	earnings	industry			edison international net profit climbs edison international eix.n: quote, profile, research on friday posted a 49 percent increase in third quarter earnings, with most of the earnings coming from completed and planned asset sales.
1			politics	election	protest	violence	democracy	protester	terrorism	demonstration			gop convention protests mostly peaceful tens of thousands of protesters made a sweaty but jubilant five hour march through the streets of manhattan on the eve of the republican national convention for a demonstration that wound up being largely peaceful despite fears of violent skirmishes with police.
4			electronics	computer	intelligence	intel	technology	innovation	silicon	security	linux			suddenly, it's amd inside for 35 years, advanced micro devices inc. stood in the shadow of archrival intel corp. amd churned out lower priced clones of the tech leader's chips and occasionally enjoyed a hit that helped boost its meager profits. but bad times easily outweighed the good. again and again, intel used its manufacturing muscle and pricing power to stymie amd's ambitions, preventing it from gaining a foothold in lucrative markets such as servers and corporate pcs.
4			electronics	computer	linux	gaming	hardware	software	technology	computing	industry			first game for amd 64 bit chip emerges com september 21, 2004, 2:07 pm pt. with the economy slowly turning up, upgrading hardware has been on businesses radar in the past 12 months as their number two priority.
4			computer	technology	microsoft	security	windows			sarah 's download of the day: windows xp service pack 2 service pack 2 is the long awaited mega bug fix for windows xp, and pretty much the last bit of excitement until longhorn. but what does it mean for you?
4			electronics	car	technology	nokia	tech	intel			infineon to build a fab in malaysia to build chips for cars and ... infineon technologies will build a fab in kulim high tech park, malaysia, to produce power supply and logic chips used in cars and industrial power applications, the firm announced on december 8. infineon
4			music	technology	wireless	internet	broadband	telecommunication	blog			the phone y music business vodaphone, the biggest cell phone company in the world, has launched a music download service for mobile phones. broadband blog
2			coaching	baseball	buffalo	syracuse	college	espn	basketball	sport	boston	football			common knowledge only syracuse university stands in the way of boston college as the eagles vie for their first big east title and the inside track for the conference's automatic bowl championship series slot.
4			hacking	safety	privacy	technology	vulnerability	terrorism	risk	security	industry			industry fears security setbacks with amit yoran 's sudden departure from the nation 's top cybersecurity job, industry officials said they fear another setback in efforts to make government and corporate networks secure from attacks that hurt business and national security.
2			coaching	baseball	team	statistics	sport	football	oklahoma	coach	texas	division			bcs is shaken by upsets, but top two stay in place the bowl championship series standings underwent a shakeup yesterday, but the top two teams southern california and oklahoma remained the same.
4			battery	electronics	lcd	technology	japan	silicon	computing			hitachi, matsushita, toshiba tie on lcd production three of japan's largest electronics companies, hitachi ltd., matsushita electric industrial co. ltd. and toshiba corp., will announce later tuesday plans to jointly manufacture lcd liquid crystal display panels.
2			mlb	baseball	yankee	sport	football	softball			slide of the yankees passed up a chance to chat baseball with a couple of yankees fans over a brew in a pacific beach pub in order to watch a softball game.
3			turnover	business	management	football	bankruptcy	money			texans troubled by turnovers for the first time in their history, the houston texans are 0 2, and they have turnovers to blame. i ve been around this business long enough to know what
2			baseball	football			austin relieved his head wasn't shouldering a problem potomac cannons right handed pitcher jeff austin said he thought we was a head case after several horrendous outings with the big league club in cincinnati last may.
3			job	overtime	employee	business	technology	company	office	corporation	money			office depot plans to cut 900 jobs office depot inc. plans to cut 900 jobs as it consolidates operations at eight call centers and offices in six states. in a filing with the securities and exchange commission, office depot the nation 's second
3			computer	business	saving	finance	advertising	accounting	money	paper			first look: intuit's quickbooks for newbies new simple start edition accounting software targets small businesses still using pencil and paper.
4			mobile	electronics	device	technology	smartphone	nokia	phone			motorola, nec, nokia, samsung, sharp, sony ericsson phones ... vodafone announced plans for 10 new third generation handsets expected to hit the european and japanese markets in time for the upcoming holiday shopping season.
4			industry	electronics	battery	computer	manufacturing	technology	patent	reliability			lexmark loses case on toner static control components scored a big legal win tuesday after a us appeals court lifted a ban on sales of the sanford company 's rebuilt toner cartridges.
4			computer	privacy	technology	broadband	internet	telecommunication	networking			marrying the ideal to the real rajiv laroia was handed a dream assignment at lucent's bell labs in 1997: invent a way to put a broadband internet in the sky. don't worry about existing cell phone systems, just do it right.
4			manufacturing	intel	technology	performance	apple	hp	semiconductor	silicon	linux			intel lifts forecast semiconductor giant intel has dramatically raised the range of its fourth quarter sales forecast as it benefited from strong holiday demand for microprocessors.
1			politics	election	security	congress	technology	energy	convention	money	education			equipment donated to convention is passed to schools telephones and computers that were donated for use at the republican national convention will now be used to improve security and enhance new york city public schools.
4			virus	hacking	privacy	technology	encryption	security	linux			mcafee enhances spyware protection antivirus company offers improved anti spyware app to users for a fee.
3			statistics	revenue	trend	price	company	performance	finance	pricing	industry			texas instruments trims revenue estimates texas instruments inc. , the largest maker of chips for cell phones, trimmed its third quarter revenue outlook on wednesday as customers worked off inventories of unsold chips, making it the second major chip supplier to pare third quarter expectations.
3			business	ceo	biotechnology	technology	marketing	company	pharmaceuticals	health	healthcare			biovail names douglas squires as new ceo pharmaceutical company biovail corp. on thursday said company founder eugene melnyk will give up the chief executive title and remain chairman.
1			election	politics	putin	democracy	voting	corruption	russia	candidate	ukraine			ukrainian president criticizes court order for new vote in his first interview since ukraine held a disputed election, leonid d. kuchma blamed the candidates and external pressure.
2			politics	america	history	england	soccer	club	sport	football	money			soccer: us overture puts manchester united in play london what excites us more, the dazzling skills that young players perform on the pitch, or the seemingly bottomless fortunes of the rich entrepreneurs apparently willing to speculate on the clubs?
2			mlb	baseball	soccer	sport	football	stadium	finance	softball	money			washington mayor to push change in baseball bill washington, dc, mayor anthony williams will try to get financing for a major league baseball stadium back on the city council agenda next week after the council
4			network	ethernet	usb	wireless	broadband	technology	networking	patent	linux			broadcom chipsets expand wi fi coverage areas broadcom said its new chips will operate at the highest transmission rate possible for a longer time than currently available chips, which are quicker to shift to lower data rates in order to maintain clear transmissions.
2			america	baseball	olympics	swim	sport	aids	race	athlete	swimming			ua 's beard swims to silver in medley debut american swimmer michael phelps collected two more gold medals tuesday, but even he knew he wasn 't the story of the day from the summer olympics in athens.
1			election	america	politics	democrat	race	republican	money	politician			house race turns ugly in colorado the race in colorado's newest congressional district has turned ugly in the homestretch, with swastikas scrawled on the signs of republican rep. bob beauprez and deer entrails left on the doorstep of a democrat.
2			history	college	espn	basketball	bc	sport	football			bc's bowl picture out of focus where to now? that was the question everyone at boston college was asking yesterday after the 17th ranked eagles laid a colossal egg in saturday's devastating 43 17 loss against syracuse. it cost bc the big east title outright, a berth in the bowl championship series, and a likely new year's day bid to the fiesta bowl.
4			radio	network	mobility	ethernet	wireless	communication	telecommunication	networking			wireless network smashes world speed record a new world record has been set for transmitting data across a wireless network, claim researchers in germany. a team at siemens communications research laboratory in munich, have transmitted one gigabit one
4			industry	electronics	computer	technology	hp	patent	productivity	computing	linux			hp enters consumer electronics market hewlett packard blasted into the consumer electronic market on friday with its most significant product launch of the year, unveiling new televisions, digital cameras, photo printers, notebooks and desktop pcs.
2			medal	history	gymnastics	doping	olympics	sport	athlete	competition	money			keep track of hometown heroes: the united states olympic committee pumped renewed fury into the paul hamm gymnastics saga on friday, slamming the international gymnastics federation fig for asking hamm to return his gold medal.
4			computer	statistics	technology	company	performance	finance	ibm	accounting	productivity	industry			computer associates results top view software maker computer associates international ltd. , on wednesday posted better than expected quarterly results and said full year earnings will exceed wall street estimates, aided by cost cutting.
4			network	ethernet	standard	technology	wireless	networking	security			zigbee 802.14.5 is one of the many personal area network pan standards around like bluetooth and ultrawideband uwb . like most ieee 802 standards, the wireless industry knew what the ieee was doing or didn 't do in the case of uwb was not enough.
1			politics	election	budget	corruption	spending	tax	finance	money			new yorkers in congress expect a budget fight members of new york's heavily democratic delegation on capitol hill worry they will be shoved aside when congress returns to confront issues that impact the city and state.
4			pc	business	connectivity	technology	migration	networking	ibm	gateway	security			gateway computes operating profit nation's third leading pc maker is turning operations in a positive direction.
4			mobile	motorola	mobility	technology	nokia	innovation	patent	phone			motorola expects strong sales growth motorola inc., the world's second largest mobile phone maker, said on tuesday it expects to sustain strong sales growth in the second half of 2004 thanks to new handsets with innovative designs and features.
4			product	application	java	collaboration	technology	xml	tool			tools wrap: web services, e commerce, xml touted systinet corp., inc. and altova gmbh this week are announcing tools geared toward development of web services, e commerce, and xml applications, respectively.
2			boxing	baseball	sport	football	fame	warner	talent			warner leads giants revival kurt warner, perhaps more than maybe any other american football athlete, understands the bright light of stardom, and how quickly it can fade.
4			electronics	dell	computer	graphic	laser	technology	color			dell to introduce its first color laser printers dell inc. is expected to add a splash of color to its laser printer lineup wednesday with three new models for businesses and home office users.
3			trend	price	sale	marketing	market	pricing	retail	security	industry			update 1 circuit city posts weak sales; shares fall circuit city stores inc. cc.n: quote, profile, research , the no. 2 us electronics chain, on monday reported a surprise 4.3 percent drop in quarterly sales at stores open at least
4			electronics	battery	computer	electricity	device	clock	technology	time			cell phones could keep atomic time atomic clocks may be headed into cell phones, thanks to a breakthrough by federal researchers. scientists at the national institute of standards and technology have demonstrated the heart of an atomic clock
4			network	connectivity	net	web	broadband	technology	internet	networking	linux			amd debuts low cost net device advanced micro devices on thursday formally announced a low cost internet device targeted at emerging markets. as reported earlier, amd 's personal internet communicator is designed to provide net connectivity
4			computer	itunes	software	music	technology	copyright	linux			at t joins the music frenzy customers are able to download full songs with their phone and put them on a computer. also: hewlett packard has major malfunctions with its software hellip;. microsoft and palmone, together at last hellip;. and more.
4			computer	linux	technology	machine	networking	ibm	speed	computing	industry			ibm 's big blue back on top as world 's fastest computer ibm s big blue has helped the us reclaim the title of the world 's fastest supercomputer for the first time in three years.
4			software	technology	standard	testing	patent	test	security	linux			lack of tests could block virtualization attendees at gartner's annual data center conference said their packaged applications have to be tested on servers equipped with virtualization software before they can adopt the technology. but some vendors may not have the wherewithal to do the testing.
3			expectation	trend	demand	sale	growth	finance	profit	competition	money			toll brothers 3q profits beat estimates luxury home builder toll brothers inc. reported wednesday that strong demand pushed third quarter profits well above wall street expectations.
3			income	taxation	business	sale	tax	profit	advertising	money	woman			profit climbs at talbots womenswear chain, helped by tax gain talbots inc. said wednesday its profit for the latest quarter edged up five per cent, boosted by higher sales and an income tax gain.
3			product	business	sale	technology	marketing	advertising	retail	email			office depot aims for business customers retailer office depot inc. is making over its brand, appealing to small business customers who still find it hard to distinguish its staples from those of its biggest rival.
4			network	privacy	wireless	technology	communication	networking	merger			sprint and nextel: a done deal? rumors are swirling that the next massive wireless merger is in the works.
3			sale	stock	loss	profit	retail	competition	money	earnings			coles myer smashes profit forecasts australia 's biggest retailer, coles myer, beat its forecasts with a 26.5 per cent rise to record annual profits and said it was on track to meet profit growth forecasts for the next two years.
1			politics	election	democracy	kabul	corruption	iran	candidate	afghanistan	irregularities			karzai elected afghan president the incumbent afghan leader hamid karzai has emerged as the winner of afghanistan 's first ever presidential election marred by irregularities, head of the joint un afghan election commission announced here wednesday.
4			network	privacy	technology	company	internet	networking	email	industry			briefly: firms bundle web services wares roundup plus: pmc sierra lowers forecast...websidestory cuts ipo to 4.4 million looks to simplify network operations.
3			history	business	ceo	management	company	restructuring	bankruptcy	consolidation			smucker 's to close salinas facility in 2005 the jm smucker co. announced monday that it will close its salinas facility by the end of 2005. the closure is the result of restructuring of operations, company officials said.
1			politics	election	bush	kerry	debate	mccain			bush says debates highlight his record president bush said thursday the trio of prime time debates with sen. john kerry demonstrated he is running on his record and his opponent away from his own even as the republican campaign acknowledged that kerry had gained from the confrontations viewed by tens of millions of americans...
4			water	coal	electricity	technology	power	energy	efficiency			doe awards $ 235 million for clean energy power plant in fla. the us department of energy has awarded a $ 235 million grant to help fund the development of a clean, advanced technology coal fired power plant near orlando, fla.
4			security	virus	computer	hacking	network	privacy	technology	worm	networking	ethics			copiers need security, too networked multifunction devices share pc vulnerabilities to worms, hackers.
2			power	baseball	basketball	football			pacers push by wizards it might not have been reggie miller 's last minute heroics, but it still gave the crowd in worthen arena something to cheer about.
4			job	technology	tech	innovation	employment	industry			us in tech job massacre the us it sector lost more than 403,000 jobs between april 2001 and 2004 and the future of the job market is looking bleak. according to a report prepared by the university of illinois chicago, half of the
4			mobility	privacy	technology	broadband	telecommunication	competition	money			verizon catches $ 3b nextwave verizon wireless will buy nextwave telecom inc. 's airwaves for $ 3 billion, increasing capacity in new york and 22 other cities, as part of efforts to reclaim the no.
1			politics	election	speculation	stock	market	money			stocks begin quarter with solid gains stocks kicked off the fourth quarter with a solid rally on friday as investors bet the market would shake off continued uncertainty about the election, the
3			share	shareholder	option	stock	company	corporation	risk	money	security			stocks to watch tuesday the web search company said it will commence its share buyback offer today for the 23.4 million common shares it may have issued improperly to previous and current employees and consultants.
4			network	connectivity	mobility	technology	broadband	internet			amd aims low cost personal internet communicator at developing ... amd launched an initiative to enable 50 of the world 's population with internet connectivity and computing capabilities by 2015.
4			ibm	technology	microsoft	internet	networking	patent	availability	email	industry			ibm eyes web hosting as growth engine ibm widened its lead last year in the us market for internet hosting services as it won a greater share of the midsize business market, according to data recently published by market researcher idc.
1			election	politics	war	democracy	iran	iraq	terrorism	afghanistan	leadership			afghans vote peacefully millions of enthusiastic afghans stood in line and voted ithout any large scale attacks that many had feared the nation chose its first ever directly elected leader.
4			science	electronics	device	technology	physicist	mechanics	gravity	astronomy	physics			device to probe limits of physics uk physicists finish a crucial element of a device that will probe the forces that shape our universe.
2			baseball	basketball	sport	boston	football	softball	money			round 1: red sox boston maybe this really is the red sox 's year. if it isn 't, explain how they could win a game like the one they did saturday night?
3			robert	business	tourism	biotechnology	marketing	wine			mondavi to sell off luxury wine brands in the latest act of napa valley 's continuing king lear saga, robert mondavi corp. said tuesday it plans to sell off its luxury wine brands, including the original robert mondavi winery that made the company famous.
2			baseball	game	basketball	sport	football	kid			game day is mom's day for senior guard elton brown, his mom and late uncle are never more than an arm's length away.
4			electronics	atom	silicon	physics			researchers say microscope can see atoms oak ridge national laboratory researchers are peering into the atomic world with record clarity, developing an electron microscope image that can distinguish the individual, dumbbell shaped atoms of silicon in a crystal.
4			computer	chip	hardware	microsoft	technology	patent	intel	linux			microsoft to ok one license for multicore chips dual core processors to be considered single chip, company says.
4			network	ethernet	technology	cisco	networking	patent	switch	security	industry			cisco purchase of bcn is par for the course cisco systems acquisition of bcn systems, a tiny networking software design company, runs true to form as cisco continues its practice of buying key techn ologies to advance its product development strategy.
4			network	privacy	technology	communication	telecommunication	patent	competition	email			verizon wireless won 't oppose nextel airwaves swap verizon wireless and nextel communications inc. said they resolved disputes over airwaves and trademark names, ending a 15 month legal battle between the two us mobile phone providers.
1			politics	nigeria	democracy	african	race	religion	africa	leadership			outside view: kofi annan time to go un secretary general kofi annan is the uppermost utopian model of international public servants, a nobel prize laureate, a pride to his native africa.
4			computer	linux	unix	technology	power	networking	ibm	reliability	computing	server			ibm 's power5 beast takes on sun, hp and ibm come november, customers will see the power5 based p5 590 and p5 595 servers hit the market. the 32 way 590 is a direct replacement for the current power4 based p690.
4			electronics	chip	hardware	nothing	intel	technology	tech	silicon	linux			did intel mock up dual pentium 4 demo? analyst nathan brookwood has raised several questions about a technology announcement intel made last week on pentium 4 dual core processors and wonders just what technology was under the hood.
4			mobile	network	technology	smartphone	wireless	nokia	telecommunication	networking	phone			nokia demos mobile call using ipv6 internet protocol version 6 will improve voip quality, other wireless services.
4			computer	hacking	itunes	technology	apple			apple fights back against realnetworks no longer only a war of words, apple computer inc. has quietly started to block the technology that realnetworks inc. created to get around the ipod music player's copy protection armor.
4			computer	hacking	technology	terrorism	security	torture			german teen who made sasser worm hired by computer security firm a german teenager accused of creating the sasser worm that infected millions of computers around the world is being taught to become a security software programmer, the company that hired him said.
4			electronics	philip	manufacturing	sale	technology	marketing	manufacturer	innovation	patent	industry			philips warns on sales, sees 05 slowdown europe's top consumer electronics group philips cut the sales forecast for its closely watched chip unit on friday and predicted much smaller growth for the semiconductor industry next year.
3			investor	investing	company	stock	loss	finance	profit	money	earnings			vodafone interim profits dip, dividend hiked mobile telephone giant vodafone reported a two percent fall in half year underlying profits as the group added 7.4 million new customers.
4			computer	pc	business	technology	hp	productivity	hr	pcs	computing			product review: hp d530 business desktop i.t. managers will appreciate the versatility of the hp nyse: hpq d530 business desktop, equipped with a 2.8 ghz pentium 4 with hyperthreading technology. the small form factor desktop targets business consumers seeking a reasonably priced, high end pc. hp has produced a business machine that will fulfill any office task without draining your entire pc budget.
4			computer	europe	technology	power	networking	ibm	intel	computing	linux			europe 's most powerful supercomputer unveiled ibm and the spanish government have introduced a new supercomputer they hope will be the most powerful in europe, and one of the 10 most powerful in the world.
4			electronics	battery	computer	privacy	technology	wireless	phone			a great phone, tied down when it comes to selecting a wireless phone for myself to use, i have in the past been a bit of a neo luddite. sure, as part of this job i get to play with all the very latest and greatest that
4			algorithms	computer	usb	storage	technology	dvd	memory			1 terabyte optical storage disks fenimor writes physicists at imperial college london described a new method for potentially encoding and storing up to one terabyte of data, or 472 hours of film, on one optical disk the size of a cd or dvd.
1			politics	election	protest	violence	democracy	riot	terrorism	haiti	event			riots by aristide supporters erupt for second day in haiti violence erupted again yesterday in port au prince, one day after three policemen were killed in a clash with protesters demanding the return of ousted president jean bertrand aristide.
4			network	mobility	ethernet	technology	telecommunication	industry			sbc selects alcatel as primary supplier for project lightspeed in ... sbc communications announced today that it has selected alcatel paris: and nyse: ala as its primary network infrastructure and services supplier in a deal that is estimated to be worth usd 1.7 billion
4			electronics	application	biotechnology	technology	copyright	patent	industry			sony and samsung in patent deal sony corporation and samsung electronics have agreed to share patents on technology used in the development of new products. the agreement will involve a wide range of commercial licenses but will not include
4			mobile	electronics	cellular	wireless	broadband	technology	telecommunication	patent	phone			modem to connect with speedy cellular tech a top networking gear producer plans to offer a speedy new cellular technology that's an alternative to dsl and cable internet access with the added advantage of being available on the road.
4			java	collaboration	technology	project	startup	innovation	patent	linux			open source startup sourcelabs gets venture funding a newcomer on the open source scene has received funding to expand operations and develop new product lines.
4			television	network	technology	microsoft	internet	telecommunication	windows			sbc to use microsoft software san antonio sbc communications will use a microsoft software system to transmit television over high speed internet connections. those are like the ones san antonio based sbc will offer after replacing the
4			network	ethernet	technology	telecommunication	terrorism	networking	carrier	money			asset writedown hurts mci between them, the three carriers have cut back the value of their long distance networks by $ 18.4 billion at 's writedown was $ 11.
2			coaching	baseball	injury	espn	basketball	athletics	sport	recruiting	football	coach			notre dame extends brey through 2010 11 season south bend, in sports network notre dame head basketball coach mike brey has signed a two year extension that will keep him under contract with the fighting irish through the 2010 11 season.
1			politics	election	democrat	voting	immigration	migration	voter	registration			a big increase of new voters in swing states a registration campaign in democratic areas has added tens of thousands of new voters to the rolls in ohio and florida.
4			biotechnology	technology	pharmaceutical	pharmaceuticals	innovation	patent	drug	research	cancer			company looks to new drugs in face of patent expirations with the threat of generic competition looming over the pharmaceutical industry, pfizer inc. declared on tuesday that the strength and breadth of its drugs under development will give the company an edge over its rivals.
2			baseball	soccer	basketball	sport	volleyball	football	softball	tennis			soccer: teen keeps an old dream alive her heroes gave her a gift four years ago, and heather o reilly repaid them handsomely monday at pankritio stadium on the island of crete.
1			politics	america	controversy	history	election	democracy	race	debate			a crucial test, but not final george w. bush and john kerry ended the debates as they began them, with starkly defined differences on most issues.
4			game	gaming	network	technology	company	strategy	security	industry			wireless gaming firms announce acquisitions, partnerships the scramble to find allies continued in the mobile gaming arena with two new partnerships and an acquisition. tiger telematics, the us based producer of the gizmondo mobile gaming console that launched in
3			revenue	sale	technology	growth	profit	finance	money	earnings			tivo earnings reflect cost of customer acquisition tivo 's q2 earnings reflect the high cost of attracting new subscribers to its customer base. the company lost $ 10.8 million, or 13 cents a share, on revenue of $ 27.
4			electronics	computer	television	movie	technology	tech	tv	video			tivo, cable or satellite? choose that smart tv wisely though technophiles are the one who usually like to brag about their electronic toys, recently, even tech novices have started crowing about their digital video recorders.
4			computer	chip	intel	technology	hp	ibm	silicon	computing	linux			hp quits chipmaking alliance with intel hewlett packard yesterday announced it was quitting the microprocessor making business by severing its 10 year partnership with intel to develop itanium chips for server computers.
3			business	privacy	technology	company	strategy	research	competition	industry			copernic spins off coveo enterprise search copernic spins off coveo enterprise search copernic technologies inc. today announced the creation of a new separate company, coveo solutions inc. the company will focus exclusively on providing easy to use, powerful and secure enterprise search software to businesses, organizations and government entities. the creation of coveo is in response to overwhelming market demand ...
4			quality	price	technology	cost	innovation	efficiency	design			can general motors design a better future? style and design are not the only issues filling the days of robert a. lutz. increasingly, much of his attention has also been focused on the cost side.
4			software	technology	growth	productivity	shrink	size	complexity	industry			in software industry, size matters the fragmented software business is growing up.
4			patented	privacy	technology	litigation	invention	copyright	patent			3d patent suit extended to dell, hp, ibm, sony, others pc makers targeted as list of allegedly infringed patents grows
1			election	politics	rating	pm	mr	mps	money	media			pm 's drunken sailor campaign the opposition labour party on monday accused prime minister john howard of spending like a drunken sailor to woo voters ahead of next month 's election in which he will seek a fourth three year term.
4			statistics	trend	technology	economics	tech	market	finance	research	industry			early market signals mixed ahead of us rate move, technology ... early indicators were mixed for north american stock markets monday as investors weighed the impact of an expected us interest rate hike and a $ 10.3 billion us merger in the technology sector.
4			mobile	network	mobility	technology	telecom	communication	telecommunication			presse conomique telecoms bedminster, nj business wire 8 octobre 2004 siemens communications va intgrer la technologie flashofdm r orthogonal frequency division multiplexing son portefeuille de solutions mobiles haut dbit.
4			computer	intelligence	software	technology	brain	logic	robot	ai			computers with multiple personalities the jury's still out on whether a computer can ever truly be intelligent, but there's no question that it can have multiple personalities. it's just a matter of software.
2			coaching	baseball	injury	pittsburgh	espn	basketball	sport	football	kidd	stats			kidd hopes to practice next month jason kidd's recovery from surgery on his left knee is on schedule and the all star point guard hopes to practice next month with the struggling new jersey nets.
4			computer	chip	hardware	intel	technology	pcs	silicon	computing	linux			dual core chips may raise software costs faced with weak demand for pcs and technical limits on the speed of its products, intel is betting on a future in which every chip it makes contains what amounts to two computers.
1			politics	news	election	war	democracy	violence	corruption	religion	information	terrorism			no let up in violence crude bombs were set off and buses torched here today ahead of the opposition called general strike even as the government announced a 10 million taka reward for specific information
4			america	computer	hacking	game	gaming	china	sport	technology	tech	american			americans win gold at world cyber games amid fanfare fit for actual world class athletes, five americans with really quick fingers took home the gold medal in the popular counter strike competition of the world cyber games championships, capping five days of intense gaming by the world's elite.
2			boxing	doping	olympic	olympics	athletics	sport	sex	competition			accused pair to tell their side of story this morning as britain awakes, kostas kenteris and his training partner, katerina thanou, will be asked three questions by the disciplinary commission of the international olympic committee. these will determine whether they deliberately ...
4			application	app	software	technology	apps	ios	windows			siebel looks to custom built apps to boost bottom line in a bid to revive its flagging fortunes, siebel systems plans to create customized software packages designed to reach the 75 of the crm market now unavailable to it.
4			industry	computer	linux	technology	networking	ibm	intel	security	windows			ibm to launch linux only power servers openpower line to make debut monday as big blue looks beyond the chip's high end niche, cnet has learned.
4			coding	computer	learning	code	technology	design			search engine friendly design and coding search engine friendly design and coding especially flash its been almost a year since i attended a session of this nature. i was not too impressed last time, so i am hoping things have changed within the year. brett introduces the panel, by saying its the first time wmw is doing ...
1			election	politics	statistics	computer	democracy	voting	polling			pinpointing voters on a map voter databases are old hat to political campaigns. but by taking that same data and overlaying it on a map a technology called geographic information systems operatives are becoming more effective at getting out the vote. by jacob ogles.
4			security	virus	computer	hacking	network	privacy	technology	vulnerability	networking	surveillance			study: unpatched pcs compromised in 20 minutes the average survival time is not even long enough to download patches that would protect a computer from net threats.
4			mobile	mobility	privacy	technology	routing	telecommunication	networking	carrier	email	number			customers will just have to pay their carriers a few pennies for each text message directory assistance query.
4			computer	employee	ceo	management	technology	automation	performance	hr	security			computer associates to cut 5 of workforce computer associates quote, chart said it would cut 800 employees from its payroll in order to save $ 70 million per year. the move is part of the islandia, ny based management software maker 's plan to streamline operations.
4			electronics	computer	manufacturing	chip	technology	semiconductor	silicon	intel			after delays, intel points to chip making advance intel is on track to introduce the world 's most advanced chip production technology in its products next year, the largest semiconductor maker said sunday.
3			trading	trade	investor	investing	market	stock	knight	security			before the bell: knight falls, too rises knight trading group inc. shares fell more than 6 percent before the bell on wednesday after the nasdaq stock trader warned of a quarterly loss because of weak stock trading volume.
4			flash	device	usb	storage	technology	networking	memory			sandisk releases flasher flash cards a californian vendor of flash cards sandisk has released new memory cards that they say will make a big splash in consumer gizmos like digital cameras and cell phones.
4			network	connectivity	ethernet	technology	wireless	internet	broadband	telecommunication	networking			marconi joins the wimax forum marconi is the latest big name to join the wimax forum, which is expected to certify its first long range wireless broadband products next year.
1			truth	politics	controversy	democracy	sex	money	ethics			when private passions meet public journalism should fox news keep relying on a political reporter who privately mocked john kerry as a well manicured metrosexual ?
1			politics	election	beijing	taiwan	democrat	democracy	china	talk	corruption	russia			china invites moderate democrats to meetings paper china has invited four newly elected pro democracy lawmakers for talks in a conciliatory gesture after weekend legislative elections, the south china morning post reported on thursday.
4			linux	software	microsoft	technology	networking	productivity	email	security	windows			vmware reveals ace in the hole using its strengths in virtual machine technology, vmware on monday unwrapped new beta software for the desktop that allows administrators to more securely deploy and mange work environments outside the corporate network.
4			television	privacy	broadband	technology	internet	communication	telecommunication	copyright	consumer	competition			vonage dodges state regulations the fcc decides that cable, phone and other companies offering internet based phone services fall under federal jurisdiction. the company calls the ruling a victory for consumers.
1			politics	ukrainian	election	putin	democracy	voting	russia	candidate	ukraine			ukraine to have second round of election anyway official ukraine will have the second round of the presidential election, no matter what results of exit polls may be.
4			cyber	hacking	privacy	technology	company	fraud	patent	security	merger			trusecure, betrusted merge to create cybertrust in announcing the merger, the companies said cybertrust would fold the specialties of each company risk management and compliance from trusecure, identity management from betrusted and intrusion detection and prevention from ubizen.
2			baseball	pittsburgh	nbc	espn	sport	nfl	football	tv	vs			steelers halt pats streak dampening the joy in mudville, the turnover prone, injury bitten patriots lost for the first time in 22 games, 34 20, at heinz field yesterday, leaving the 7 0 eagles as the nfl 's only unbeaten team.
2			rating	statistics	espn	basketball	sport	recruiting	scoring	playoff	nba	stats			golden state warriors team report november 16 the golden state warriors lost to the cleveland cavaliers, 99 88, on monday at gund arena. jason richardson scored 27 points to lead the warriors, who have dropped seven of their first eight games.
2			australia	sydney	doping	olympics	athletics	sport	football	athlete	cycling			australians may boycott games village melbourne: australian athletes could boycott the melbourne 2006 commonwealth games village because of fears that it might be overcrowded, noisy and hot, a newspaper has reported.
4			mobility	chip	software	technology	power	performance	networking	reliability	linux			leadtek winfast px6600td geforce 6600 card review mid range features, performance for under 100?
4			computer	itunes	music	technology	copyright	apple	industry			apple shares close at 4 year high shares of apple computer inc. on thursday closed at a four year high as the iconic computer maker this week rolled out an ipod that displays photos and opened nine new itunes online music stores in europe.
4			electronics	computer	manufacturing	biotechnology	technology	innovation	semiconductor	cancer	silicon			intel sketches out nanotechnology road map the firm is planning new ways to shrink transistors and increase chip speed. could spintronics replace silicon based technology?
4			developer	application	java	collaboration	technology	development	patent	productivity	linux			borland updates its life cycle tools new versions of caliberrm and starteam are intended to ease communication between developers and businesspeople.
1			politics	election	democracy	corruption	scandal	russia	reform	change	privatization			macedonia pm quits, says reform drive not supported macedonian prime minister hari kostov announced his resignation on monday after less than six months in office, saying reforms were being neglected.
4			product	manufacturing	biotechnology	technology	pt	industry			clorox will give up soft scrub, combat in deal with largest ... clorox co. said late wednesday that it will exchange shares in a subsidiary for henkel kgaa 's 29 percent stake in the oakland consumer products giant.
2			politics	baseball	democracy	sport	football	stadium	washington	money			dc council approves stadium, maybe, sort of after all the twists and turns that the washington, dc stadium controversy has taken, we should have known it wouldn 't end simply.
3			revenue	trend	sale	marketing	profit	advertising	competition	money			wpp profit up 11, aided by global advertising upturn the wpp group, the world 's second largest advertising and marketing company, reported on friday that profit for the first half of the year rose 11 percent, providing further
3			business	investor	investing	greed	finance	corporation	risk	competition	money	ethics			merrill cuts citigroup, shares drop citigroup inc. shares fell as much as 2.75 percent on monday after a prominent wall street analyst downgraded the world's largest financial services company, citing a string of recent ethics problems. analysts say the blows to citigroup's reputation might be a function of the new york based giant's size and far flung businesses.
4			electronics	computer	chip	intel	technology	innovation	silicon	security	linux			intel scraps pentium 4 chip for new design the scuttling of the chip raises the risk that intel might fall behind amd in the race to create the fastest processors. some saw the move as desperate attempt to deal with the fact that
3			job	contract	business	manufacturing	ca	technology	company	ft	ibm	industry			ibm to open office in fairfax county, creating 1,200 jobs international business machines corp. plans to open a new office in fairfax county that will create 1,200 government contracting jobs in the county, according to sources familiar with the deal.
3			business	trend	sale	marketing	vs	retail	industry			home depot sees 2q profit jump the home depot inc. reported a nearly 19 percent jump in second quarter profit on record sales as it benefited from strong performance in stores open at least a year. it also raised its earnings outlook for the year.
4			electronics	computer	television	movie	privacy	technology	tv			i want my moscow tv a lone inventor with a colorful past has come up with a way to let you tap into your home tv reception anywhere in the world.
4			china	digital	technology	camera	photography	money	security	industry			digital cameras sales to hit $ 24 billion in 2004 digital camera sales worldwide will reach $ 24 billion in 2004 and rise 29 percent to reach $ 31 billion in 2009, a research group said on thursday.
4			mobile	device	mobility	technology	smartphone	nokia	telecommunication	phone	industry			report: mobile phone sales up; nokia gains market share mobile phone sales were up 26 percent in the third quarter, with nokia nyse: nok solidifying its position as the leading manufacturer, while samsung leapfrogged past motorola nyse: mot for second in the global rankings.
3			recycling	manufacturing	production	sale	marketing	company	growth	pepsi	industry			update 1: pepsico to close four frito lay plants pepsico inc. will close four frito lay factories by the end of the year, as it moves to streamline production, the company said thursday.
3			ge	business	manufacturing	china	india	management	company	hr	industry			ge sells 60 in bpo arm new delhi, november 8: general electrics ge india business headed for a fresh start on monday, as it kick started a global reorganisation of its back office operations, starting with selling 60 per cent of gecis for $ 500 million.
1			politics	democracy	veto	censorship	corruption	power	terrorism	money			bush wants line item veto to be revived six years after the supreme court took away the president's ability to veto specific parts of legislation, president bush is asking congress to bring back the line item veto to let him make precision strikes against projects and tax provisions he doesn't like.
2			baseball	statistics	espn	basketball	sport	recruiting	football	player	williams	usc			ncaa denies reinstatement request for mike williams the ncaa refused to reinstate southern california all american mike williams on thursday, leaving the star receiver unable to rejoin the top ranked trojans after being shut out of the nfl draft by the courts.
3			success	management	marketing	greed	profit	strategy	fraud	competition	money			take two sacked on fourth down take two follows up bad news with a mediocre earnings report and uninspiring guidance.
4			electronics	battery	computer	hacking	privacy	technology	money			air force awards tablet pc project if you've ever had a portable computer shut down because the battery went dead, you should know the air force shares your problem. and it's trying to solve it, too.
4			privacy	technology	innovation	patent	blackberry	ios			blackberry maker's patent suit upheld a u.s. appeals court upheld a patent infringement finding against blackberry e mail device maker research in motion ltd. on tuesday, but struck down part of the ruling and sent it back to a lower court for further proceedings.
4			computer	statistics	privacy	technology	information	networking	computing			computerworld data points crm designed to further enhance the value of our special report, these powerpoint slides offer key data and statistics about the choices facing today's it decision makers regarding crm.
3			business	manufacturing	technology	loss	profit	industry			brambles profit down brambles industries today reported a 7 per cent decline in net profit to $ 306.6 million after taking slugs in writedowns and costs particularly from the restructure of its chep pallet business.
4			electronics	wired	network	ethernet	technology	wireless	networking	intel	linux			intel updates wireless chips, software intel corp. unveiled an update to its wireless networking technology thursday, adding simpler software, improved security and support for a more robust, less interference prone radio standard.
1			politics	election	violence	democracy	ireland	power	terrorism	belfast			sinn fin president gerry adams tonight gave his backing for a plan to revive power sharing in northern ireland. the party confirmed that at a meeting of senior sinn fin leaders in belfast, mr adams said
4			mobile	computer	device	java	mobility	nokia	computing	linux			amd introduces 64 bit mobile processor amd has launched the mobile amd athlon 64 processor, a low power version of its 32 64 bit chip aimed at the thin and light notebook market.
4			electronics	computer	manufacturing	hardware	software	technology	system	security			dell cuts prices on many corporate products while taking a back seat to software and security efforts, hardware is still a big time concern according to our survey. organizations are taking the opportunity to consolidate their environments as they replace
4			green	building	city	technology	energy	architecture	design			the greening of ground zero skyscrapers that power themselves through wind and solar energy collected on their roofs are named in the winning designs in a competition aimed at creating a greener modern city.
4			electronics	privacy	technology	trademark	invention	copyright	patent	infringement	industry			toshiba sues over patent infringement in the latest squabble over patents between japanese and south korean electronics giants, toshiba has sued hynix semiconductor's japan and u.s. units, alleging patent infringement in flash memory chips, key components in digital cameras and cell phones.
3			politics	business	technology	conway	bankruptcy	money			yankee group weighs in on conway firing the research firm says the new ceo, peoplesoft founder dave duffield, could rally the forces. by laurie sullivan. there 's plenty of speculation about peoplesoft inc.
4			cyber	computer	hacking	hacked	hacker	technology	internet	tech	security			computer experts vie in hacking contest armed with laptops, modems, hard disk drives and sandwiches, 12 computer experts hunkered down friday for a seven hour contest to find the best hacker in tech savvy singapore.
2			massachusetts	baseball	hockey	basketball	athletics	sport	boston	football	tennis			brockton mayor questions miaa brockton city officials, irritated by the logistical nightmare that plagued fans at both super bowl venues and questioning gate receipt totals for the six games, has taken aim at the massachusetts interscholastic athletic association.
4			industry	manufacturing	price	software	technology	copyright	innovation	pricing	linux			software as a service feels price pinch the worldwide services industry is undergoing a shift similar to what happened in manufacturing a generation ago, according to idc analyst marianne hedin.
1			politics	election	kerry	bush	mccain			bush, kerry looking for edge in debate running even just 20 days before the election, president bush and sen...
2			statistics	game	espn	sport	technology	football	strategy			thereview though electronic arts' madden nfl video games have always set the standard for how the game is played on the virtual field, this year's edition makes its biggest strides by incorporating what teams go through off it.
2			coaching	hockey	retirement	sport	football	player	canada	bob	leadership			nhl players stick together despite reality it was comforting to see bob goodenow hasn 't changed much in the seven weeks since the national hockey league began locking out its players.
4			network	mobility	ethernet	technology	siemens	nokia	wireless	telecommunication	networking	speed			siemens sets wireless speed record with ofdm german electronics manufacturer siemens has set what it claims to be the fastest ever wireless connection.
2			coaching	baseball	statistics	michigan	basketball	espn	sport	football	alabama	coach			big upsets shake up ap football poll for the first time this season, the associated press poll received a serious shake up just not at the top. big wins by auburn, georgia, california and purdue, combined with surprising losses by west virginia, ohio state and fresno state helped to overhaul the media poll released sunday.
4			privacy	technology	company	internet	advertising	google	money			dot coms get back in ipo game the successful bidders for google shares won't be the only ones watching eagerly to see how much the ipo excites the stock market. dozens of dot com companies are hoping that google's initial public offering marks a reawakening of all things internet.
4			wired	network	ethernet	technology	broadband	internet	wireless	networking	intel	linux			intel invests in new wireless venture hoping to accelerate the deployment of a new wireless technology, intel corp. announced monday it's invested in a venture started by billionaire craig mccaw to deliver high speed internet service over the airwaves.
2			australia	cycling	rugby	athletics	sport	race	competition	racing			new zealand dominate men 's triathlon to claim historic double new zealand triathletes created history today, after 33 year old hamish carter executed the perfect tactical race to win the men 's triathlon at vouliagmeni, holding off teammate bevan docherty, the fastest runner in the sport of
3			trading	investor	portfolio	investing	market	growth	finance	risk	competition	money			a small cap for any market the market may be stuck in neutral, but your portfolio doesn't have to be.
4			science	electronics	radio	radiation	alien	television	computer	technology			man's tv triggers satellite rescue system, fcc investigates in that classic movie, the day the earth stood still, the alien ambassador klaatu demonstrates detailed knowledge of modern earth history. how does he know all this, he is asked. we've been monitoring your radio broadcasts for a good many years. that's how we learned your languages. lately, we've been getting your television also, he said.
4			manufacturing	chip	technology	semiconductor	performance	manufacturer	patent	silicon	industry			sia: chip sales in line with historic trends new york, september 30 global semiconductor sales increased to $ 18.2 billion in august this year, representing 34.
4			device	mobility	india	technology	internet	patent	linux			amd introduces low cost net access device in india u.s. chip maker advanced micro devices inc. has introduced a low cost internet access device that could cost just a few hundred dollars, aimed at first time technology users in the developing world.
4			politics	computer	hacking	computing	technology	encryption	security			computer meltdown baffles the experts computer engineers were at a loss last night to explain why the government had been hit by arguably the worst electronic meltdown in the history of whitehall.
4			aviation	privacy	technology	broadband	internet	telecommunication	speed			us approves high flying broadband us domestic air travellers could be surfing the web by 2006 via government approved technology that allows people access to high speed internet connections while they fly.
4			ibm	computer	revenue	technology	growth	hp	patent	productivity	industry			update 5: hewlett packard income surges 27 percent record revenue growth across all of hewlett packard co. 's business units, particularly in its consumer electronics division, helped generate strong fourth quarter earnings for the computer giant.
2			baseball	shark	hockey	sport	football	disaster			uncharted territory jets players were already thinking ahead to their showdown in new england next weekend before theyd toweled off from their showers after dodging a major disaster sunday.
2			doping	olympic	olympics	athletics	sport	greece	athlete	swimming	cycling			greek sprinters withdrawals lift cloud over games greece 's top two sprinters pulled out of the olympics today after inflicting six days of embarrassment on their country over a hide and seek contest with anti doping enforcers.
4			mobile	network	technology	telecommunication	carrier	bt			vodafone upbeat as 3g takes off mobile phone giant vodafone doubles its dividend to shareholders after the successful launch of its 3g services.
4			mobile	electronics	itunes	music	privacy	technology			napster to enter mobile ringtone arena thanks two a partnership with dwango wireless; the new napster is prepared to enter the mobile technology realm. but this time, it 's not for illegal mp3s.
4			security	virus	computer	hacking	network	technology	encryption	networking	surveillance			net security threats growing fast more than 30,000 pcs per day are being recruited into secret networks that spread spam and viruses, a study shows. six months ago only 2,000 windows machines per day were being recruited into these so called bot nets.
2			coaching	baseball	syracuse	college	espn	basketball	sport	boston	football			hard feelings likely to linger parting with syracuse and the big east was such sweet sorrow for boston college after the 17th ranked eagles, playing their final game as a big east member, absorbed a ruinous 43 17 loss yesterday that prevented them from winning the conference title outright and clinching a bowl championship series berth.
4			product	hardware	software	technology	company	manufacturer	vendor	linux			novell, red hat, sun pledge support for amd's dual core chips amd nyse: amd says software vendors
1			politics	abortion	controversy	election	democrat	conservative	immigration	religion	republican			gingrich counters dems hide conservatives newt gingrich, rebutting criticism the gop is hiding conservatives during its convention, accused democrats monday of shunting anti abortion and conservative democrats to the side.
2			athens	game	olympics	basketball	athletics	sport	volleyball	football	greece			athens games halfway home free staggering traffic problems, nightmarish security concerns and incomplete construction of sports venues that would cause an embarrassment to the host country.
4			computer	privacy	storage	technology	marketing	migration	consumer	gateway	silicon	windows			gateway adds micro center to its distribution channel gateway has added another marquee name to the roster of retailers that sell its line of personal computers and other products: micro center. gateway's new line of notebooks, desktops and monitors are now available at the retailer's 20 stores nationwide, says a corporate statement.
2			mlb	baseball	nascar	television	espn	sport	football	broadcasting	gambling	money			xm satellite radio signs baseball deal washington's xm satellite radio holdings inc. plans to announce a deal worth as much as $ 650 million with major league baseball today that will enable the company to carry most regular and postseason games over the next several years beginning with opening day 2005, said a source familiar with the deal.
4			network	trend	technology	telecommunication	growth	competition	industry			nortel warns of weaker sales retreating from an upbeat forecast it made just last month, nortel networks corp. warned on thursday that third quarter sales will fall below second quarter levels and that its 2004 revenue growth rate will lag that of the telecoms equipment sector as a whole.
4			branding	tracking	biotechnology	technology	nfc	sensor	patent	tag	security			ibm, hp chasing tag technology the tech giants are injecting hundreds of millions of dollars into rfid technology, which aims to advance the tracking of items from ho hum bar codes to smart tags packed with data.
1			politics	success	management	power	strategy	leader	leadership	governance			cybersecurity and the question of leadership the success of the cybersecurity czar is more about the exercise of leadership than anything else, comptia policy chief roger cochetti says.
2			politics	baseball	soccer	sport	football	stadium	washington	softball	money			business community applauds baseball plan business leaders are applauding the dc council 's revised plan to build a stadium for the soon to be washington nationals. they say council chairman linda cropp 's amendments tuesday will help
2			coaching	baseball	hockey	soccer	basketball	sport	football	detroit	goal	talent			former aeros bite old teammates the aeros got a painful reminder of the prowess of a pair of their former teammates wednesday night. they saw two of their former players combine for a goal and two assists
4			software	privacy	microsoft	technology	marketing	strategy	innovation	windows			microsoft's improved media center still falls short microsoft's media center edition of windows xp a special layer of software designed to let people enjoy their digital photos, music and videos from across the room has to rank as one of the company's bigger disappointments in a while. all the money microsoft has thrown into promoting media center has yet to lend it any momentum in the market.
3			life	business	investing	marketing	strategy	money			robert bruss: six key questions to ask to become a superb realty ... whether you are a home buyer or seller, a rookie real estate agent dreaming of your first sale closing, or an old pro real estate investor or sales agent, we always
3			insurance	business	greed	profit	fraud	bankruptcy	competition	money	food			stale wonder bread? rancid revenues and restatements leave the bread and twinkies maker on the verge of bankruptcy.
4			ibm	application	manufacturing	technology	hp	patent	research	industry			hp deals to aid rfid push into retail, manufacturing hp is working with specialists bearingpoint and oatsystems on rfid for wal mart compliance and other retail implementation. meanwhile, the major ibm competitor is building domain knowledge about rfid in manufacturing.
1			politics	republican	money			lieberman shows no interest in cabinet democratic sen. joe lieberman said sunday he is not interested in becoming president bush's national intelligence director or homeland security chief, shooting down speculation he might be under consideration for those jobs.
4			nato	technology	defense	communication	telecommunication	information	security	industry			defense, it companies form standards group the five top us defense contractors, communications companies joined on tuesday with some european rivals to develop technology standards that will allow better communication among future weapons systems.
4			electronics	computer	chip	intel	technology	apple	pcs	silicon	computing	linux			intel cuts prices on laptop computer chips intel corp. cut prices on its chips for mobile computers by as much as 34 percent this week, a move that could lower pc prices from the likes of dell inc. and hewlett packard co.
1			politics	election	democracy	iran	corruption	iraq	candidate	terrorism	afghanistan			karzai becomes afghanistan 's first elected president afghanistan 's transitional leader hamid karzai has won the war shattered country 's first ever presidential election. the announcement came after a special panel endorsed the election results as free and fair.
4			linux	software	microsoft	technology	networking	vs	windows			piggyback developers in a bind over ie com october 7, 2004, 9:50 am pt. this fourth priority 's main focus has been improving or obtaining crm and erp software for the past year and a half.
4			electronics	flash	device	usb	storage	technology	memory	silicon	sony			spansion makes splash in flash amd quote, chart and fujitsu have embarked on a new line of advanced flash memory to address an explosion of consumer electronics products, the companies said tuesday.
4			lcd	price	technology	performance	pricing	industry			lcd prices fell more than expected in august large sized lcd panel pricing fell faster than expected last month, due to disappointing demand, rising supply and swelling inventories that created a near term headache for suppliers, but also paved the way for stronger sales during q4, according to
4			mobile	network	privacy	technology	wireless	networking	email	phone			at t wireless to offer phoneless messaging in a detour from the cellular industry's rush toward tricked out smart phones, at wireless services inc. may introduce a device that can't be used for voice calls. instead, it's designed specifically for e mail, short text messages and other forms of wireless chat.
1			politics	news	election	information	rs	media			em reg readers name bsa antipiracy weasel poll result the people have spoken
4			computer	hacking	privacy	technology	encryption	networking	security			another brick in the firewall aol's new 9.0 security edition seems intended to burnish the online service's reputation as the crossing guard of the internet, but that's a goal that this release can't quite achieve.
4			computer	pc	dell	manufacturing	technology	hp	pcs	linux			dell delivers help to small businesses pc maker will offer 24 hour help desk services, on site visits, and more.
4			cooperation	collaboration	privacy	technology	communication	innovation	networking	patent	education			inventor of the world wide web promotes future cooperation the inventor of the world wide web told a technology conference on wednesday that making the web more useful hinges on a familiar challenge: getting the players behind the technology to agree on standards governing how computers communicate with one another.
3			bankruptcy	competition	business	constellation			constellation makes $ 970 million offer for mondavi constellation brands inc. said tuesday that it had made an unsolicited $ 970 million offer for the robert mondavi corporation. mondavi said it would consider the
4			computer	hardware	usb	storage	technology	networking	speed	computing	linux			seagate ships 400gb drive hard drive manufacturer seagate technology is now shipping what it claims is the world 's largest capacity hard drive holding a whopping 400gb.
1			politics	america	election	computer	gaming	democracy	economics	strategy	money			video game review: 'political machine' political couch potatoes who can't get enough of the impending presidential election will find endless fun with the political machine.
2			boxing	baseball	argentina	soccer	athletics	sport	football	brazil	tennis			argentina wins first olympic gold for 52 years as the olympic games headed into the home straight, argentina won their first olympic gold medal in more than half a century when their soccer team beat paraguay saturday.
2			baseball	statistics	hockey	volleyball	athletics	sport	basketball	recruiting	football			middlebury poised to continue division 3 dominance middlebury has had a stranglehold on the nescac men's hockey championship since its inception five years ago. last year, the panthers won their fourth nescac title en route to their sixth ncaa division 3 championship. prolific scorer and national player of the year kevin cooper was the catalyst in middlebury's 27 win season, a school record.
1			politics	game	style	violence	gaming	chaos	strategy	tactic			new attitude: prince of persia the new melee combat engine of prince of persia: warrior within beefs up the action of the popular game series. but the dark and bloody style doesn't suit the franchise. by chris kohler.
2			doping	athletics	sport	greece	athlete	something			withdrawal for greek sprinters two of greece 's most famous athletes and their coach made their first public appearance here yesterday only to withdraw from the olympic games rather than face a panel charged with looking into a ...
4			electronics	music	technology	japan	multimedia	video	industry			evd aims expansion, partnership amid challenges the video compact disc vcd player was a spectacular breakthrough in the history of china 's electronics industry. the device, first invented by the chinese firm wanyan electronics
2			mobile	nintendo	game	gaming	sport	technology			mobile game market to boom, study says by 2009, games will account for about 4 percent of all wireless data revenue in the united states, in stat mdr predicts.
4			progress	technology	economics	company	growth	strategy	innovation	money			plato gets top grade the company gets a boost from its lightspan acquisition, but will future growth be slow?
4			hacking	privacy	technology	encryption	internet	telecommunication	email	security			defense dept. tests net phone calls on ipv6 next generation internet protocol inches forward, with signs of growing corporate demand.
3			business	wheel	technology	something	everything	money			it and business align around rules and patterns aligning technology and business what a concept. everyone is talking about it, but to put things in perspective, i imagine the day after the wheel was invented the wife of the inventor got sick and tired of watching her husband roll it down the hill all day. she probably said, cyxny, honey, why dont you make another one and put them on the cart?
2			practice	basketball	sport	football	training	competition			practice makes marbury near perfect no, not by hopping the next flight out of athens, which was what all the us men 's basketball players no doubt felt like doing after shooting bricks and playing like strangers in their miserable first week of the olympics.
3			job	ceo	intel	technology	company	growth	corporation	money	silicon	industry			intel sets upbeat tone on wall street u.s. shares are set to open higher on friday, buoyed by intel corp. after the world's largest chip maker raised its quarterly revenue target due to strong demand, but all eyes will be on jobs data before the opening.
4			manufacturing	trend	digital	change	technology	aging	growth	innovation	patent	industry			update 1: kodak sees digital expansion in future eastman kodak co., in the midst of its strengthening its position in digital imaging, wednesday said it now expects sales of digital products and services to increase by about 36 percent between 2003 and 2007.
4			windows	electronics	computer	mac	technology	apple	macintosh	computing	linux			apple's new imac computer is all display apple computer unveiled, after a two month delay, its new imac desktop computer on tuesday which integrates disk drives and processors into a flat display less than two inches thick.
4			product	business	software	solution	technology	customer	seo	security			finjan: warning users or scaring up business? antivirus firm warns of 10 holes in windows xp sp2. solution: buy the company's products.
3			business	network	ceo	sport	marketing	communication	networking			nortel names chief marketing officer nortel networks corp. named its first chief marketing officer on monday in keeping with the new initiatives announced last month by ceo william owens.
1			politics	election	government	democracy	privacy	washington	advertising	office	corporation	lobbying			realtors wield power of intimidating views in washington and in the state capitals, interest groups have long chosen to ring government buildings with their own offices as a display of their clout and determination.
2			coaching	baseball	safety	basketball	sport	football	performance	competition			sloppy pack still has enough to remain unbeaten raleigh the performance by the nc state men 's basketball team was the type that would leave training tables, gatorade coolers and coaches shirt collars in disarray in the postgame locker room.
1			politics	america	history			obama: not quite ready for history books on the eve of taking office, the most watched new arrival in the nation's capital says it's way too early to talk about his place in history.
3			share	investor	investment	investing	shareholder	stock	growth	finance			tsv holdings ipo closes tsv holdings ltd share offer closed oversubscribed and a week early following strong institutional and retail support. tsv holdings raised $ 6 million after offering 30 million shares at 20 cents each to investors
4			boeing	manufacturing	aviation	technology	defense	growth	strategy	aerospace	security	industry			general dynamics profit up 23 percent defense contractor general dynamics corp. gd on wednesday said third quarter earnings surged 23 percent, led by a rebound in its gulfstream business jet segment.
4			privacy	technology	company	communication	telecommunication	finance	patent	competition	money	industry			hutchison telecom sets ipo terms hutchison telecommunications international ltd. plans to sell 69.3 million american depositary shares at $ 12.67 to $ 14.67 apiece in its initial public offering, the company said monday in an amended regulatory filing.
2			baseball	basketball	soccer	sport	athletics	golf	football	softball			top ranked football team wins with flags, whistles the six men are co workers and friends, and they are passionate about football. on saturday and sunday mornings, they rendezvous and ride together to spend the day at football games.
4			desktop	linux	java	hardware	software	availability	computing	windows			novell launches its first branded linux desktop 9 novell has announced its latest linux offering for desktop computers. christened the novell linux desktop 9, the software will be the first novell branded linux desktop offering supplied by the company following
3			revenue	stock	bank	finance	profit	loss	competition	money	banking			wells fargo, u.s. bancorp profits rise wells fargo co. and u.s. bancorp , two of the largest u.s. banks, on tuesday both said third quarter profit rose 12 percent.
4			privacy	technology	microsoft	service	information	email	security	windows			u.k. government to extend three year contract with microsoft the u.k.'s office of government commerce is negotiating a renewal of a three year agreement with microsoft corp. that will focus on services and support.
3			revenue	technology	company	growth	google	money	earnings			google 's revenues spike, still short on profits internet search engine giant google inc. trumped analysts revenue forecasts in its first quarter as a public company, but still fell far short of the mark on earnings.
3			inflation	trade	sale	marketing	finance	retail	competition	money	recession	industry			wall street not buying retail's optimism top u.s. retailers reported double digit profit gains in the third quarter, with industry titan wal mart stores inc. leading the pack and brightening its outlook for the key holiday season underpinned by the recent drop in oil prices.
4			software	microsoft	technology	ip	cisco	patent	security	linux			cisco to buy p cube for about 200 million cisco systems inc. csco.o , the world's largest maker of equipment to direct traffic on the internet, on monday said it will buy privately held software developer p cube for about 200 million in cash and options.
4			windows	electronics	computer	technology	hp	patent	computing	industry			hp digital push aims for living room hewlett packard moved friday to erase memories of its recent disappointing quarterly results with a new push into consumer electronics that includes digital televisions, printers and the long awaited debut of its version of
4			computer	spy	surveillance	work	privacy	technology	espionage	security			mind those ims your cubicle's walls have ears as more firms install software to keep tabs on workers, start ups and heavy hitters alike spy an opportunity in surveillance products.
3			privatization	shell	management	shareholder	company	oil	bankruptcy	industry			shell is doing things by halves in going dutch royal dutch shells dual structure has been blamed for troubles ranging from poor management to dodgy oil reserve accountancy. so its decision to meet shareholder criticisms by unifying its two holding companies
1			politics	election	business	race	greed	finance	money			wolfensohn's chance at 3rd term unclear world bank president james d. wolfensohn would like to make one thing clear as he approaches the end of his second five year term: i can say categorically, i am not campaigning for a third stint as head of the agency, he declared.
1			election	abortion	politics	rather	conservative	political	reason			texas challenger links opponent to rather a texas congressional candidate has launched a television campaign ad linking his opponent to beleaguered cbs news anchor dan rather.
2			coaching	rating	baseball	basketball	athletics	sport	football	penalty	racism			redskins fined over red socks washington redskins running back clinton portis and safety sean taylor were fined $ 5,000 by the national football league for wearing red socks in sunday's game, a violation of the league's uniform rules.
4			electronics	computer	aviation	privacy	technology	aircraft	car	tech	flight	flying			edward c. baig: personal tech demomobile provide advance look at gadgets on the go sitting at the airport, you pull out a laptop or personal digital assistant and watch tv, delivered through wi fi. perhaps you'll grab an mp3 player instead, but rather than listen to downloaded tunes, you check out internet radio. or maybe you'll just make a call but thanks to the headset into which you are speaking, the person at the other end can make out your voice and not the blur of jet engines taking off at the same time.
3			business	technology	growth	profit	finance	competition	money	industry			ericsson warns on growth a predicted slowdown in future market growth has taken the shine off ericsson ab 's nasdaq: ericy message board impressive third quarter results today, sending its share price spiraling down see ericsson ups q3 profit .
3			business	investing	credit	debt	bank	finance	competition	money	banking			cit group posts higher 3q profit finance firm cit group inc. on thursday said more new business and improving credit quality drove a 24 percent climb in third quarter profit that beat wall street targets by a penny.
1			election	politics	australia	government	victoria	democracy	parliament	immigration	canada			australia: howard government returned, courtesy of labor the liberal national party coalition government led by prime minister john howard has been returned to office in australia in an election result that once again underlines the collapse of support
2			statistics	doping	olympics	athletics	sport	race	athlete	competition			usoc appeals on 2000 relay team 's behalf the us olympic committee has filed an appeal with the swiss based court of arbitration for sport cas to block a decision that would strip michael johnson and the rest of the us men 's 4x400 relay team members of their 2000 olympic gold medals because of
1			election	politics	result	democracy	voting	polling	candidate			poll blow for hong kong democrats hong kong's pro democracy parties are on course to net fewer seats than expected in legislative elections.
4			electronics	radio	biotechnology	technology	marketing	telecommunication	innovation			rfid 's impact on supply chains grows, execs say the impact radio frequency identification has throughout an entire supply chain is top of mind for a number of companies experimenting with the technology.
4			manufacturing	technology	money	finance	patent	competition	cost	industry			illinois tool won 't pursue linx after danaher offers more money illinois tool works inc. said it won 't proceed with its bid for uk based linx printing technologies plc after danaher corp. said it may offer 15 percent more for the company.
3			trading	trend	price	sale	market	stock	growth	earnings	industry			update 1: adm 's earnings skyrocket; stocks soars archer daniels midland co., the agribusiness giant, reported a 77 percent increase friday in its first quarter earnings, citing significant gains in oilseed and bioproducts processing and feed and ingredient sales and a major improvement in inventory
1			election	politics	beijing	taiwan	asia	democracy	china	candidate	strategy			china watch: hk democrats nearing path to beijing talks hong kong dow jones pro democracy parties look set to increase their seats in hong kong 's legislative council elections next month, a result that could finally pave the way for a direct dialogue with beijing.
4			electronics	computer	device	saving	car	technology	shopping	money	education			multifunction devices draw back to school crowd the consumer electronics gizmo that offers many functions in a small package is what's compelling back to school shoppers to open their wallets.
2			coaching	baseball	statistics	basketball	sport	recruiting	football	competition	money			miami 's loss is utah 's gain it has become the time of year when everything in college football is relative. your team has to win its games in order to move up in the bcs poll, or win its conference, or even just to qualify for a bowl bid.
4			windows	computer	pc	microsoft	technology	pcs	design	color			photo 1 of 2: end wood paneling and chrome dominate one of two sample designs for a new style of media center pc, commissioned by microsoft's ehome division from one co.
4			electronics	technology	semiconductor	samsung	silicon	intel	security	sony			samsung develops high capacity smart card chip samsung electronics co. ltd. has begun producing a smart card ic integrated circuit chip that the company claims contains a larger amount of erasable and programmable memory than those of competitors, it said in a statement on tuesday.
4			electronics	computer	pc	technology	computing	linux			pc maker bets on personal power san francisco today the idea of building a custom designed workstation computer in silicon valley seems quaint. in both engineering and scientific markets, inexpensive off the shelf systems, coupled with the
4			prototype	computer	technology	japan	machine	simulation	ibm	computing			ibm prototype overtakes earth simulator as world 's most powerful ... ibm yesterday announced that a prototype supercomputer had surpassed the computing power of the nec earth simulator in japan, currently the world 's most powerful machine.
3			debt	growth	finance	profit	bank	loss	competition	money	banking			wells fargo, u.s. bancorp profits rise wells fargo co. and u.s. bancorp , two of the largest u.s. banks, on tuesday both said third quarter profit rose 12 percent, helped by growth in consumer lending.
4			nintendo	computer	game	gaming	technology	innovation	tv			new portable dual screen system from nintendo has plenty of bells ... on sunday, the video game giant will introduce its latest innovation, the nintendo ds, or dual screen, which gaming fanatics around the globe have been dying to get their hands on.
1			politics	america	election	democracy	race	bush	racism			bush says he'll better protect nation on the road and on the airwaves, president bush is trying to paint this year's presidential race as a black and white decision for voters...
4			electronics	computer	software	technology	machine			dad, reluctantly upgrading to a modern 'machine' we had been talking about it for at least 10 years. i would say, dad, you really should buy a computer. nobody uses typewriters anymore.
1			politics	election	history	life	loss	mistake	money			losses and lessons for bush and kerry they lost at politics at an early age. since then, they've rarely made the same campaign mistakes twice.
1			politics	election	democracy	anarchy	freedom			anarchists' convention debates voting a group of anarchists is taking an unusual step to make its political voice heard going to the polls. anarchists generally pride themselves on their rejection of government and its authority...
4			linux	java	collaboration	software	technology	networking	ibm	security	industry			jboss aims high with enterprise middleware system open source vendor jboss inc. on monday plans to formally announce a stack of middleware software designed to make it more competitive with the sophisticated products sold by companies like ibm, bea systems inc.
3			business	java	oracle	bi	analytics	ai			oracle pushes on bi san francisco oracle corp. has unveiled business intelligence 10g, a stand alone product that executives said will provide query, reporting and analysis, dashboards, data integration and bi application development.
4			network	ethernet	technology	cisco	networking	availability	security	linux			cisco snaffles network monitoring firm cisco yesterday announced a deal to buy network monitoring firm netsolve for $ 11 per share or approximately $ 128m. the acquisition of netsolve, which is subject to stockholder and regulatory approvals, is expected to close in cisco 's q2 05.
4			statistics	trend	technology	performance	growth	strategy	finance	industry			focus: ericsson market share gains set to continue stockholm dow jones expectations for telefon ab lm ericsson 's ericy third quarter performance imply that while sales of mobile telephony equipment are expected to have dipped, the company
4			processor	mobility	hardware	technology	performance	speed	hp	intel	linux			amd announces amd athlon 64 4000, fx 55 amd intends to hold the performance crown for desktop processors with today 's introduction of the athlon 64 4000 2.4 ghz and fx 55 2.
4			hacking	network	ethernet	privacy	broadband	technology	internet	networking	linux			intel proposes internet transformation these new smart services could allow the internet to detect and warn of worm attacks on its own, dynamically re route network traffic to avoid delays, and improve video web casting, said intel
3			inflation	business	trend	technology	economics	growth	finance	recession	industry			business digest a closely watched gauge of future business activity fell in august for a third consecutive month, evidence that companies and consumers continue to navigate an uncertain economic climate.
4			wireless	telecom	technology	nokia	broadband	telecommunication	patent	money	industry			motorola to cut 1,000 jobs telecommunications equipment maker motorola inc. said on tuesday that it would cut 1,000 jobs and take related charges of about 50 million to focus on its wireless business.
2			baseball	cardinal	fan	sport	football			his father made him a cardinals fan forever all these years i have been around sports, and i still don 't really understand how a person becomes a fan. and i ma fan of the st.
4			network	connectivity	ethernet	wireless	technology	internet	broadband	telecommunication	networking			cisco to open r center in japan the networking vendor will focus on developing new internet technologies for one of the world 's leading broadband markets. by paul travis.
1			election	politics	campaign	rule	fraud	lobbying	ethics			fec is left in limbo by ruling us district court judge colleen kollar kotelly has struck down 15 federal election commission fec regulations governing activities ranging from political coordination to state party fundraising, throwing candidates and election lawyers into confusion 43
4			electronics	noise	computer	philip	music	technology	performance	video	sony			philips' athletic mp3 player hits the track monitors performance to the sound of em chariots of fire
4			developer	manager	software	management	technology	system	development	strategy	productivity	windows			visual studio aims at structuring the software development process visual studio 2005 team system will try to include features that make it more likely that what the developers know in their hearts also is visible to managers.
4			battery	computer	flash	device	memory	usb	storage	technology	samsung			samsung introduces tiny flash memory cards com. samsung electronics co. ltd. announced a line of flash memory cards that are smaller than a thumbnail, as the firm said it had defeated the nagging problem of high power consumption.
3			animation	disney	marketing	company	entertainment	growth	industry			disney's not goofy the entertainment giant wraps up a successful fiscal year and sets the course for consistent growth.
4			electronics	handheld	computer	device	technology	robot	gun	tool			police turn forensic skills on handhelds a federal agency examines forensic tools to help law enforcement extract data from handheld gadgets.
4			flash	intel	storage	technology	performance	apple	memory	silicon	linux			intel climbs flash rankings as market dips aggressive marketing and pricing helps intel climb back out of flash memory hole, but marketwide flash revenue declined.
4			linux	revenue	software	technology	oracle	finance	patent	reliability	industry			peoplesoft says 3rd qtr license revenue tops oracle 's peoplesoft inc., which is fighting a takeover bid from oracle corp., said revenue from new software licenses this quarter has exceeded oracle 's sales of the same kind of products in its most recent period.
4			virus	computer	software	technology	vaccine	hiv	linux			hp to launch virus throttling software san francisco hewlett packard plans to give customers a new weapon against viruses: software that crimps their spread. early next year, the computer maker will begin selling software designed to slow the
4			windows	xp	hardware	technology	microsoft	strategy	security	linux			stumbling over sp2 cnet 's mike ricciuti says microsoft has no choice but to get the windows xp update on solid footing and soon.
4			computer	india	technology	performance	networking	ibm	silicon	intel	linux			ati xpress 200 review anandtech have slapped up a great feature and review on ati 's new chipset for amd processors, which seems to give nvidia a run for their money.
3			income	product	revenue	trend	sale	marketing	company	growth	earnings	industry			tuesday morning lowers 2004 guidance home accessories and gift retailer tuesday morning corp. on monday lowered its 2004 earnings guidance and forecast fourth quarter results below wall street expectations on lower than expected seasonal sales.
2			coaching	team	basketball	recruiting	defense	player	coach	depth	talent			can warriors be memphis west? 10 man rotation a possibility la jolla , san diego county fittingly, a team expected to rely on its depth has plenty of backup when discussing its depth. vice president chris mullin, general manager rod higgins and assistant coach mario
1			politics	election	israel	violence	democracy	war	peace	iraq	conflict	terrorism			bush cites opening for peace, leadership president bush offered a powerful incentive to palestinians yesterday to rally behind a moderate leadership, signaling the promise of us reengagement and a new opening for peace following palestinian leader yasser arafat's death.
4			computer	itunes	ipod	music	technology			how to use multiple ipods with one apple mac or microsoft windows ... do you want to use more than one ipod with the same computer? there are a couple of different ways you can do it. apple has posted an article about how to do so.
4			computer	dell	computing	software	technology	networking	availability	email	security	linux			penguin computing launches cluster in a box armed with a new form factor and its clustering management software, penguin computing on wednesday launched an aggressively priced linux based blade server targeted at the lower end of the market a market recently entered into by dell computer.
3			buying	business	sale	mall	marketing	shopping	retail	fashion	money			online shopping increases, malls and stores report ok sales minneapolis wcco were you part of the shopping opener this weekend? malls and department stores report sales were not spectacular.
4			processor	computer	hardware	intel	technology	performance	speed	computing	linux			intel bumps up the speed of fastest centrino intel added a faster pentium m processor speed grade to its centrino chip set bundle for laptops onn wednesday oct. 20 . the pentium m 765 runs at 2.1 ghz, packs 2 mbytes of level 2 cache, and uses intel 's
4			pc	computer	gaming	software	technology	microsoft	pcs	computing	windows			digital home edges nearer the much discussed convergence of computers and home entertainment took a big step toward fruition with an october 12 announcement by microsoft corporation.
4			application	network	connectivity	collaboration	system	networking	security	linux			network physics adds to management line network physics has introduced a new distributed architecture for its network management and performance line aimed at helping enterprises ensure the integrity and security of the entire applications infrastructure.
4			electronics	lcd	sony	device	technology	display	screen	color			sony to mass produce flattest screens sony will begin mass production of full colour organic light emitting diode oled displays next year. it is considering using the technology across a range of the company 's portable devices with screen sizes up to 10in 25cm .
4			electronics	radar	laser	aviation	technology	weapon	aerospace			airborne laser used in first test in a step toward creation of a weapon to shoot down ballistic missiles, a laser designed to be mounted in a jet was test fired for the first time at edwards air force base.
4			arm	manufacturing	technology	semiconductor	patent	silicon	security	industry			arm shares fall 18pc after us acquisition arm holdings shares slumped 18pc yesterday after the semiconductor designer unveiled a surprise cash and shares deal to buy us technology firm artisan components.
2			overtime	baseball	hockey	ice	nhl	espn	sport	football	skating			nhl: pucks iced the national hockey league shut down at midnight wednesday night, locking out players from training camps and signaling that owners are willing to cancel the
4			electronics	battery	electricity	linux	technology	energy	industry			fuel cell ups power tenfold the much touted fuel cell technology has got a reprieve from being written off. japanese companies, network operator ntt docomo and manufacturer fujitsu are reported to have co developed a fuel cell recharger for docomo 's foma family of 3g handsets.
4			computer	business	technology	economics	commerce	innovation	networking	money	computing			'lord of rings' supercomputer turns to commerce a supercomputer used to generate the special effects for the lord of the rings movie trilogy is turning to commerce, offering its power to commercial customers worldwide, backers said thursday. ranked 80th among the world's top 500 powerful computers, it can perform 2.8 trillion calculations per second, said eric pilon, a spokesman for the new zealand supercomputing center...
1			election	politics	democracy	kabul	iran	iraq	candidate	afghanistan			official campaign opens in afghan presidential poll the official month long campaign for afghanistan's first ever direct presidential election opened on tuesday in what will be a major test of u.s. led nation building efforts since the 2001 ouster of the taliban.
4			statistics	computer	linux	europe	microsoft	technology	ibm	computing	industry			ibm aims for top 10 with new spanish supercomputer ibm and the spanish ministry of education and science introduced a supercomputer today that they hope will be the most powerful in europe, and among the 10 most powerful in the world.
4			computer	government	privacy	technology	information	fraud	money			it association slams government the information technology association of america itaa says the government 's get it right policy in regards to it contracts is total nonsense.
4			computer	software	technology	oracle	logic	bankruptcy	email	security	linux			peoplesoft fracas could spark software m a thursday 's pro oracle corp. decision on the us department of justice 's attempt to block oracle 's proposed takeover of peoplesoft inc.
4			mobile	technology	nokia	smartphone	telecommunication	phone	industry			cell phone sales keep booming nokia holds on to its no. 1 position, as new buyers and upgraders stoke demand for handsets.
4			mobile	electronics	battery	mobility	wireless	technology	car	phone			motorola to build cell phones into ski jackets motorola inc. said it will unveil plans this week for a line of outerwear that uses interactive cell phone and portable music technology in snowboarding jackets, in a bid to win over twentysomethings.
4			network	connectivity	ethernet	technology	cisco	networking	switch	security	linux			cisco targets smbs with voip friendly routers tomorrow cisco systems inc. will announce an upgrade to its small business and branch office line of routers, incorporating more processing speed and a raft of new features.
4			animal	genetics	biotechnology	technology	evolution	research	cancer			creator of dolly the sheep aims to clone human embryos according to geneticist ian wilmut, who used cloning to create dolly the sheep, we owe it to the people who suffer from motor neuron disease and are going to suffer from it in
4			progress	technology	microsoft	development	sun	windows			users see slow progress on microsoft sun alliance the progress report that microsoft corp. and sun microsystems inc. issued last week on their joint initiatives left some it managers and analysts wondering when or if the
2			cycling	game	doping	olympics	athletics	sport	athlete	paralympics	event			sprinters withdrawals lift cloud over games greece 's top two sprinters pulled out of the olympics on wednesday after inflicting six days of embarrassment on their country over a hide and seek contest with anti doping enforcers.
4			windows	electronics	computer	programming	privacy	technology	software	car	linux			programs: a checklist for tuning up your pc you change the oil in your car every 5,000 miles or so. you clean your house every week or two. your pc needs regular maintenance as well especially if you're using windows and you spend a lot of time on the internet.
2			pool	australia	athletics	sport	swimmer	swim	swimming			our swimming saviours a fast finish in the pool at athens has delivered australia 's best swimming medal haul since the 1956 melbourne games. a heroic butterfly leg from petria thomas in the women 's medley relay yesterday snared the team 's seventh and final gold medal.
1			politics	america	controversy	tom	race	money			daschle faces tough test in tight south dakota race south dakota truck driver mark monahan says he's had enough of tom daschle. so do top republicans who have made the u.s. senate's no. 1 democrat a bull's eye target for removal from the national scene.
1			politics	america	history	war	democracy	peace	power	terrorism	independence			antigua gets a piece of the action what are the odds that a tiny nation like antigua and barbuda could take on the united states in an international dispute and win?
4			graphic	mobility	hardware	storage	card	performance	networking	memory	linux			geforce 6200 announced nvidia today has announced the newest card in its geforce 6 line, the entry level geforce 6200. rounding out the geforce 6 family, the gf6200 contains the same feature set as its 6800 and
2			politics	baseball	history	hockey	sport	race	football	canada			argos wr andre rison seems a little underwhelmed by his cfl debut andre rison has been to five nfl pro bowls and owns a super bowl ring. so maybe that 's why he seemed a little underwhelmed by his cfl debut in a thrilling and bizarre 30 30 labour day tie between
3			insurance	business	retirement	strategy	money	security			check point beats forecasts in q3 check point ceo gil shwed, dressed in his usual black shirt and smiling as his custom, had every reason to be cheerful at yesterday 's press conference.
3			business	detail	technology	website	partnership	industry			eci conferencing services renews webex contract; adds enterprise ... wayne, nj business wire nov. 10, 2004 eci conferencing services, the largest, privately held full service audio and web conferencing provider, today announced it has renewed its partnership contract
1			election	politics	democracy	romania	lithuania	parliament	religion	opposition	party			opposition wins lithuania 's parliament elections the right win opposition conservative party and liberal center union won 43 seats in the 141 member lithuanian parliament, after more than 99 percent of the votes were counted
1			election	politics	democrat	democracy	gov	race	republican	georgia			loss of georgia seat for democrats could cost senate democrats' hopes of retaining a senate seat in georgia are fading fast and such a loss could deal a fatal blow to the party's chances of regaining control of the senate.
4			network	mobility	wireless	technology	communication	telecommunication	networking	merger			cingular completes at wireless merger new york, october 26 cingular wireless has completed its previously announced merger deal with at wireless services inc awe.
2			coaching	baseball	injury	retirement	sport	recruiting	football	leadership			givens and patten are on receiving end of praise with the injured deion branch and troy brown on the sidelines, it was time for david givens and david patten to step up.
4			mobile	electronics	television	music	technology	tv	video	consumer	media			europeans want portable music, not video survey only 13 per cent of europeans are interested in portable video players, according to a survey from jupiter research. the market research group surveyed 5,000 consumers in the uk, france, germany, italy, sweden
4			computer	game	gaming	technology	internet	strategy			online games could be next big thing, but not yet video games makers searching for the next big thing to pull in players at europe's biggest computer games fair hope to tempt more gamers to pit their wits against one other online as web technology improves.
4			technology	automation	mania	robot			domestic robot boom raises quest the united nations recently predicted that the use of robots around the home by consumers is set to surge sevenfold by 2007 as more and more people get robot mania, cbsnews.
3			income	inflation	business	investing	economics	growth	profit	finance	money	industry			lennar profit up 12 pct, shares fall home builder lennar corp. on monday reported a 12 percent rise in quarterly profit and raised its forecasts for the current and following year, citing a stable economy.
4			electronics	connectivity	ethernet	wireless	broadband	technology	cisco	networking	switch	reliability			3com challenges cisco to router duel the smaller gear maker claims that its new routers will cost 30 percent to 50 percent less than similar offerings from the market leader.
1			election	politics	beijing	democracy	china	polling	corruption	candidate	politician			hong kong politicians wrap up heated legislative campaign legislative candidates made their final appeals to voters saturday in a fiercely contested political showdown that could give pro democracy opposition figures the most clout they ve had since hong kong was returned to china.
3			business	ceo	mr	management	sale	marketing	advertising	pr			revolving door cindy k. andreotti, as mci 's president of enterprise sales, and seth d. blumenfeld, as head of international sales. robert d. mcteer jr.
3			ibm	business	ceo	china	technology	company	bankruptcy	patent	industry			ibm, lg winding down joint venture sources say the two companies will likely dissolve their 8 year old subsidiary sometime this year.
4			linux	technology	ip	blade	logistics	security	server			expanding isotrak becomes blade runner logistics support firm isotrak, whose customers include tesco and royal mail, has used blade servers to expand its computing capacity without enlarging its datacentres.
4			linux	collaboration	microsoft	technology	patent	research	industry			sun, microsoft to detail interoperability companies will demonstrate how their technology will work together.
2			baseball	money	sport	football			mcnabb culpepper other big match up tonight in the game hyped as a face off between elite wide receivers terrell owens and randy moss, the men throwing the ball their way tonight have a lot in common.
4			nasa	computer	technology	economics	patent	research	ai	computing	linux			panel urges more funding for us supercomputers a panel of leading computer scientists has warned in a report that unless the us government significantly increases support for advanced research on supercomputing, the united states will be unable to retain its lead on that technological front.
4			id	authentication	privacy	technology	encryption	ip	networking	patent	security			siemens inks deal with id software firm the european electronics giant will integrate oblix's access management software and web services security products.
3			business	cash	marketing	greed	profit	finance	money			factset knows cash flow as long as you keep customers happy, the subscription business can be a cash cow.
4			algorithms	computer	computing	hardware	technology	optimization	silicon	design	linux			japan designers shoot for supercomputer on a chip the mdgrape 3 chip will calculate faster than most supercomputers in existence, its creators say.
4			israel	technology	broadband	internet	telecommunication	networking	money	speed			race on to build fiber optic networks alvarion broadband services using fiber optic networks are expected to grow in the coming years with the race now on among companies to develop this technology, the chairman of israel's alvarion ltd. said on tuesday.
4			mobile	technology	smartphone	nokia	ios	phone			nokia launching 6670 business phone nokia unveiled a mobile phone for business users on thursday that incorporates a camera with a megapixel resolution, beefing up a patchy handset portfolio that has cost it market share.
4			electronics	computer	printer	printing	technology	power	book	brother	paper	color			brother introduces 4 new multifunction printers under us $ 200 brother has introduced four new multifunction printers, all under us $ 200. there are two sheet feeder models, the mfc 3240c and mfc 3340cn, and two flatbed models, the mfc 5440cn and mfc 5840cn.
2			doping	marathon	running	athletics	sport	race	football	athlete	cycling			guerrouj makes history in middle distance running in second last ... hicham el guerrouj passed kenenisa bekele of ethiopia with about 50 metres remaining in the 5,000 metre race saturday, making the morocco runner the first man in eight decades to sweep the middle distance races at the summer olympics.
4			industry	product	network	technology	storage	system	networking	availability	security	server			from sans to satas, storage vendors continue product march storage companies continued to demonstrate a wealth of new products and technologies wednesday at the storage networking world in orlando.
4			electronics	computer	itunes	ipod	music	technology	car			tunes, a hard drive and the shuffle command on music players like the ipod is supposed to be a truly random way of making your way through a vast music collection. but some owners are wondering whether the ipod has a mind of its own.
4			electronics	linux	manufacturing	chip	hardware	technology	apple	intel	industry			intel calls off development of tv chip intel has stopped development of a display chip for large screen television sets. the cancellation is yet another product setback this year for the world 's largest chipmaker, which has struggled with several product delays.
4			science	radiation	technology	power	scientist	energy	gas	space			moon gas could power your home: scientists the same gas used to blow up balloons could be mined from the moon 's surface and transported to earth to meet future energy demands, say us scientists.
4			statistics	computer	network	technology	health	computing	healthcare			computer grid to help the world through the world community grid, your computer could help address the world's health and social problems.
4			electronics	computer	device	hardware	technology	networking	pcs	computing	linux			mini supercomputers, power misers using low power chips, parallel processing and innovative architecture, orion multisystems introduces personal supercomputers that can plug into a wall socket.
3			business	email	company	oracle	customer	bankruptcy	surprise	security			oracle buyout gets mixed reviews from peoplesoft customers today's announcement of oracle's $ 10.3 billion buyout of peoplesoft inc. isn't drawing rave reviews from the installed based of customers about to be acquired in the deal.
1			politics	life	democracy	hope	freedom	money	fear			expos move in jeopardy baseballs response to washingtons lawmakers was strong, swift and ominous. or, as mayor anthony a. williams put it: the dream of 33 years is now once again close to dying.
4			network	connectivity	ethernet	mobility	broadband	technology	wireless	bandwidth	networking	speed			roadmap boosts bluetooth bandwidth a three year roadmap for bluetooth short range wireless technology will triple bandwidth and allow users to simultaneously multicast signals to seven others.
4			radiation	technology	quantum	energy	nasa	physics			raytheon buys photon research associates defense contractor raytheon co. said wednesday that it purchased privately held photon research associates inc., a provider of physics based modeling services for government customers.
4			technology	nokia	innovation	consumer	competition	money	phone	industry			nokia 's price cutting gets good reception mobile phone giant nokia has reported a drop in third quarter profits after cutting handset prices to win back market share, but said sales had picked up.
2			coaching	baseball	retirement	espn	basketball	sport	football	coach	nba	memphis			grizzlies name fratello as head coach the memphis grizzlies on thursday named mike fratello as the head coach, replacing hubie brown, who retired last week for health reasons, according to a nba tv report.
2			coaching	baseball	utah	basketball	sport	recruiting	football	byu			no. 14 utah defeats new mexico 28 7 quarterback alex smith ran for two touchdowns and steve savoy caught 11 passes for 150 yards in utah's 28 7 victory over new mexico on friday night.
4			network	mobility	ethernet	broadband	wireless	technology	networking	patent	intel			chipmaker claims 50 greater wi fi range chipmaker broadcom said monday that has released new technology that increases the range of 802.11g chipsets by as much as 50 percent.
4			rating	cable	television	network	privacy	technology	marketing	company	consumer	competition			cablevision captures customers few companies see their shares move solidly higher after posting a $ 63 million $ 0.22 quarterly loss, but that is exactly the reaction cablevision systems nyse: cvc received
4			desktop	device	gaming	technology	networking	gateway	intel	security	windows			gateway debuts cool new pc gateway released the specifications this week for a retail desktop pc based on a new motherboard design that should help cool high end processors and graphics cards.
4			electronics	computer	saving	technology	networking	money	email	education			pluggedin: multifunction devices draw back to school crowd the consumer electronics gizmo that offers many functions in a small package is what's compelling back to school shoppers to open their wallets.
2			coaching	baseball	history	senior	college	bc	basketball	sport	football	canada			bc seniors eye irish sweepstakes there was a time when beating holy cross made the season for boston college. those who remember that era never dreamed there would be a bc senior class with a chance to sweep four games from national power notre dame.
4			wired	network	wireless	broadband	technology	networking	patent	intel	industry			intel, at t in tie up for voice, data, wireless intel corp. and at t corp. have signed a research and product development agreement covering internet telephone technology, high speed wireless broadband and combination voice data devices for businesses, the companies said on thursday.
4			life	progress	technology	evolution	time			half life 2 released yes, we d barely believe it either if we hadn 't seen it ourselves: half life 2 is here. more than six years in development, more than a year dramatically in the public eye, weathering delays
3			politics	family	business	conrad	wealth	money			conrad black 's troubles conrad black has had one of canada 's most colourful business careers. but his fortunes have taken a tumble in the last 18 months.
3			coal	ge	business	manufacturing	company	growth	energy	corporation	industry			ge sees 2005 eps growth of 10 15 percent general electric co. expects earnings per share to grow between 10 percent and 15 percent in 2005, boosted by strong energy and financial businesses, the diversified manufacturing and services company said on tuesday.
2			coaching	baseball	basketball	sport	football	nba			searing suns torch cavs suns managing owner robert sarver keeps finding out just how much suns chairman jerry colangelo knows about basketball. before the season, when phoenix was a borderline playoff team at best to many, colangelo
2			boxing	baseball	statistics	espn	basketball	sport	football	nba	money			clippers brand suspended one game new york, ny sports network los angeles clippers forward elton brand was suspended tuesday for one game by the nba for shoving charlotte 's emeka okafor during the fourth quarter of monday night 's game.
2			baseball	israel	olympics	judo	athletics	sport	basketball	athlete	maccabi			fridman gives israel first ever gold medal israel picked up its first ever gold medal at the olympics on wednesday when windsurfer gal fridman won the men 's mistral.
1			election	america	politics	history	florida	democracy	voting	voter	georgia			early voters turn out in florida with memories of 2000 and its bitter fight over ballots still fresh, citizens began casting votes monday in this pivotal battleground state...
1			election	indonesia	president	politics	democracy	corruption	iran	power	terrorism			in the news indonesia 's presidential election susilo bambang yudhoyono is expected to become the next president of indonesia. with most ballots counted, the former military chief and security minister has a wide lead over president megawati sukarnoputri.
4			computer	hacking	hardware	programming	software	technology	networking	patent	linux			via gives away disc scrubbing software taiwanese chipmaker dangles open source software lure to attract programmer interest.
4			linux	java	software	technology	evolution	development	sun	security	windows			sun to roll out free solaris os hoping to attract developers and customers, sun microsystems will announce its next generating operating system will be offered for free. the company spent roughly $ 500 million and years of development time on the software.
3			share	cox	acquisition	investor	shareholder	company	ownership	bankruptcy	corporation	merger			cox family to take cable giant private the family that controls cable giant cox communications inc. nyse: cox will take the company private after raising its offer to buy out shareholders to $ 8.
2			baseball	sport	football	drug	cancer			bush urges baseball to address ... serious problem of steroids white house president bush is joining the chorus of those who want major league baseball to crack down on steroid use. press secretary scott mcclellan says the president is calling on baseball players and owners to address this serious problem.
2			baseball	violence	gaming	fan	basketball	sport	football	player	entertainment			players, fans face charges in nba brawl description: criminal charges are filed against five indiana pacers players and seven detroit pistons fans for their roles in a violent melee at an nba game last month.
4			wired	network	ethernet	technology	wireless	internet	broadband	networking	intel	linux			intel, wireless pioneer mccaw team up on wimax san francisco intel and cell phone pioneer craig mccaw 's latest company, clearwire, plan to develop and install high speed networks based on broadband technology commonly referred to as wimax.
2			baseball	hockey	nhl	sport	football	canada			junior hockey league bans david frost from games after incident in ... david frost, the agent for jailed former nhl player mike danton, has been banned from attending all future games and events of central jr.
1			politics	diplomacy	israel	violence	democracy	war	peace	terrorism			dim prospects for peace with public attention focused elsewhere, the bush administration is letting middle east peace hopes disappear. israelis rightly complain that peace requires a partner, a role that yasser arafat has been pathetically incapable of filling so far.
4			computer	hacking	violence	technology	terrorism	tactic	weapon	tool			hi tech tools fuel phishing boom reports suggest phishing gangs are turning to automatic tools to mount more attacks than ever.
3			business	loyalty	love	revenge	greed	money			viewing the customer with spite it makes no sense, but when a huge, faceless corporation rejects you, it still hurts.
4			electronics	computer	electricity	ethernet	hardware	power	networking	linux			amd providing update for opteron processor amd uses a technology called powernow to control power supply to the processor depending upon how much of the processing power is being used.
3			product	store	trade	manufacturing	ceo	business	sale	management	marketing	ft			office depot removes chief after sales drop office depot inc., the world 's no. 2 office supplies retailer, removed its chairman and chief executive, bruce nelson, after sales declined at its older stores in 14 of the past 16 quarters.
1			politics	america	election	democracy	people	washington	convention	money	security			convention protesters eager to begin jason flores williams may despise president bush, but he can't wait for him and his party to get here.
1			politics	election	democracy	polling	iran	iraq	candidate	electoral	registration			iraq voter registration begins in a step towards landmark elections in iraq, registering of voters and potential candidates has begun despite the latest violence, which claimed the life of baghdad 's deputy governor.
1			politics	election	violence	democracy	war	iran	iraq	conflict	afghanistan	terrorism			new u.s. offensive could backfire in iraq fierce guerrilla attacks in iraq and u.s. assaults on rebel bastions have unleashed a new wave of bloodshed that threatens to discredit the interim government and undermine prospects for fair elections in january.
2			baseball	statistics	sutton	sport	football	play	tennis			lynnfield and sutton share title sutton couldn't snap lynnfield's unbeaten streak, but it did force the defending division 3 champion to share its crown, forging a soggy 1 1 tie last night at john f. coughlin field at worcester state. after 100 minutes of soccer 80 minutes of regulation play and two 10 minute extra sessions the teams were still deadlocked and by ...
4			electronics	computer	manufacturing	chip	technology	performance	semiconductor	silicon	industry			chip stocks still rally despite warning shares of semiconductor stocks continued to bounce back friday despite another round of profit warnings from chip makers predicting third quarter sales won 't live up to previous expectations.
4			network	wireless	technology	internet	broadband	networking	email			netgear, vonage gear up for voip over wi fi vonage and netgear have teamed up to develop broadband telephony products due in time for the holidays, according to sources familiar with the deal.
2			racing	statistics	australia	athletics	sport	race	athlete	iaaf	cycling			capital professor lands lead role with uk athletics edinburgh university professor dave collins was today appointed as the new performance director of uk athletics. the ex royal marine, who has worked with competitors across a range of sports in the capital
3			politics	industry	trade	business	marketing	corporation	competition	money	labor	leadership			special interests woo powerful at rnc it's party time for trade associations, companies and interest groups at the gop convention in new york, and each is trying to outdo the next in gimmicks to lure in movers and shakers.
3			business	investor	investing	option	stock	finance	pricing	bankruptcy	competition	money			update 2: charles schwab cuts online commissions slumping stock broker charles schwab corp. is cutting its online prices for all customers, hoping to lure back bargain minded investors alienated by the higher fees the company has imposed in recent years.
2			coaching	baseball	florida	retirement	basketball	sport	recruiting	golf	football	coach			holtz is retiring, and spurrier will take over job south carolina coach lou holtz will retire at the end of the football season, opening the way for steve spurrier, the former florida coach, to take the job.
4			electronics	computer	dell	linux	software	networking	pcs	server			dell talks home economics and more look for more consumer electronics products and services from the pc behemoth. also: suse linux for dell servers.
2			coaching	baseball	life	college	sport	recruiting	football	morale			air force, navy to play in iraq war shadow hype from the media, fans, players and coaches can make a college football game seem like a life or death situation. not at the service academies.
4			product	electronics	nintendo	game	gaming	technology	marketing	toy	industry			video game giants roll out products nintendo co. and sony corp. made separate product announcements tuesday that the video game giants hope will attract more customers ahead of the highly competitive holiday shopping season.
4			virus	hacking	software	privacy	technology	encryption	security	linux			mcafee beefs up virusscan security updated antivirus software for businesses adds intrusion prevention features.
4			computer	linux	technology	microsoft	hp	networking	ibm	intel	computing	server			hp faces new realities in a 64 bit world the company this week will unveil more programs and technologies designed to ease users of its high end servers onto its integrity line, which uses intel's 64 bit itanium processor.
3			revenue	manufacturing	technology	finance	profit	patent	money	industry			hynix profit soars, forecasts better fourth quarter hynix semiconductor inc., the world 's second largest maker of computer memory chips, said profit quadrupled in the third quarter and will rise in the current period on increased demand for its products.
3			business	economics	restructuring	bank	strategy	finance	research	money	banking			csfb, winterthur in focus in credit suisse overhaul credit suisse quote, profile, research is set for a dramatic overhaul when chief executive oswald gruebel unveils a long awaited plan next week to beat
3			investor	investment	investing	growth	finance	capital			venture investing dives 57 in ne venture capital investing, a key barometer of the entreprenerial economy, unexpectedly tumbled 26 percent to 4.3 billion nationally in the third quarter, from
3			investor	trend	market	growth	finance	profit	bank	money	earnings	banking			bmo to lead off banks quarterly results reports canada 's major banks begin reporting third quarter earnings this week and analysts will be looking to see whether they can repeat the strong showing from the second quarter.
1			politics	election	congress	strategy	washington	republican			summary: bush has full agenda for january first on tap: president bush was meeting monday with nine new senators and 41 new representatives joining the 109th congress in a session that a spokesman said was aimed at coming together.
4			security	java	software	technology	database	ibm	computing	linux			technology ; sybase partners with ibm to sell database software sybase will have an opportunity to increase database software sales by teaming up with big blue, which has made a big push into linux in recent years.
4			television	network	ethernet	technology	wireless	networking	tv	video			toshiba tinkers with wi fi for tv the 802.11a offshoot will allow tvs and other non pc devices to receive video files more easily.
4			boeing	manufacturing	technology	growth	ft	semiconductor	silicon	industry			fairchild sales not as bad as had thought fairchild semiconductor international inc. on wednesday said it now expects fourth quarter sales to be down about 5 percent from the third quarter, compared with its previous forecast for a drop of 5 percent to 10 percent.
4			mobility	hardware	technology	power	performance	energy	hp	speed	linux			the dual 2.5 ghz power mac g5: unadulterated power the fastest power mac yet may still be hard to find in stores, but online news editor ken mingis finds that if you really need speed, you won't be disappointed.
3			diabetes	statistics	business	ceo	management	investing	finance	health	money	healthcare			healhsouth names john workman its cfo manufacturing executive john workman was named chief financial officer of healthsouth corp. on tuesday, replacing an interim executive who helped the rehabilitation giant avoid bankruptcy after a massive accounting scandal.
4			electronics	battery	computer	device	usb	technology	storage	nokia	linux			palmone 's new tungsten t5 pda nearly doubling the industry 's current handheld storage maximum, palmone today introduced the tungsten tm t5 handheld with 256mb of flash memory.
1			election	politics	labour	democracy	race	corruption	power	fraud			election there to be won , says howard mr howard has dismissed claims his party needed a miracle to seize power from labour. and today he said the tories could win the election.
4			mobile	security	computer	business	network	technology	microsoft	nokia	phone			two more top nokia execs exit nokia said on friday the head of its networks unit had resigned and another top networks executive left, in the second major shake up of top management in two weeks at the world's top mobile phone maker.
4			israel	technology	media	content	video	industry			radvision gets deal for partner's 3g video trial israel's radvision said on monday its video services platform has been chosen by mobile phone operator partner communications as a core part of its third generation video services trial.
3			politics	business	shell	japan	corporate	oil	corporation	diving	industry			shell stuns city with revamp anglo dutch giant shell stunned the city today by unveiling plans to scrap its century old corporate structure and create one company, one board and one chief executive.
1			politics	war	timing	iraq	strategy	security			the tide is turning... whilst some may claim that the british are staunch allies of the united states depite being having clearly different agendas on the world stage , the recent request made to britain for additional support, namely 600 troops from black watch to be moved north to baghdad to help out the 130,000 us troops who want to move upto fallujah, is being met by the british parliament with what we might politely call some hostility. as the honourable member for morecambe and lunesdale yes, it is as grim as it sounds , geraldine smith asks: i'm concerned about the timing. we've been asked by the americans two weeks before their election to cover for their troops. is this a ploy to allow bush not to send more troops? if we made a decision to send troops tomorrow, it looks like we are stepping in to help out the president.
2			controversy	violence	sport	nfl	football			dungy entitled to be offended by mnf intro before putting towelgate to rest, it 's important to revisit some of the specifics of what colts coach tony dungy said about the terrell owens nicollette sheridan skit at the beginning of monday night football.
4			industry	product	linux	business	software	technology	tool	security	windows			tibco scoops up software company the purchase of privately held general interface puts middleware specialist tibco in the software development tool market.
2			coaching	baseball	hockey	retirement	sport	football	training	skating			nhl owners, union to meet next week jocelyn thibault and the handful of his blackhawks teammates still in town waiting out the lockout have stepped up their workouts recently just in case there 's a season.
4			electronics	dell	computer	mobility	technology	smartphone	nokia	hp	linux			dell launches axim x50 and x50v dell has upgraded its x30 with the x50 range of handhelds with three new models. the new axim handheld computers offer intel xscale processors up to 624mhz, integrated wi fi 802.
4			phone	mobile	mobility	technology	security			sony ericsson cingular wireless introduce z500a mobile phone ... sony ericsson and cingular provide z500a phones and service for military families to stay connected on today 's dr. phil show .
1			politics	election	war	democracy	peace	option	iraq	strategy	terrorism			options running out as najaf talks collapse after more than a week of fighting between the mahdi army and the combined us and iraqi forces in najaf, baghdad's sadr city, and a half dozen other cities, analysts say neither interim prime minister iyad allawi nor radical cleric moqtada al sadr had any good options left other than to talk.
4			cyber	hacking	safety	privacy	technology	vulnerability	internet	encryption	security			insecurity begins at home spyware is rife and virus infection commonplace yet many home users reckon they are safe from online threats. an aol national cyber security alliance ncsa online safety study conducted by technical experts
4			battery	flash	device	usb	technology	storage	linux			revamped tungsten hangs on to data new palmone handheld doubles as flash drive and retains data even when the battery runs down.
4			electronics	computer	car	technology	kid	math	teenager			new computer is created just for teenagers this isn't your typical, humdrum, slate colored computer. not only is the pc known as the hip e almost all white, but its screen and keyboard are framed in fuzzy pink fur. or a leopard skin design. or a graffiti themed pattern.
4			computer	software	privacy	technology	encryption	finance	patent	security	linux			symantec agrees to buy veritas software computer security giant symantec corp. is buying storage and backup program maker veritas software corp. in a 13.5 billion deal that will create the world's fourth largest software company.
2			politics	doping	olympics	sport	football	scandal	greece			greek stars fan scandal 's flames by withdrawing on a day on which both greece and the olympics celebrated themselves by returning the games to their ancient home in olympia, two popular greek athletes withdrew from the track and field competition amid a scandal befitting that ...
4			mobile	app	technology	ip	telecommunication	networking			at cell phone brand will live on the enterprise customers doing cell phone business with the confusing mix of at wireless, cingular wireless, and at now have a future roadmap, after the three companies
4			computer	hacking	privacy	technology	internet	risk	online	security			americans 'misjudge online risks' some us computer users vastly under estimate the dangers of going online, a survey shows.
3			investor	ceo	shareholder	oracle	company	email	industry			valuations seen intact for oracle, peoplesoft s p equity research maintained ratings for peoplesoft nasdaq: psft news people and oracle nasdaq: orcl news people . on saturday, 61 of peoplesoft shareholders tendered their stock in favor of oracle 's offer of $ 24 a share for the company.
4			processor	chip	hardware	intel	technology	performance	architecture	memory	silicon	linux			dual core chips shift performance focus with the race for dominance in processor clock speed over, or at least waning, the pursuit for overall performance gains through architectural enhancements is officially beginning.
2			coaching	baseball	recovery	basketball	sport	football	loss	money			loss of teams, but not power jay wright has heard this before. the villanova coach is in his third season at the wildcats helm, and this is the third time he 's heard that the big east is in decline.
4			stealth	network	ethernet	technology	wireless	sensor	networking	security			zigbee clears ratification hurdle intelligent sensor networks moved a little closer to commercial deployment on tuesday with the ratification of zigbee. zigbee is a short range, very low power wireless technology.
2			baseball	basketball	soccer	sport	race	recruiting	football	wrestling			rapper snoop dogg works out with top ranked trojans rap artist snoop dogg donned football gloves and a red university of southern california sweat suit tuesday to run through drills with the top ranked trojans football team.
2			coaching	baseball	retirement	basketball	sport	football	retire	retiring	nba			pippen calls it quits scottie pippen, one of the members of the legendary chicago bulls team which scooped six nba titles in the 1990s, announced his retirement today.
4			linux	software	technology	nokia	microsoft	security	windows			avis europe is latest to get stung by it avis europe plc has dumped a new erp system based on software from peoplesoft inc. before it was even rolled out, citing substantial delays and higher than expected costs.
1			politics	climate	environment	science	democracy	terrorism	action	change			action over global warming demanded the government 's chief scientist has warned the world must act fast to combat global warming or face the dire consequences. professor sir david king said climate change cannot be avoided and that action is affordable, inaction is not .
1			politics	election	beijing	taiwan	democrat	democracy	china	talk	corruption	russia			china invites moderate democrats to meetings paper china has invited four newly elected pro democracy lawmakers for talks in a conciliatory gesture after weekend legislative elections, the south china morning post reported on thursday.
2			baseball	game	patriot	sport	football			already 3 0, they are hard to contend with ok, so now the patriots are 3 0 on this exhib , no, wait, these games actually count , don't they?
4			electronics	computer	music	technology	car	hip	kid	drug			it 's hip, it 's funky, it 's a pc made just for teens it is not your typical, humdrum, slate coloured computer. not only is the pc known as the hip e almost all white, but its screen and keyboard are framed in fuzzy pink fur. or a leopard skin design. or a graffiti themed pattern.
4			network	mobility	wireless	nokia	technology	siemens	telecommunication	patent	phone			skype calls on siemens phones skype technologies is teaming with siemens to offer cordless phone users the ability to make internet telephony calls, in addition to traditional calls, from their handsets.
1			election	politics	democrat	congress	baghdad	democracy	iran	iraq			allawi warmly welcomed in congress but democrats air doubts when iraqi prime minister iyad allawi promised us lawmakers elections in iraq would be held on time in january, republicans roared and democrats politely clapped despite their doubts.
4			app	privacy	technology	microsoft	advertising	apple	ios	apps			novell sues microsoft for sinking wordperfect company says software giant excluded app from market, but microsoft says novell's mismanagement caused wordperfect to lose favor with consumers.
4			windows	pc	application	hardware	software	technology	microsoft	pcs	linux			next version of windows for pc 's to ship in 2006 icrosoft laid out its plan yesterday for shipping the next version of its windows operating system for personal computers in 2006, but to meet its timetable the company has scaled back its technological ambitions for the product.
2			baseball	sport	football	williams			williams takes off for jets julius williams is a well mannered student at east boston high school by day. once he steps into his phone booth and straps on his cleats and shoulder pads, he becomes a superhero to jets fans and a formidable foe to opponents. williams and the rest of the eastie squad grinded until there was no mud left in charlestown yesterday afternoon ...
4			computer	linux	unix	software	technology	distribution	security	reliability			linux sees big potential in small businesses linux is expected to make steady gains over the next few years on the desktop pcs of small businesses, according to a new report. the report, released on monday by the yankee group, says linux has minimal
2			controversy	baseball	television	espn	sport	football	wrestling	racism			abc sports apologizes for steamy intro to monday night football the network 's steamy intro to the philadelphia dallas game, featuring a naked nicollette sheridan jumping into the arms of eagles receiver terrell owens, drew complaints from viewers and the nfl.
4			electronics	computer	graphic	television	technology	display	japan	tv			hitachi, matsushita, toshiba in venture japan 's hitachi ltd., matsushita electric industrial co. and toshiba corp. struck a deal to jointly make displays for flat screen televisions, starting as early as july 2006, the companies said tuesday.
1			election	politics	australia	polling	race	immigration	religion	politician			australian pm hints he will not be around for another election australia's re elected prime minister john howard has hinted he might step aside during his fourth term in office following his latest election win.
1			election	politics	democrat	race	corruption	resigning	republican	resignation	woman			chairwoman of civil rights panel resigns mary frances berry, blunt spoken chairwoman of the u.s. civil rights commission, resigned tuesday after more than two decades of criticizing the governments, both democratic and republican, that she served.
2			coaching	baseball	injury	retirement	sport	recruiting	football	coach			gators fire zook two days after one of its most embarrassing losses in recent years, the university of florida has fired head football coach ron zook.
4			computer	linux	chip	intel	technology	apple	silicon	industry			intel stock up on positive 4q outlook intel corp. 's shares climbed nearly 6 percent friday after saying its fourth quarter sales are on track to break a company record because demand for the chips that
2			com	sport	music	real	reality	media			real merges its player, music services units realnetworks inc. is merging its realplayer and music services business units into a single group so that the teams can collaborate on developing new products and services, the company announced thursday.
1			politics	election	result	democracy	polling	poll	iran	iraq	afghanistan			seventeen political parties demand postponement of elections seventeen political parties on friday demanded postponement of the jan. 30 elections for at least six months until the government is capable of securing polling places.
4			pc	computer	linux	china	software	privacy	technology	microsoft	pcs	windows			think again? maybe with its relative distance from microsoft, lenovo will feel free to do what domestic pc makers don 't: aggressively make and market linux desktops and laptops.
4			processor	computer	manufacturing	chip	intel	technology	apple	semiconductor	silicon	linux			intel cuts prices in preparation for new product line intel is moving to reduce its chip inventory and make way for new products by deeply discounting some of its pentium 4 and itanium processors.
4			computer	pc	dell	hardware	technology	hp	pcs	computing	linux			dell extends lead in pcs com october 18, 2004, 4:57 pm pt. zdnet 's survey of it professionals in october kept upgrading hardware at number two on the businesses radar throughout the year.
4			business	network	collaboration	web	technology	company	analytics			new firm launches web services based collaborative platform cordys inc. announced a new web services based platform designed to create more efficient and collaborative business environments.
1			politics	election	nevada	voting	verification	voter	fraud	referendum	legitimacy			ohio provisional ballots seem legitimate the vast majority of provisional ballots cast in ohio were legitimate, say election officials who are poring over thousands of presidential election ballots.
4			electronics	battery	taiwan	manufacturing	china	technology	japan	innovation	consumer	industry			china 's consumer electronics market grows china 's consumer electronics market will grow by almost 90 percent to $ 94 billion by 2007 as manufacturers shift to high end digital products and away from more basic items like toys and watches, an industry publication forecasts.
4			mobile	network	mobility	wireless	nokia	technology	telecommunication	patent			ntt docomo, cingular to link in 3g cellphone business japan 's ntt docomo will join hands with cingular wireless of the united states, aiming to unify technical specifications for third generation 3g cellphones and services.
1			politics	democracy	corruption	iraq	power	religion	terrorism	money			al sadr's unclear motives muddle efforts what's clear about radical iraqi cleric muqtada al sadr is that he wants power, u.s. officials say. what's less certain is what he wants to do with that power or how far he'll go to get it.
4			mobile	device	wireless	technology	smartphone	nokia	ios	phone			product review: nokia 6820 wireless messaging handset the nokia nyse: nok 6820 is an ergonomically pleasing handheld device that integrates short text, multimedia and instant messaging capabilities with all of the features and functions that one normally would expect to find in a dedicated gsm gprs cellular phone.
3			share	business	shareholder	company	stock	growth	finance	corporation	money	earnings			general electric raises dividend, announces plans to buy back ... general electric co. raised its quarterly dividend by 10 per cent and launched a plan to buy back up to $ 15 billion us in shares over three years, as it projected double digit percentage earnings growth for 2005.
1			election	politics	president	government	democracy	cabinet	candidate	politician			indonesia prospective leader on hunt for ministers former general susilo bambang yudhoyono discussed presidential plans and a cabinet with visitors to his home on wednesday, even though he has yet to declare victory
4			computer	technology	storage	apple	networking	memory	security	linux			new file system constrains treo 650 storage capacity the change to flash memory from dram dynamic ram for palmone's new treo 650 smart phone appears to have had the unintended consequence of reducing the amount of memory that is actually available to users. as a result, palmone plans to offer a free 128mb expansion card to treo 650 purchasers to get around the problem, the company said monday.
1			politics	election	negotiation	democracy	rule	procedure	ethics			behind the scenes at eisner 's disney when michael eisner took the helm at the walt disney co. in 1984, he was so unschooled in boardroom etiquette that he sought out a copy of robert 's rules of order, the guide to parliamentary procedure.
1			politics	election	crime	violence	killing	kidnapping	conflict	terrorism			over 200 arrested in violence on pinochet coup anniversary in ... as many as 205 people were arrested in overnight unrest saturday on the anniversary of the 1973 coup that led augusto pinochet to power.
4			electronics	computer	device	chip	intel	technology	semiconductor	silicon	computing			intel delays digital tv chips intel 's lcos liquid crystal on silicon high definition television chips first unveiled at the consumer electronics show in january will not be released in time for next year 's show, as scheduled.
3			revenue	airline	aviation	loss	profit	competition	industry			british airways profits rise british airways plc said monday that net profit rose by 25.5 percent over the latest quarter and that passenger numbers also rose.
2			baseball	history	hockey	television	sport	football	money	racism			expos will always remember blue monday the montreal expos will always remember blue monday. one win from the world series, the expos were tied with the los angeles dodgers in the ninth inning. ace pitcher steve rogers was on the mound. olympic stadium was buzzing. and then, rick monday ruined it all.
2			basketball	sport	football	muscle	weapon	joe	money			pippen retires as one of game 's best, not one of its most loved he had a body straight out of an nba laboratory and a face like a peruvian sun god. he was a versatile swiss army knife who could shoot, pass and run the floor.
4			cyber	hacking	safety	privacy	technology	vulnerability	risk	security			government panel says cybersecurity mandates not needed despite real threats and little sense of urgency by many company executives, now is not the time for the u.s. government to mandate cybersecurity standards to private industry, a panel of of government officials said.
2			mlb	baseball	radio	television	espn	sport	football	broadcasting	tv	competition			xm satellite in $ 650 million baseball deal xm satellite radio on wednesday said it signed a $ 650 million deal to broadcast major league baseball games for 11 years, countering a rival's moves to sign up high profile programing that will lure listeners to the new medium.
4			industry	chip	hardware	intel	technology	semiconductor	patent	silicon	linux			ati launches chipset for amd chips ati technologies, one of the two major gpu makers, has entered the chipset market segment for a boost in its sales revenue from other sources.
4			device	manufacturing	storage	technology	semiconductor	patent	silicon	security	industry			firm fears growth has had its chips annual growth in global semiconductor sales will probably fall by half in 2005 and memory chip sales growth could collapse as a supply glut saps prices, samsung electronics has warned.
4			electronics	computer	manufacturing	chip	technology	performance	semiconductor	silicon	industry			chip sales rise; inventories seen down global semiconductor sales rose 1.1 percent to 18.2 billion in august from the previous month and it appears as though chip inventories are declining, an industry trade group said on thursday.
4			network	privacy	technology	wireless	internet	broadband	telecommunication	speed			fcc insists broadband deployment improving u.s. communications regulators on thursday insisted the united states was making progress in rolling out high speed internet service, despite falling further behind other countries.
4			electronics	computer	technology	piracy	floppy	money	linux			floppy disk becoming relic of the past like the penny, the floppy drive is hardly worth the trouble, computer makers say.
4			electronics	computer	television	gaming	chip	technology	tv	phone			ti says chip will allow tv on cell phones texas instruments says it has developed a computer chip that will let television fans watch their favorite shows on cellular phones.
2			baseball	kurt	sport	work	race	josh	football			punter miller a return man this week for a guy about to play his former team for the first time since being let go during the offseason after eight years of quality service, josh miller shows no signs of reticence or resentment.
2			politics	america	baseball	history	athletics	sport	race			us finishes on right side of track when the last on track event of the xxviii olympiad ended last night with an american rout in the men's 4 x 400 meter relay, the symbolism seemed appropriate. there was 20 year old jeremy wariner, already a gold medal winner here, handing off to anchor darold williamson, wariner's 21 year old teammate from baylor university.
4			electronics	battery	computer	technology	car	toy	money	phone			deluxe handhelds try hard to justify the price when 100 buys a pocket sized gadget that can store decades' worth of appointments and addresses and 200 gets you one that also serves as a digital photo album and mp3 player why would anybody want to spend 400 or 500 on a new palm or pocket pc handheld?
4			electronics	computer	car	technology	innovation	hp	consumer	money	industry			hp moving deeper into consumer electronics arena personal computer giant hewlett packard is stepping deeper than ever into the consumer electronics arena with its fall product lineup o don 't be surprised if you hear
3			computer	business	ceo	technology	marketing	patent	email	security			ex veritas cto loads up on shares recently departed veritas software chief technology officer fred van den bosch has added to his holdings in the mountain view company's stock, at least for now.
3			insurance	revenue	saving	sale	marketing	finance	profit	money			update 1: rite aid earns $ 9.8m in second quarter rite aid corp. reported a second quarter profit of $ 9.8 million on thursday, citing better cash flows and a reduction in inventory expenses.
4			computer	graphic	manufacturing	technology	hp	patent	productivity	computing	printing			hp unveils an array of printing products multifunction devices, workgroup printers, and a new digital pen debut.
4			pc	computer	linux	hardware	microsoft	technology	pcs	security	windows			businesses keep q3 pc growth on track pc shipments have started to ease off, as expected, but the worldwide pc market remained fairly strong in the third quarter, according to research from idc and gartner inc. released monday.
3			politics	business	technology	book	entertainment	bankruptcy	marvel	corporation			marvel sues ncsoft over city of heroes when you hear the words comic books, two companies spring to mind: dc and marvel. despite having a checked history even declaring bankruptcy in the late 1990s marvel has become a financial powerhouse in the 21st century.
4			linux	microsoft	technology	performance	networking	ibm	intel	server			ibm announces dual core support new server is designed to run amd's upcoming opteron chips.
2			baseball	television	nbc	espn	sport	cbs	football	tv	fox			is this move by fox sly? college football made news yesterday with the announcement of a television deal. fox agreed to a four year deal with the bowl championship series excluding the rose bowl that won't begin for two years the end of the 2006 season .
4			cable	network	privacy	technology	broadband	internet	telecommunication	networking			public fiber tough to swallow cities that try to set up their own broadband networks are facing staunch opposition from cable and phone companies, who see publicly funded fiber optic networks as a threat to their own bottom line. by john gartner.
2			coaching	baseball	basketball	athletics	sport	football	georgetown	washington	maryland			hoyas seek league win georgetown is off to an 0 2 start in the patriot league and plays bucknell, which is playing its first conference game of the season.
2			coaching	espn	volleyball	conference	sport	boston	basketball	football	providence			friars are let off the hook by eagles top ranked boston college dominated the first two periods, but providence came on in the third and emerged with a 2 2 tie at schneider arena last night.
2			coaching	espn	basketball	sport	marketing	football	coach	competition	money			ncaa, nabc address college hoops issues it wasn't hard for college basketball coaches to get to know ncaa president myles brand. he went and met them.
3			statistics	revenue	trend	price	company	performance	finance	pricing	industry			texas instruments trims revenue estimates texas instruments inc. , the largest maker of chips for cell phones, trimmed its third quarter revenue outlook on wednesday as customers worked off inventories of unsold chips, making it the second major chip supplier to pare third quarter expectations.
3			computer	business	technology	strategy	bankruptcy	ibm	money	email	security			peoplesoft's knightly quest oracle may be breathing fire down its neck with an ongoing hostile takeover effort, but peoplesoft is trying to withstand the siege and stay independent. the business software company has struck a pact with ibm to woo customers and bolster its business, although there's plenty of debate over whether big blue will pull off a dramatic rescue.
4			order	manufacturing	technology	weapon	gun	security	industry			before the bell: taser climbs shares of taser international inc. tasr.o rose before the bell on wednesday after the company said it had received five orders totaling more than 741,000 for its stun guns.
3			ibm	statistics	business	ceo	manufacturing	technology	microsoft	patent	industry			ibm buying venetica ibm signed a definitive agreement to acquire venetica, a privately held company based in charlotte, north carolina. the acquisition is expected to close in the fourth quarter.
4			computer	pc	linux	business	technology	apple	ibm	pcs	industry			pioneer ibm's exit from pc business seen as turning point ibm's deal to sell its personal computer business to china's lenovo, a move likely to reshape the industry, signals the pc has evolved into a mass consumer item with little profit, analysts say.
2			medal	statistics	doping	olympics	athletics	sport	athlete	competition			hamstring latest setback for kupets there are favorites and there are expectations, but to compete in the olympics is to hazard the risk of being outfought, outscored, out happied.
4			privacy	telecom	technology	internet	broadband	communication	telecommunication			this week in voip news the federal communications commission ruled 3 2 that states are now barred from imposing telecommunications regulations on internet phone providers, which treat calls no differently than any other application on the net.
1			politics	nigeria	government	democracy	corruption	terrorism	strike			nigerian court rule on ongoing strike hailed by trade union nigeria 's umbrella union on wednesday hailed a high court rule on the ongoing warning strike against rising domestic fuel prices, saying the government has failed to stop the strike using the court.
4			revenue	chip	technology	market	finance	pricing	silicon	security	industry			ti narrows forecast for fourth quarter texas instruments inc. , the world's largest maker of chips for cell phones, on tuesday said it expects fourth quarter revenue and earnings per share at the mid range of its previous estimates, as order trends remain soft and an inventory correction continues.
4			electronics	device	mobility	technology	smartphone	nokia	siemens	camera	phone			siemens sf65 mobile phone digital camera siemens today unveiled the sf65 clamshell style mobile phone with a 1.3 megapixel camera, flash and four times zoom. the swivel style top end has a 16 bit internal colour display with a resolution of 128 x 160 pixels, and on the flip side the camera lens.
1			election	america	politics	history	democrat	democracy	race	republican	money			winners and losers republicans were the clear winners tuesday as president bush won re election and the party expanded its majorities in both the senate and house of representatives. democrats emerged from the polls with a bad case of the blues and a mandate to figure out what went wrong.
1			politics	indonesia	election	history	government	democracy	corruption	religion	terrorism	politician			indonesia 's yudhoyono swears in new cabinet with some surprises indonesia 's new president has sworn in his cabinet, a day after his inauguration. but some of the names in the new administration have raised concerns among observers that politics might have won out over practicalities.
3			politics	business	greed	finance	wealth	god	money			microsoft v google times online 's verdict bill gates may be the world 's most generous philanthropist, but the technical teams under his charge may well experience the uncharitable side of his nature today.
4			electronics	computer	sex	privacy	technology	money	phone			the lowdown on high end pdas with blackberry pagers and treo smartphones all the rage, why would anyone need or even want a pedestrian personal digital assistant?
3			expectation	revenue	trend	sale	stock	growth	profit	risk	money			wal mart profit rises, raises outlook wal mart stores inc. wmt.n: quote, profile, research , the world 's biggest retailer, reported a 13 percent rise in quarterly profit on tuesday, in line with expectations, and raised its outlook for the full year.
3			thursday	business	ceo	charter	executive	shareholder	company	finance	corporation	bloomberg			charter names two interim cfos charter communications inc. chtr.o: quote, profile, research on thursday named two executives as interim co chief financial officers to fill an opening created when its former
4			software	privacy	technology	copyright	piracy	patent	linux			kazaa mounts betamax defence lawyers for the file swapping service kazaa argued in an australian court yesterday that their software is analogous to the old betamax videocassette recorders.
3			trend	technology	growth	profit	loss	risk	competition	money	industry			toys r us swings to 2q profit troubled retailer toys r us inc. reported monday that the company swung to a profit in the latest second quarter, compared with a loss in the year ago period.
4			network	ethernet	wireless	standard	technology	networking	patent	industry			airgo next generation wi fi gets global approval company's mimo wireless networking technology gets approval from standards bodies in u.s., japan, canada, australia and eu.
4			electronics	device	technology	semiconductor	patent	samsung	industry			samsung electronics claims industry first with 2 gb ddr2 sdram samsung electronics co ltd said it has developed the industry 's first 2 gigabit gb ddr2 sdram utilizing 80 nanometer nm process technology.
1			politics	america	democracy	terrorism	hollywood	money			the new american idol politics as usual? hasta la vista, baby. the radical center has flexed its muscle in california, short circuiting the parties and going directly to the people. now it could sweep the nation. by jill stewart from wired magazine.
4			america	computer	technology	stock	corporation	security			stocks to watch on friday, december 10 united technologies corp. :
2			baseball	atlanta	basketball	sport	golf	football	money			who should win: buck showalter dick vermeil looks as if he 's on the verge of tears, jon stewart has finished a bizarre and semi coherent interview with desmond tutu, and the blog 's flight to atlanta for the braves astros series boards in a few hours.
4			electronics	radio	statistics	safety	computer	biotechnology	technology	marketing	automation	industry			keeping better track from factory to checkout using radio scanners to wirelessly identify consumer products is simple in concept but dauntingly complex in reality.
4			science	computer	technology	economics	billion	time	innovation	research	money			focusing on the nanorealm edmontonthe pragmatic visionaries of nint could be forgiven a quiet groan at yet another prediction that research into the very, very small will soon yield very, very big payoffs.
4			authentication	network	threat	technology	encryption	vulnerability	system	networking	risk	security			new security products adapting to threats as networks increase in size and complexity, security products are growing in sophistication and security threats are becoming more ingenious.
4			electronics	computer	television	technology	child	kid	tv	toy			playing with tv this holiday the hottest new products for kids have one thing in common: they all interact with the tube, whether by means of sensors, radio wave technology or the regular old tv remote control.
2			politics	baseball	hockey	nhl	sport	football	player	canada			game off, nhl votes to lock out players saying economics have to ... the nhl pulled the plug on hockey wednesday, with an emotional gary bettman painting a bleak picture of a grand canyon sized divide between owners and the players association.
4			product	management	technology	automation	analytics	hr	seo	security			bladelogic ships updated data center automation software version 6 of bladelogic operations manager allows data center managers to make provisioning, change and compliance actions based on the services a company needs.
2			coaching	baseball	history	statistics	television	espn	sport	nfl	football			bcs set to forge failure the bowl championship series was created with the sole purpose of finally producing a true national championship game in college football.
3			revenue	trend	sale	marketing	bloomberg	profit	advertising	competition	money			ny times profit slips as ad sales uneven the new york times co. nyt.n: quote, profile, research on wednesday reported lower quarterly net profit, weighed down by an inconsistent ad sales environment.
1			politics	election	race	immigration	difference	delegation	minority	diversity			gop convention delegation more diverse republicans point to record levels of diversity among delegates to their upcoming convention, though the gop isn't close to matching the makeup of the u.s. population overall or the democratic delegation that met last month in boston.
4			id	privacy	technology	identity	networking	security	industry			digital id expo enjoys soaring market denver the digital id world conference, first launched three years ago to hype emerging identity management technologies, has outgrown this mile high city while riding the ballistic growth in its target market.
3			housing	business	marketing	architecture	advertising	commercial	retail			condominiums for businesses fill a niche in california the dot com collapse in silicon valley has contributed to the emergence of a previously obscure class of office building: the commercial condominium.
4			computer	computing	software	unix	technology	system	networking	silicon	security	linux			high performance computing: muscle in the middle it's easy to get the impression that the midrange unix server is like a boxer near the end of a career still packing a wallop, just no longer throwing knockout left hooks. but the truth is, new processor architectures, multi core systems, and the ascension of x86 chips are giving these systems extra punch, and users plenty to think about as they plan their purchasing for the next few years.
3			business	trend	revenue	company	growth	profit	competition	industry			nortel warns on 2004 revenue growth nortel networks corp. warned thursday that its full year growth is expected to trail the industry, rather than lead it as the company had predicted as recently as a month ago.
3			statistics	business	data	revenue	financial	performance	finance	accounting	money			restated 2004 nortel results set for release nortel network corp. 's board of directors was scheduled to meet last night to approve financial data that will be released this morning, giving the public its first look at the company 's 2004 performance.
1			politics	america	terrorist	war	terrorism	money			i did it, ill do it again: osama claiming responsibility for 9 11, osama bin laden has threatened the usa with more such attacks. the al qaida chief also accused president george w bush of misleading his people, in
1			politics	election	terrorism	sept			9 11 commission formally disbands the sept. 11 commission closes down saturday, but its members plan to continue testifying before congress and traveling the country to try to get the government to improve homeland security...
3			politics	baseball	life	business	love	money			bucks unleash their potential sometimes the best way to deal with bad news is to run from it. strap on your dancing cleats and fly a little. maurice clarett left buckeye nation backpedaling and scarlet faced for more than a week, but saturday came soon enough.
3			politics	business	investor	investing	economics	finance	howard	money			a seismic shift under the house of fannie mae from a compulsively neat desk inside a company that routinely jousts with powerful critics from the white house, congress, the federal reserve and wall street, j. timothy howard has been the financial architect of one of the world 's most formidable and
3			hacking	business	ceo	entrepreneur	technology	strategy			citing threats, entrepreneur wants to quit caller id venture t may be known as caller id spoofing, but it is evidently no laughing matter. three days after the start up company star38 began offering a service that fools caller id systems, the founder, jason jepson, has decided to sell the business.
4			computer	linux	network	unix	technology	system	networking	ibm	computing	server			ibm tops off power 5 based server line targeting unix archrivals hewlett packard and sun microsystems, ibm on friday topped off the high end of its power 5 based line of iseries and pseries servers, rolling out three systems all capable of hosting as many as 250 virtual servers on a single
1			election	politics	general	gen	dr	candidate	pt			ex general leads megawati in indonesia election description: former gen. susilo bambang yudhoyono leads incumbent megawati sukarnoputri after polls close in indonesia 's first direct presidential election.
1			election	america	politics	history	indian	democracy	reservation	race			politicians go courting on indian reservations in the last few years, political races from congress to county sheriff have begun to hinge on the american indian vote.
1			election	politics	comparison	buying	price	candidate	shopping			2004 election candidate comparison search by pricegrabber 2004 election candidate comparison search by pricegrabber pricegrabber, a shopping search engine, in conjunction with the university of southern california's usc center for e government, has employed its shopping comparison technology to create a useful and unique candidate comparison tool to help voters choose between more than 100 candidates in the 2004 ...
4			electronics	computer	network	connectivity	ethernet	technology	broadband	wireless	networking			intel plans centrino like brand for desktops chip maker wants you to know about the benefits of a wireless network.
4			computer	chip	intel	technology	semiconductor	performance	patent	silicon			texas instruments posts higher 3q profits third quarter profits at texas instruments inc. grew by 116 million from a year ago due to rising demand for its chips used in high end mobile phones and digital light processing systems for big screen televisions.
4			windows	manufacturing	car	technology	apple	innovation	industry			apple expo: apple intros imac g5 apple's senior vice president of worldwide marketing, phil schiller, took a cue from his boss, ceo steve jobs, as he unveiled one more thing at the end of his keynote to kick off this week's apple expo in paris: an imac g5 that includes the entire system inside a 17 or 20 inch lcd screen. continuing the all in one theme that started with the original crt imac, the g5 edition features a new industrial design that does away with the hemispherical base of the previous generation all together. schiller said that the new imacs will be available in mid september.
3			success	vc	business	ceo	company	strategy	v			vivendi flashes v for victory vivendi nyse: v is one of those complex behemoths of a firm that normally doesn 't make it onto my radar since, as a lazy fool, i prefer my companies small and simple.
4			electronics	taiwan	china	chip	biotechnology	technology	innovation	patent	industry			taiwan chip giant seeks strong partnerships the head of the world 's largest contract chip manufacturer said thursday it will cost an estimated $ 1 billion euro 776 million for his company to develop the latest chip production technology.
4			virus	computer	hacking	alien	privacy	technology	security			new mydoom offers 'how to' details it's like they wanted to help us, which is weird, says one security expert of the latest bizarre twist in the worm's development.
4			grid	electricity	computer	biotechnology	technology	power	energy	research	computing	linux			europe uses grid to create new megacomputer european research institutes are linking together four supercomputers to create the world's fourth most powerful megacomputer, without having to spend the money it would normally cost to build such a monster.
3			revenue	company	stock	growth	finance	profit	loss	bloomberg	money			morgan stanley profit drops by a third u.s. investment bank morgan stanley on wednesday said quarterly profit dropped by a third on sharply lower bond trading revenue and higher expenses, falling well short of wall street's low expectations and pushing the company's shares down as much as 8 percent.
1			politics	election	result	democracy	voting	polling	poll	candidate	voter			web site helps undecided voters choose presidential guidester polls voters, matches their positions with those of candidates.
4			electronics	computer	chip	intel	technology	apple	silicon			can mr. chips transform intel? paul s. otellini was 41 and a rising star at intel when, in 1992, his boss informed him that the company would choose him as its new chief of sales and marketing.
2			baseball	college	espn	bc	basketball	sport	boston	football			two may miss bc hoop opener the boston college men's basketball team could be without junior power forward craig smith and senior guard jermaine watson for friday night's season opener against the university of maine at conte forum.
4			catalyst	connectivity	ethernet	technology	cisco	networking	switch	reliability			cisco revamps catalyst switch range cisco today unveiled what it claimed is the world 's first gigabit ethernet gbe enabled ip phone, in addition to a raft of enhancements to its catalyst switching range designed to boost security, availability and performance.
3			travel	business	tourism	traveling	transportation	money	speed			online travel 's narrowing horizons after some four months of waiting for both the google goog ; ranked hold; recent price: $ 108 ipo and our subsequent initiation of coverage on the shares to be completed, i, like many americans this time of year, am thinking about one thing travel.
1			politics	election	result	democracy	voting	poll	russia	ukraine	armenia			ukraine awaits court poll ruling ukraine's supreme court is due to rule on whether to overturn the result of the disputed presidential poll.
4			computer	chip	storage	technology	finance	bankruptcy	patent	memory	money	security			creditors wrap up sale of hynix chip unit to citigroup all administrative work has been completed to sell hynix 's non memory chip unit to citigroup venture equity partners lp, hynix 's primary creditor bank said.
4			mobile	network	mobility	technology	broadband	nokia	internet	networking			mmo2 teams up with japan 's docomo european cell phone group mmo2 has agreed to adopt the i mode mobile internet technology pioneered by japan 's ntt docomo and plans to bring
4			wikipedia	computer	microsoft	technology	innovation	networking	email	education			it blueprint for 2005 this weeks issue recognizes the smartest, most creative, and, well, coolest it projects of 2004. but the infoworld 100 is more than simply another collection of well meaning and well deserved awards. it is also a blueprint a living document that provides real, useful editorial direction.
4			network	rule	technology	standard	regulation	internet	broadband	fcc	telecommunication	networking			rules ok d for broadband on power lines the federal communications commission on thursday approved rules for transmitting broadband communications signals over electric power lines, clearing the way for the expansion of high speed internet access through home electrical outlets.
4			electronics	computer	business	china	car	technology	ibm	money	security			ibm puts pc unit up for sale ny times international business machines corp. has put its personal computing business up for sale in a deal that could be worth as much as $ 2 billion, the new york times reported on friday.
4			computer	nothing	privacy	technology	money	silicon			sun loses $ 1 billion lawsuit to kodak let 's say you re a technology company that 's now struggling to cope with technological changes that threaten the very premise of your business... waitaminute, maybe that particular hypothetical isn 't such
4			electronics	battery	dell	computer	hardware	technology	car	hp	consumer	linux			dell gets down to ce business dell is expected to expand its line of line of consumer electronics this week, possibly taking the wraps off of a challenger to apple computer 's ipod mini music player.
2			medal	doping	olympics	athletics	sport	race	athlete	competition	cycling			us relay squad bids to keep gold america 's us olympic committee is contesting a ruling which could cost michael johnson and his 4x400m relay colleagues gold medals from the sydney olympics.
3			job	employee	business	tax	company	growth	finance	bankruptcy	money	industry			update 2 temple inland inc. says to cut 1,500 jobs temple inland inc. tin.n: quote, profile, research , a maker of packaging and building materials, on monday said it will lay off about 1,500 employees as it repositions its mortgage
1			election	politics	history	cabinet	transition	succession	power	strategy	leadership			blair's exit strategy sparks succession fever british prime minister tony blair was back at work saturday after successful heart surgery but his vow to hold on to power for five more years has sparked fevered speculation about who might succeed him and when.
4			security	hacking	network	privacy	technology	encryption	terrorism	surveillance			aol to sell secure id tags to fight hackers america online will begin offering to sell members a security device and service that has been used to safeguard business computer networks, the world 's largest internet service provider said on monday.
4			electronics	computer	game	gaming	hardware	software	music	technology	entertainment			music plus movies, on one player with sales of digital music players skyrocketing, is it any wonder that hardware makers are scrambling to create the next big portable entertainment gizmo?
4			battery	cell	technology	power	hp	ibm	silicon	computing			ibm, sony, reveal plans for cell chip ibm, sony and toshiba on monday announced the first technical details of the widely anticipated cell processor, also known as a supercomputer on a chip, with power architecture at its heart.
4			mobile	streaming	mobility	ethernet	technology	multimedia	video	sprint			sprint backs apple tech for video streaming cell carrier certifies quicktime format for delivering video to handsets.
4			electronics	battery	cat	computer	mouse	software	technology	efficiency			review: new computer mice cutting edge if you're still pointing and clicking with the factory issued mouse that came with your computer or, heaven forbid, if you're still using your laptop's barbaric touch pad it's time to upgrade.
4			revenue	data	music	storage	technology	finance	piracy	distribution	industry			second quarter sees rise in storage revenue worldwide external controller based disc storage revenue totalled $ 3.2bn 1.8bn in the second quarter, up 5.1 from the $ 3.1bn recorded in the same period last year.
4			electronics	computer	technology	internet	pcs	computing	linux			amd has the pc for developing nations advanced micro devices has unveiled a stripped down, low cost computing device as part of a plan to move into developing markets. the chip maker aims to provide 50 per cent of the world with internet and computing
4			collaboration	technology	beta	patent	google	linux			wiki start up jotspot draws crowd for product beta nearly 3,000 companies have signed up for test accounts to try a beta version of its wiki application for web based collaboration.
4			radio	wired	business	network	privacy	technology	wireless	communication	networking			craig mccaw describes a global wireless world for someone who rarely appears before large gatherings, craig mccaw has spent a lot of time in the spotlight this week at a wireless industry trade show.
4			computer	chip	technology	japan	memory	silicon	intel	computing			amd fujitsu venture plans 'mega' japanese chip plant spansion sinking nearly a billion dollars into flash memory production.
2			baseball	statistics	china	basketball	athletics	sport	football	softball	tennis			u.s. grabs the gold in softball the united states softball team came into athens on a simple mission take home their third straight gold medal or call the trip to the olympics a failure.
1			election	america	politics	history	democracy	clinton	race	money			clinton feels 'distant' from election former president clinton may be out on the campaign trail, but he says he feels a bit detached from the to and fro of the elections.
4			computer	computing	linux	technology	microsoft	apple	intel	security	industry			intel cancels top speed pentium 4 chip intel corp. intc.o: quote, profile, research on thursday canceled plans to introduce its highest speed desktop computer chip, ending for now a 25 year run that has
4			network	ethernet	wireless	technology	nokia	networking	intel	linux			intel launches tri mode wi fi chipset intel has unveiled a new centrino chipset that supports three wi fi standards, along with new wireless software and improved security features.
4			mobile	mobility	broadband	nokia	technology	telecommunication	patent			t mobile tries out flarion mobile broadband data system mobile carrier t mobile is testing flarion technologies flash ofdm mobile broadband technology in the hague, the netherlands.
1			election	indonesia	president	politics	democracy	iran	candidate	jakarta			a new broom in jakarta mr. susilo bambang yudhoyono is set to become indonesia 's next president. the former general has been projected as the landslide winner of this week 's presidential ballot.
4			electronics	dell	computer	manufacturing	technology	storage	car	automation	detroit			photos: inside dell's austin assembly plant the 300,000 square foot facility begins to buzz around 8 a.m. and churns continuously for a 10 hour shift 12 on the weekend .
2			coaching	baseball	retirement	basketball	athletics	sport	recruiting	football	coach			san jose state football coach resigns san jose, calif. nov 22, 2004 san jose state coach fitz hill resigned monday with one game left in his fourth straight losing season with the spartans.
2			baseball	sport	magic	chicago			sox cruise past chicago chicago elvis didn 't leave the building on friday night, but manny ramirez and orlando cabrera both did. and curt schilling left the chicago white sox feeling all shook up...
2			boxing	baseball	england	soccer	sport	football	chess	tennis	wrestling			soccer: gunners held at highbury the knockout blows on judgment day were restricted to las vegas as the capital 's contenders slugged themselves to a stalemate at highbury.
4			linux	trend	technology	economics	growth	innovation	intel	security	industry			intel rolls back outlook; widespread weakness feared no. 1 chipmaker intel intc on thursday dramatically lowered its revenue estimates for the current quarter, a sign that the tech industry 's rebound may be slowing.
4			science	genetics	biotechnology	technology	research	cancer	money	funding			stem cell advocates to request $ 1b emboldened by the success of a stem cell ballot initiative in california last week, two scientists who have long pushed for an ambitious research center for the biotechnology
3			business	trend	technology	marketing	stock	growth	profit	fashion	money	industry			nordstrom 's profits up 62; stock falls nordstrom inc. 's second quarter profit surged 62 percent on sales of fashions such as tweed jackets and ponchos, but the company missed analyst expectations, sending its shares down in after hours trading yesterday.
4			electronics	computer	linux	hardware	software	technology	networking	ibm	industry			ibm brings unix, faster chip to power blades com october 7, 2004, 9:01 pm pt. with the economy slowly turning up, upgrading hardware has been on businesses radar in the past 12 months as their number two priority.
4			manufacturing	biotechnology	technology	fda	marketing	pharmaceuticals	research	consolidation			fda picks maryland company for it consolidation contract itsolutions will provide it consolidation services to help streamline operations at eight branches of the u.s. food and drug administration.
4			computer	linux	manufacturing	technology	networking	ibm	security	server			ibm opens up design of its blade servers international business machines corp. said it is making the design of its blade computer servers widely available, in a move designed to gain wider acceptability in data centers and the telecommunications industry.
1			politics	election	violence	democracy	split	zimbabwe	race	corruption	scandal	terrorism			mugabe moves against party rivals deep splits emerge in zimbabwe's ruling party amidst jockeying for position to succeed president mugabe.
3			trading	trade	trend	technology	marketing	market	competition	industry			'buoyant' market for carphone mobile phone retailer carphone warehouse says recent trading has been better than expected thanks to robust demand.
1			election	politics	democracy	voting	polling	biotechnology	technology	research	education			mit, caltech offer low tech voting advice the universities suggest taking along a sample ballot, among other election tips.
4			tourism	technology	entertainment	advertising	fashion	toy			fao schwarz to reopen; timing is no coincidence for 10 months, the windows at fao schwarz, the once fabled toy store and tourist attraction on fifth avenue, have been shrouded in paper, disappointing out of town visitors, intriguing retail
4			ceo	technology	microsoft	company	performance	innovation	ibm	computing	industry			ibm beats wall street 's expectations ibm, a barometer of trends in the computing business, delivered a solid quarterly performance on monday that pointed to modest if uneven improvement in the corporate technology sector.
4			electronics	battery	life	electricity	technology	patent			cdn born inventor of long lasting batteries dies the man who invented the small, long lasting alkaline batteries that power walkmans, gameboys and other portable devices has died.
3			income	revenue	data	sale	technology	company	profit	industry			peoplesoft sees revenue above views peoplesoft inc. on monday forecast third quarter revenue would exceed wall street expectations, saying it added 150 new customers and had more large software license transactions than in the previous quarter.
3			job	statistics	business	manufacturing	unemployment	service	employment	recession	industry			services report, jobs data depress dollar the dollar sagged on tuesday, weighed down after separate reports showed the giant u.s. services sector grew more slowly than expected in september and layoffs surged to an eight month high.
2			baseball	television	atlanta	espn	postseason	basketball	sport	playoff			houston vs. atlanta the plot: although some of the key players aren 't familiar to fans, the braves are no strangers to the playoffs. their unprecedented streak of 13 consecutive postseason appearances
3			price	economics	company	stock	growth	finance	oil	competition	money	industry			u.s. stocks gain as oil eases u.s. stocks made gains in light volume on friday as investors were encouraged about the prospects for corporate profits after oil prices eased from their peak.
4			manufacturing	trend	technology	tech	innovation	change	industry			innovation and disruption still going hand in hand the technology driven dislocation that has transformed one typesetter's business is spreading throughout the economy.
4			mobile	wireless	technology	microsoft	smartphone	nokia			nokia demos ipv6 dual stack cdma handset, again nokia yesterday demonstrated the first wireless ipv6 call by using the companys dual stack cdma handset. the dual stack ipv6 technology was put to the test over a year ago in 2003 at the 3g world congress in bangkok.
4			processor	device	intel	technology	semiconductor	silicon	computing	linux			intel expands centrino family based on intel 's mobile architecture, the new intel pentium m processor 765 processor features 2mb of integrated, power managed level 2 cache and a frequency of 2.10 ghz.
4			industry	application	linux	microsoft	technology	hp	ibm	server			vars question ibm 's smb blade push to move the blade server market from the enterprise to small and midsize businesses, ibm on friday unveiled a new bladecenter chassis and new blade solutions for smbs.
3			business	sale	marketing	celebrity	fame	attention	advertising	money			webex plays big brother a new feature in webex 's latest web conferencing service has reporters and powerpoint victims of all stripe a little nervous. the service being announced monday, webex sales center, includes an attention indicator
3			politics	business	ceo	management	executive	company	strategy	money	leadership			segway ceo scoots from company ron bills will take off next month, leaving segway to find the fourth ceo in its short history.
1			election	politics	campaign	history	democrat	conservative	race	bush	republican			gop rode bush coattails to senate gains president bush's conservative coattails, geography and campaigns crafted to take advantage of both helped republicans to a four seat gain in senate elections this year.
3			politics	business	greed	money	security			for a takeover artist, one bluff too many? carl c. icahn, the pushy financier, is wall street's perennial boy who cried wolf. so, why does anyone take him seriously anymore?
4			network	connectivity	mobility	technology	solution	communication	networking	link			linksys teams with verizon, best buy, intel cisco 's irvine based linksys division has announced new relationships with a number of other companies. linksys said that it has signed an agreement with verizon to include the company 's voip phones in its services.
2			usa	baseball	espn	basketball	sport	golf	football	kentucky	nba	tennis			uk owns iu, kentucky beats hoosiers in basketball too today at freedom hall, patrick sparks scored 16 points as the tenth ranked wildcats dominated the hoosiers inside in a 73 to 58 victory.
4			computer	chip	intel	technology	apple	hp	ibm	silicon	linux			intel pumps up third quarter profit santa clara, calif.driven by demand for flash memory chips used in cellphones, intel corp. 's third quarter profits rose as the chip making giant struggled to overcome lacklustre pc sales, growing inventory, product missteps and stiff competition.
4			device	creative	music	technology	innovation	audio	linux			creative zen micro 5gb music player reg review some market watchers say that mobile phones will eventually supersede standalone mp3 players. creative 's latest device certainly anticipates such a move, in design if not functionality.
2			baseball	doping	olympics	athletics	sport	race	athlete	swimming	tennis	cycling			usoc fights for us relay olympic gold the us olympic committee is contesting an international ruling which could cost michael johnson and the rest of the us 1,600 meter relay team their gold medals from the sydney olympics.
3			politics	economy	inflation	business	ceo	economics	finance	money	recession	industry			us ceos less bullish about economy survey u.s. chief executives have become slightly less optimistic about the economy in the past quarter, but half plan to increase capital spending in the next six months, according to a survey released on wednesday.
1			election	politics	democracy	voting	polling	poll	corruption	candidate			hong kong legislative election to test pro democracy sentiment hong kong voters go to the polls sunday to elect legislators with limited powers, in balloting that may test the strength of the city 's pro democracy movement.
2			coaching	baseball	statistics	espn	basketball	sport	football	coach			grizzlies coach retires for health reasons memphis grizzlies coach hubie brown talks to a reporter after a workout jan. 8, 2004, in seattle. brown retired as coach of the grizzlies on thursday, nov. 25, 2004, due to health reasons.
2			gaming	basketball	sport	nba	hoop	money			nba on ebay in the wake of the nba's big basketbrawl, the internet served its predictable role, offering up...
4			electronics	technology	patent	research	inc	silicon	imaging	industry			kodak to buy imaging business of natl semi; no terms new york afx eastman kodak tuesday said it agreed to buy the imaging business of national semiconductor for undisclosed terms. the business develops and makes metal oxide semiconductor image sensor devices.
4			science	electronics	computer	biotechnology	privacy	technology	tech	innovation			it takes time to judge the true impact of new technology about this time last year, i wrote a column following up on some pieces i d written earlier to see what if anything new had happened to those topics.
2			athens	game	olympics	olympic	sport	football	greece	athlete	swimming			you can do it too, s pore if greece, with 10m people, can pull off the games at the 11th hour, why not? the final weekend of the olympics is at hand, and the reckoning is nigh.
1			election	politics	democrat	race	black	racism			anger over 2000 election remains strong for florida blacks democratic campaigners are targeting florida's black community, hoping to channel their anger over the 2000 electoral fiasco into a resolve to defeat president george w. bush.
1			election	politics	statistics	computer	democracy	voting	privacy	technology			federal court orders trial in florida e ballot lawsuit a federal appeals court on monday overturned a judge who had thrown out a lawsuit seeking a paper trail for that state 's new touchscreen voting machines.
2			art	competition	sport	fencing			precision and pressure in a classic stadium thens, aug. 19 the two finalists in the men 's archery strode out this afternoon and took their positions side by by side between the twin columns topped with the two faced busts of hermes that mark the start and finish lines in the ...
2			lakers	baseball	basketball	sport	boston	football	celtics	nba			celtics outlast clippers evidently the celtics didn 't think five games were enough on this west coast journey, so they performed a basketball cover of southside johnny 's i don 't want to go home and stayed around for two extra periods last night.
2			coaching	diabetes	retirement	basketball	rehabilitation	sport	football	coach	lou			lou henson hopes to return to coaching lou henson is in a wheelchair and has no mobility in his right leg, but the new mexico state men's basketball coach is optimistic he'll be back on the sidelines this season.
4			security	computer	hacking	war	cheating	technology	ibm	computing			u.s. army aims to halt paperwork with ibm system no more passing the buck.
1			politics	election	president	history	congress	gov	bush	republican			bush record suggests two presidencies when he steps up to accept his party's nomination for a second time, president bush will present the record of not one but two presidencies: one before and another after sept. 11, 2001.
3			trend	sale	jeans	finance	profit	competition	money			levi strauss posts profit levi strauss co. swung to a quarterly profit on tuesday, citing cost cuts and a weaker dollar as the struggling jeans maker closed out poor performing products to
1			election	politics	democracy	race	washington	debate			presidential debate excerpts excerpts from friday's presidential debate at washington university in st. louis:
1			politics	america	diplomacy	election	democracy	iraq	kerry	terrorism	money	security			poll results show race for president is again a dead heat the latest new york times cbs news poll, taken after the first debate, shows that john kerry reassured many americans of his ability to handle an international crisis.
1			election	politics	inflation	economics	corruption	market	finance	stall	money			to get out of a stall, apply lift. an election may work. while the stock market close to stumbling through its fifth longest stall since 1983, there could be a little election year boost for equities.
2			politics	baseball	basketball	sport	football	money			milloy move showed patriots who was boss they got along the first time they met, early in 1996. the 22 year old kid with the unforgettable name lawyer had impressed bill belichick. they had sat down that day and begun watching football films. three or four hours later they were still going.
3			trend	speculation	company	market	stock	oil	corporation	money	industry			stocks open little changed, pfizer falls u.s. stocks opened near unchanged on friday as oil prices hovered above $ 44 a barrel while drug company pfizer inc. shares tumbled after it released an research update.
3			industry	acquisition	revenue	sale	technology	company	security	linux			update 1: siebel systems swings to 3q profit software maker siebel systems inc. on wednesday said its third quarter results swung to a profit on improved licensing revenue. the company reported earnings of $ 19.
4			privacy	technology	company	option	innovation	email	industry			stock options top tech lobbying list at gop convention at two tech focused gatherings yesterday, industry companies, lobbying groups and politicians mulled over the it industry's legislative agenda, including concerns about a move to force companies to expense stock options.
4			industry	electronics	philip	manufacturing	technology	performance	silicon	security	reliability			philips warns on chip unit sales europe's top consumer electronics group philips cut the forecast for its closely watched semiconductor unit on friday, pointing to the predicted slowdown of the sector's recovery.
4			network	biotechnology	technology	innovation	patent	ai			technologies, inc. a prsent aujourd hui le premier d une nouvelle gamme d assistants numriques pour les entreprises enterprise digital assistant eda conus pour les applications professionnelles fondamentales dans l environnement d entreprise.
1			faith	politics	controversy	oath	religion	debate	god			house votes to protect pledge from courts in a vote with election year consequences, the house sought to assure that god's 50 year place in the pledge of allegiance will be safe from federal court challenges. the bill, approved on a 247 173 vote thursday, would prevent federal courts, including the supreme court, from ruling on whether the words under god should be stricken from the pledge...
3			computer	business	china	technology	growth	innovation	ibm	money	industry			at big blue, there are no small bets the palmisano era is gaining speed with renewed emphasis on growth, and the culture at ibm is changing, brian bergstein reports from new york.
1			politics	abortion	controversy	election	clinton	race	republican	money			new democratic leader in senate is atypical choice harry reid, an unassuming democrat, mormon and opponent of abortion who will become the senate minority leader, is little like the man he will succeed, tom daschle.
1			politics	diplomacy	dialogue	war	negotiation	democracy	peace	iran			europe warns iran against nuclear arms solana sidestepped a question about whether he felt the iranian nuclear controversy was still open to negotiation. i think we have to keep on doing the utmost in talking and dialogue .
2			politics	game	television	gaming	movie	award	sport	entertainment	gambling	hollywood			'san andreas' hijacks gaming awards it's bound to be an unusual awards show when snoop dogg shows up to argue with a computerized version of himself, sexy women in lingerie seductively coo secret video game codes to viewers and bubbly model brooke burke beats out stately dame judi dench for best actress.
3			gm	china	sale	company	growth	profit	loss	earnings	industry			gm reports poor quarterly profits detroit: general motors corp posted on thursday disappointing quarterly earnings and cut its 2004 profit forecast due to mounting losses in europe and slowing growth in china, sending its shares down 5.
3			investor	investing	market	stock	finance	oil	competition	money	security			stocks creep higher as investors weigh climbing oil against m a ... stocks extended their rally with modest gains wednesday, as wall street overlooked climbing oil prices to focus on strong results from lehman brothers and sprint 's $ 35 billion deal for nextel communications.
4			science	electronics	computer	technology	education	math	mathematics	chemistry	astronomy	physics			student 's sea energy device wins $ 100,000 encinitas high school student aaron goldin has parlayed some old appliance parts plucked from his garage into a $ 100,000 college scholarship, the top prize in one of the country 's most prestigious science and math competitions.
2			politics	coaching	baseball	history	hockey	jason	sport	football			playoffs bourne's payout with his team in a three way battle atop the south coast conference, bourne coach barry wood was well aware that not only would his team have to beat wareham on the road yesterday, but that dighton rehoboth would also have to win at home against seekonk for his canalmen to earn a spot in the division 2a playoffs.
4			mobile	network	mobility	technology	wireless	communication	telecommunication	networking	carrier			cingular is us 's largest carrier now cingular wireless said it has completed its previously announced merger with at wireless services inc., creating the us 's biggest wireless carrier with the largest digital voice and data network in the country.
3			baseball	business	revenue	disney	sale	sport	company	entertainment	finance	money			cio business briefing disney 's q4 earnings reach $ 516 million the walt disney company reported $ 516 million net income in the quarter ended september 30th, compared to $ 415 million in the year ago quarter.
1			election	politics	result	india	voting	poll	bjp	maharashtra			key indian state to go to polls voters are due to cast their ballots on wednesday in key elections in the western indian state of maharashtra.
4			computer	privacy	technology	wireless	internet	broadband	blog			surf wirelessly at dialup speed hoping to extend wireless internet access to people without broadband, a texas company is introducing a base station that works with any dialup connection. but don't expect it to make pages load any faster. by elisa batista.
4			ibm	manufacturing	technology	nfc	semiconductor	performance	patent	silicon			ibm, amd develop new use of strained silicon ibm and amd have jointly developed a new method for implementing strained silicon technology on both positive and negative transistors, a technique they said could improve transistor speeds by as much as 24.
4			computer	hacking	technology	robot	google	email	linux			photo: the bot, by alienware alienware hopes to broaden its appeal with the sub $ 600 bot desktop for home users.
4			electronics	computer	engineering	technology	innovation	ibm	engineer	intel	industry			today 's business news intel named president paul otellini as its next chief executive officer, choosing a non engineer to run the world 's largest computer chip maker for the first time.
4			security	computer	linux	unix	technology	sun	silicon	computing	windows			sun launches solaris 10 at its network computing 04q4 launch today, sun microsystems, inc. launched the much anticipated solaris 10 operating system os , addressing the enormous waste of resources forced upon customers
3			business	network	directory	company	location	merger			sbc, bellsouth buying bellsouth and sbc intend to combine with their own online directory affiliates, and , respectively.
1			politics	election	democracy	poll	corruption	iran	iraq	terrorism	afghanistan			afghan opposition accepts karzai 's victory the main rivals of afghan president hamid karzai swallowed their bitterness on thursday over cases of vote fraud and accepted defeat a day after a un afghan election panel declared karzai the winner of a historic oct. 9 election.
2			coaching	politics	baseball	retirement	sport	recruiting	golf	football	strategy			army's allure has brought ross back to sideline retirement hasn't changed bobby ross much. he's waiting for the same pregame goose bumps he always felt in his years of coaching college and pro football. he's reverted to his old coaching habits and is relishing the time spent with his new players, starting at 5:45 a.m. and often putting in 16 or 17 hour days.
4			privacy	investing	technology	google	innovation	competition	money	diversity			google challenge: keeping wealthy workers as google inc. nears the end of its first quarter as a public company, industry watchers say one of its emerging challenges is how to keep soon to be wealthy workers from cashing out and moving on.
1			election	politics	privacy	republican	money	marijuana			foe catches van hollen with web guard down gop candidate for congress charles r. floyd bought three internet domain names with van hollen's name and turned them into web sites carrying unflattering comments about the freshman congressman's record.
2			boxing	baseball	espn	sport	boston	nfl	football	stadium	turf			new england vs. st louis the new england patriots derailed the greatest show on turf in super bowl xxxvi at the superdome.
4			lcd	television	philip	technology	screen	tv	industry			screen glut cuts net 15 at lg.philips seoul lg.philips lcd said monday that third quarter net profit fell 15 percent as prices for flat screens for televisions and computers declined.
1			politics	election	computer	voting	privacy	technology	money	paper			poll: voters want paper trail almost three quarters of likely voters think electronic voting systems should produce a paper record the voter can verify, according to a new poll. but that's not likely to happen for many of them in november. by laila weir.
4			technology	nokia	nfc	marketing	innovation	patent	money			nfc device payment technology gets boost the idea of paying for things by swiping a cell phone near a payment terminal received another boost tuesday with the announcement that philips, nokia and a german train company will launch trials of the technology early next year.
1			election	politics	beijing	democracy	china	political	corruption	scandal	politician			scandal, insults and a bit of politics on hk campaign trail hong kong : it 's 6.00 pm and election candidate choy so yuk wipes sweat from her brow as her voice drifts from the speakers in hong kong 's seedy wan chai district.
4			electronics	computer	television	privacy	technology	tv	consumer	sony			sony unprepared for flat tv demand sony, the world's largest consumer electronics group, is having trouble meeting soaring demand for flat televisions as its assembly lines did not gear up quickly enough, a senior official said on friday.
4			politics	safety	rally	technology	strategy	energy	competition	industry			mixed signals sustain rally stocks edged up for the week, continuing a month long rally in the face of mediocre economic news and more positive developments from technology firms and energy markets.
4			science	computer	alien	engineering	biotechnology	technology	evolution	car	tech	dinosaur			a mall for america's geeks a road trip detour to the mall of america offers a look at some remarkable feats of modern engineering. marvels range from genetically modified glowing fish to roller coasters that no sane human should ride after lunch. michelle delio reports from bloomington, minnesota.
2			politics	baseball	game	television	olympic	espn	olympics	sport	entertainment			nbc's five ring circus if roone arledge invented the modern tv olympics, dick ebersol has imploded it. everyone wants to watch the olympics, but they're just too unwatchable too much, too fragmented, too staged, too jingoistic, too hyped, too commercialized, too long, too em everything . the olympics no longer feel olympian. they feel like a sweeps week sports reality show.
4			cyber	hacking	network	threat	technology	vulnerability	networking	security			ibm, cisco aim to protect networks com october 14, 2004, 8:58 am pt. cyber threats, chiefly viruses like netsky and sasser, make security an ongoing concern as it holds steady over software infrastructure as the third top priority.
2			baseball	money	sport	football			bombers show red sox why they remain the team to beat so maybe everybody got a little too carried away with this red sox resurgence. maybe we forgot who these guys really are.
4			business	solution	technology	bank	innovation			also from this section innovative solutions , promises the riggs bank slogan emblazoned across the home page of its website. for over 165 years we ve been developing innovative, custom tailored solutions to improve the lives of our customers.
4			ibm	computer	manufacturing	technology	performance	manufacturer	blade	server			ibm unveils low cost blades ibm announced last friday a lower cost blade server option a pared down chassis geared for small and midsize businesses. the new express version of ibm 's bladecenter chassis still can accommodate as many
2			medal	doping	olympics	athletics	sport	athlete	competition	gymnastics			hamm keeps medal american gymnast paul hamm has survived an appeal against his olympic gold medal by the man he beat into bronze in athens. south korea 's yang tae young had appealed to the court of arbitration for sport after
2			boxing	baseball	basketball	sport	football	religion	baltimore	drug			nba star shows up in baltimore snitching dvd denver nuggets star and baltimore native carmelo anthony said he doesn 't remember a conversation that has showed up on a homemade dvd.
3			business	ceo	company	scandal	finance	profit	corporation	competition	money			tyco raises dividend tyco international inc. on thursday raised its dividend for the first time in five years, the latest indication of change at the once scandal tarnished diversified manufacturer.
2			baseball	history	football			brockton tops eagles a new era? nah. just the same old brockton coached by a different colombo.
4			flash	device	usb	technology	nfc	storage	nokia	networking	memory			nokia embraces sd memory cards upcoming mobile phones will support secure digital flash memory.
4			ibm	computer	revenue	technology	microsoft	hp	patent	corporation	productivity	industry			hp's reports rise in fourth quarter profit hewlett packard co. reported tuesday a 26.5 percent rise in fourth quarter profit on the strength of record revenue growth across all of the computer manufacturing giant's businesses.
1			politics	election	democracy	voting	polling	iran	iraq	candidate	afghanistan			vote counting begins in afghan election vote counting started thursday in afghanistan's landmark election, widely expected to install u.s. backed interim leader hamid karzai as the war ravaged country's first popularly chosen president.
4			manufacturing	technology	mining	company	metal	growth	finance	research	industry			alcan 's q3 results lifted by pechiney shares of alcan inc. rose 3 percent thursday, drawing support from the canadian metals giant 's third quarter results in which profit nearly doubled due to strong industry fundamentals and contributions from its pechiney unit.
4			ibm	business	technology	microsoft	telecommunication	patent	email	industry			ibm inks $ 972m voice, data deal with lloyds ibm said monday that it won a 500 million $ 972 million , seven year services contract to help move u.k. bank lloyds tbs from its traditional voice infrastructure to a converged voice and data network.
1			politics	constitution	election	governance	democracy	europe	parliament	eu	turkey	ratification			summary box: eu leaders sign constitution the eu constitution: the landmark document, achieved after 28 months of negotiation, aims to provide simpler voting rules to end gridlock in the european union.
2			baseball	basketball	sport	race	nfl	football	williams	racing			nfl, williams to meet retired miami tailback ricky williams and his attorney have scheduled a meeting with the nfl to discuss the possibility of the former heisman trophy winner's return.
1			politics	election	democracy	kabul	polling	iran	iraq	candidate	afghanistan			vote counting under way in afghan election, karzai expected to win kabul, afghanistan early results show interim afghan president hamid karzai leading in that country 's first free presidential election.
3			trend	investing	stock	growth	finance	profit	risk	money	earnings			stocks end slightly higher as profit worries ease investors discounted another technology profit warning and focused instead on positive outlooks for third and fourth quarter earnings.
4			linux	intel	technology	growth	innovation	hp	money	silicon	industry			intel seen limiting amd 's upside credit suisse first boston maintained a neutral rating on advanced micro devices nyse: amd news people , saying third quarter earnings fell below expectations but that fourth quarter outlook appears surprisingly healthy.
4			linux	data	privacy	technology	storage	networking	ibm	memory	security	server			hp, others bolster future storage storage vendors hewlett packard, cisco, emc, and microsoft are trumpeting new products this week that foreshadow the near future of storage.
4			mobile	privacy	technology	ip	video	windows			avaya adds video calling to ip softphone avaya announced on monday that the integration between its ip softphone and polycom 's viavideo ii camera, first announced last december, is now at a releasable stage.
4			radiation	lighting	laser	technology	light	cancer			health highlights: sept. 10, 2004 here are some of the latest health and medical news developments, compiled by editors of healthday: nightclub lasers can harm eyes nightclub lasers may be a vision hazard, according to the united kingdom's national radiological protection board nrpb . the board said that laser beams are strong enough to cause serious injuries, but often come with inadequate safety information and are used by people with no laser safety experience, bbc news online reported...
1			politics	congress	democracy	compromise	corruption	consensus	debate	money			lawmakers back compromise on intel bill two powerful congressional chairmen, one who had opposed legislation to revamp the nation's intelligence agencies, endorsed a compromise monday and moved a bill endorsed by president bush closer to approval.
3			revenue	debt	growth	profit	finance	loss	competition	industry			sun micro posts narrower quarterly loss network computer maker sun microsystems inc. on thursday posted a narrower quarterly loss as revenue rose year over year for the second consecutive quarter after three years of declines, sending shares slightly higher.
3			thursday	statistics	business	trend	sale	company	stock	money	earnings			update 1 dr horton 4th quarter earnings jump homebuilder dr horton inc. dhi.n: quote, profile, research on wednesday posted a 52 percent increase in quarterly profit on strong new home sales orders and forecast stronger than
4			mobile	network	mobility	cellular	technology	wireless	telecommunication	carrier			verizon wireless to expand profile the carrier, which sells phones and service plans through 1,200 of its own stores, has signed an exclusive deal to place verizon wireless stores within 570 circuit city superstores nationwide.
3			business	technology	loss	profit	finance	bankruptcy	risk	money	industry			update 4: chipmaker infineon sees net income fall computer chip maker infineon technologies ag posted a 10 percent drop in net profit for the fourth quarter after taking large charges to cover potential civil claims from us and european antitrust actions, the company said tuesday.
4			electronics	computer	software	technology	innovation	apple	macintosh	ai	windows			apple 's missed opportunity by paul jackson, senior analyst. with its new imac g5, apple computer has once again come up with a unique package of design, power and ease of use.
1			election	politics	nevada	democracy	california	voting	polling	fraud	lobbying			california ag joins lawsuit suit against voting companies undated california attorney general bill lockyer has joined a lawsuit against voting equipment company diebold. it alleges the company sold the state shoddy hardware and software, exposing elections to hackers and software bugs.
4			mobile	wireless	technology	communication	photography	email	phone			a snap response cellphone users accustomed to using their phones to play computer games, listen to music, and take pictures now have something new to do with their wireless telephones: respond to magazine and outdoor advertisements.
4			electronics	cable	wired	network	technology	broadband	communication	telecommunication	fiber	wire			bells look to fiber after regulatory wins for at least a decade, phone companies have been promising to rewire america with fiber optic cables. now, with a romp of regulatory victories in hand, the regional bells say they're free to make good on that ambitious plan to bring lightning fast web and tv services to all the nation's homes.
4			battery	device	privacy	technology	storage	nokia	security			palmone unveils tungsten t5 palmone has announced a new version of its tungsten class personal digital assistant designed to protect data even when its battery dies.
2			baseball	life	basketball	sport	football	quarterback	money			back to reality there was a little less than five minutes left when receiver gerald smith threw his helmet down in frustration on the penn state sideline.
4			computer	gaming	technology	marketing	company	robot	networking	security	industry			peoplesoft woos through its woes don't say the o word at peoplesoft's conference, where the company tries to entice customers to stick around and upgrade.
1			election	nigeria	politics	democratic	democracy	china	corruption	myanmar	governance			democracy overruled united nations secretary general kofi annan expressed concern about the welfare of democracy champion aung san suu kyi after tuesday 's removal of khin nyunt as myanmar prime minister.
1			politics	election	democracy	china	stability	russia	weather	terrorism	security			observers foresee snags in u.s. election problems loom for the presidential election including voting equipment changes that could delay the outcome past nov. 2, a group of international observers said tuesday in a report.
1			politics	america	kerry	money			internet satire sequel parodies u.s. newsmakers from the creators of the political satire sensation this land comes a sequel set to the tune of dixie. the online animation good to be in dc! features the presidential and vice presidential candidates along with attorney general john ashcroft, cbs news anchor dan rather, filmmaker michael moore, talk show host rush limbaugh and jane fonda. in 'this land,' you had basically president bush and john kerry, said evan spiridellis, who co produced the cartoons with his brother, gregg...
3			business	trend	technology	company	growth	change	consolidation	industry			at expands job cut plan by about 7,500 company also will slash value of its assets by $ 11.4 billion. moves are prompted by plan to retreat from traditional consumer telephone business.
2			coaching	baseball	atlanta	basketball	sport	football	detroit	nba	memphis			aba not catching on an attempt to bring back the american basketball association hasn't succeeded, as the league loses teams and changes cities weekly.
4			computer	software	privacy	technology	microsoft	innovation	change	competition	security			will changes detract from longhorn's success? glitches are nothing new to microsoft, but could delays and confusion surrounding longhorn be detrimental to the software giant?
1			politics	election	war	democracy	violence	iran	iraq	conflict	terrorism	afghanistan			violence in afghanistan claims seven lives in afghanistan, seven people including two us soldiers died in explosions as early results from historic elections gave president hamid karzai a strong lead over his rivals.
4			electronics	battery	computer	device	technology	power	energy	design	industry			finding the right balance between power and weight electronics manufacturers are designing products that are smaller and lighter, yet offering more and more gadgets that travelers feel compelled to take with them.
4			computer	linux	hardware	technology	ip	conflict	patent	security	windows			microsoft tackles amd conflict in sp2 microsoft says sp2 may not work on computers powered by chipmaker's 64 bit processors under certain circumstances.
4			politics	computer	hacking	software	privacy	technology	encryption	internet	tech	linux			candidates sound off on tech a computer industry group asks president bush and sen. john kerry a dozen questions so voters can compare the presidential contenders' tech plans. by staci d. kramer.
4			acquisition	network	technology	ip	cisco	networking	availability	security			cisco to acquire network management vendor cisco systems on wednesday said it plans to acquire jahi networks, a privately held network management appliance vendor, in a $ 16 million deal.
1			politics	america	election	democracy	corruption	people	voter	money			newsview: flawed candidates neck and neck after two debates, voters have seen president bush look peevish and heard him pass the buck. they've watched sen. john kerry deny he's a flip flopper and then argue that saddam hussein was a threat and wasn't. it's no wonder so few minds have changed.
4			mobile	network	trend	technology	telecommunication	sms	phone			dsl tops 78 million lines worldwide the number of dsl subscribers worldwide exceeded 78 million as of 30 june 2004, up by 30 million in 12 months, according to the latest data produced for the dsl forum by industry analyst point topic.
4			computer	hacking	privacy	technology	networking	security	linux			briefly: dolby, intel sound off for developers roundup plus: aol updates instant wiretaps on feds' speed list...tellabs scales back afc mcafee exec to step down.
3			business	ceo	management	technology	marketing	strategy	leadership			frontrange ceo bullish he outlines management and strategy changes for the crm and service management company.
1			election	politics	controversy	democrat	democracy	race	debate	republican	ethics			fight over judicial nominees will go on jubliant over their election day domination, gop senators say those results prove that democrats should stay away from filibusters and other tactics they term judicial obstructionism the label conservatives used to help defeat democratic leader tom daschle.
2			baseball	hockey	nhl	sport	football	skating	money	canada			nhl on ice, maybe for whole 2004 05 season no shots, no saves, no goals. the national hockey league locked out its players, threatening to keep the sport off the ice for the entire 2004 05 season and perhaps beyond in an effort by management to gain massive economic change.
3			employee	ceo	business	management	marketing	greed	bankruptcy	money	diversity			wal mart fires 7 execs, managers wal mart stores inc. wmt.n: quote, profile, research fired three executives and four managers from its bentonville, arkansas headquarters for violating company rules, the company said on wednesday.
4			mobile	privacy	technology	broadband	wireless	telecommunication	networking	phone			verizon opts out of mobile directory verizon wireless, the nation 's largest wireless carrier, will not participate in a national 411 wireless phone database, chief executive dennis strigl told a us senate committee on tuesday.
2			coaching	baseball	team	espn	basketball	athletics	recruiting	football	coach			indiana, ole miss, byu dismiss coaches gerry dinardo, gary crowton and david cutcliffe all became unemployed coaches wednesday, upping the total coaching vacancies in division i a to 15.
3			business	ceo	restructuring	italy	finance	bankruptcy	competition	money	privatization			alitalia axe hangs over 7,000 staff as bankruptcy looms alitalia may have to slash up to 7,000 jobs, it emerged yesterday, as executives scrambled to rescue italy 's national carrier from possible bankruptcy later this month.
4			mobile	network	mobility	wireless	broadband	technology	telecommunication	spectrum			ftc lets 3g be the us ftc has set aside more spectrum for third generation cell phone calls and wireless. an additional 20 megahertz previously used by unlicensed personal communications services and mobile satellite services has been handed over to the new technology.
1			election	politics	unity	democracy	zimbabwe	unification	corruption	resignation	leadership			mugabe urges party unity amid succession struggle zimbabwe president robert mugabe called for unity on thursday amid rare public jostling within his ruling zanu pf party over who will eventually succeed the controversial 80 year old leader.
2			boxing	baseball	espn	basketball	sport	boston	celtics	playoff	nba	stats			boston celtics team report november 4 the boston celtics got their season off on a losing note on wednesday, as they dropped a 98 95 decision to the philadelphia 76ers at the fleetcenter.
4			network	privacy	technology	wireless	coverage	broadband	telecommunication	spectrum	carrier	money			verizon wireless will pay $ 3 billion for additional capacity verizon wireless said it would pay $ 3 billion in cash for the spectrum licenses owned by nextwave telecom, a move that should expand coverage for new subscribers.
4			mobile	electronics	radio	battery	television	wireless	technology	communication	telecommunication			wal mart wireless with radioshack radioshack to take over the operation of cell phone kiosks at retailer 's sam 's club stores. new york reuters radioshack corp.
4			computer	linux	hardware	software	microsoft	evolution	technology	security	windows			what will stripped down longhorn offer? it may be missing a few features, but the os will be worth the upgrade, microsoft says.
3			business	ceo	retirement	technology	money			a long goodbye at equifax give them credit, they re starting the ceo search with plenty of lead time. early in the day on aug. 18, thomas f. chapman, chairman and ceo of equifax, stated his intention to retire sometime in late 2005, according to a company statement. while such an ...
3			revenue	business	sale	profit	finance	bankruptcy	competition	money	industry			peoplesoft posts profit peoplesoft inc. on thursday returned to profit in the third quarter from a year earlier with a 12 percent rise in sales that upended market fears that oracle corp.'s takeover bid had damaged peoplesoft's business in the quarter.
1			politics	election	controversy	immigration	corruption	delay	finance	lobbying			texas grand jury indicts fundraisers with delay ties a texas grand jury on tuesday indicted three political fundraisers with ties to house majority leader tom delay r texas for allegedly funneling illegal corporate campaign donations to republican candidates for state office.
4			electronics	device	network	ethernet	technology	wireless	networking	intel			intel shows wireless transceiver prototype 90 nanometer radio chip promises more power than current cmos technology.
4			electronics	computer	software	privacy	technology	camera	photography	email	security			software tackles digital photo proliferation now that digital cameras have overtaken film cameras in sales, users are beginning to encounter a familiar problem what to do with the bulging image files and folders filling up computer hard drives?
1			politics	government	democracy	religion	money	politician			prince charles hits back at out of touch jibe prince charles will hit back on monday at government accusations that he is old fashioned and out of touch in his views on ordinary people 's aspirations.
4			computer	privacy	technology	broadband	communication	telecommunication	phone	number			senate's cellular stand it's been four months to the day since i last wrote on the subject of the cell phone industry's plan to publish your unlisted cell phone number for all the world to see and charge you for the privilege. fortunately, the u.s. senate has not been sitting on its hands all this while. yesterday, the u.s. senate commerce committee approved a bill on the proposed e411 cell phone directory, sending it on to the full senate for a floor vote.
1			politics	election	history	democracy	afghanistan	woman			afghan woman takes on presidential politics shell have to move a mountain of cultural, religious and sexual prejudice to achieve this in a country where, only a few years ago, women could not work or walk the streets on their own, and
4			electronics	battery	computer	privacy	technology	car	networking	money	phone			tech buying guide: organizers many people don 't use a handheld organizer for anything but tracking their calendar appointments and contacts lists. for them, there 's no reason to spend more than $ 100, in the form of palm 's zire 21.
4			politics	electronics	computer	biotechnology	technology	tech	energy	innovation			keeping a close eye on the election the coming presidential election is sure to be about as close as they come, and technology is at the heart of much of the surrounding discussion.
2			baseball	television	nbc	espn	basketball	sport	nfl	football	tv			monday night flap gets fcc 's attention the head of the federal communications commission joined the chorus wednesday complaining about the steamy locker room opening to abc 's monday night football.
4			electronics	computer	privacy	technology	wireless	networking	money	phone			p2p for cell phones: reach out and share something next year, wireless operators will debut ways to share a favorite ring tone. but don't expect a napster free for all.
2			america	baseball	olympics	sport	athlete	competition			gatlin and hayes win jesse owens award last summer, justin gatlin and joanna hayes thrilled us with their gold medal performances at the olympics. yesterday, these two american athletes were honored when the olympic committee awarded them both the prestigious jesse owens award.
2			baseball	hockey	nhl	trade	sport	football	player	canada			nhlpa proposal rejected the nhl and the players' association appeared headed toward a lockout when talks broke off yesterday after the union's first new proposal in nearly a year.
4			computer	microsoft	technology	company	innovation	apple	ibm	industry			pc sector sale by ibm would signal change among corporate technology managers, it's one of the oldest adages: nobody ever got fired for buying ibm.
4			windows	electronics	pc	computer	software	technology	car	size	linux			sony vaio u70p wi fi micro pc preview smaller than a laptop, bigger than a pda the perfect pc size?
3			contract	electricity	business	company	option	oil	corporation	wednesday	industry			joint venture wins enron pipeline auction enron corp. quote, profile, research on wednesday said a joint venture of southern union co. sug.n: quote, profile, research and a general electric co.
4			electronics	computer	safety	gaming	technology	networking	linux			bluetooth mini mouse news: iogear says it 's launched a rechargeable bluetooth mini mouse so road warriors can work wirelessly up to 66 feet away from their computers.
4			mobile	device	mobility	wireless	technology	nokia			palmone announces sd wifi card palmone today announces that it is to provide a second level of wireless connectivity for tungsten t3 and zire 72 handheld users with the introduction of its first wi fi card. developed specifically for handheld owners who want to complement the ...
1			politics	war	democracy	violence	negotiation	peace			ni talks reach moment of decision : blair british prime tony blair arrived today for critical northern ireland peace talks and declared: this really is the moment of decision for us.
4			computer	business	ceo	technology	microsoft	apple	ibm	ai	industry			ibm exec may become computer associates ceo troubled business software company computer associates international inc. has selected longtime ibm executive john swainson as its new chief executive, the wall street journal reported monday.
4			mobile	radio	app	music	wireless	technology	phone			napster going mobile to dial up ring tone sales napster mobile is a natural extension for the biggest brand in digital music and will enhance our development of wireless delivery, napster chairman and ceo chris gorog said.
1			politics	taiwan	democracy	china	power	woman	leadership			open letter to the ipc taiwan first lady wu shu hen has demonstrated outstanding strength in the past few days in standing up to protect the nation 's dignity and integrity.
3			yahoo	product	business	technology	company	google	email			yahoo! goes mobile on nextel yahoo! inc. is going mobile on nextel communication inc. handheld devices. a new partnership between the companies puts yahoo! e mail, instant messaging, games, news and more in nextels products.
4			technology	company	google	growth	innovation	patent	competition			google warns a slowing of growth is inevitable google warned thursday that increased competition and the maturing of the company would result in an inevitable slowing of its growth.
4			java	chip	hardware	technology	performance	intel	linux			via to throw hat in 64 bit x86 chip ring taiwanese firm makes mulitmedia performance a key measure of its upcoming processor.
2			coaching	baseball	television	retirement	basketball	sport	marketing	football	tv	money			tim and world are one maybe coach lenny wilkens should make copies of the game tape of the knicks 99 81 loss last night at sbc center and distribute them to his players as required viewing.
4			manufacturing	china	trend	technology	growth	innovation	speed	industry			slowing h2 chip sales to hit 2005's growth report cause: softening in notebook pc and mobile phone demand
4			technology	company	tech	growth	innovation	hp	intel	industry			tech stocks lead way as markets surge the tech move upward was led by intel, which rose by 1.3 percent after announcing its longtime president and coo would move up to ceo next may.
4			windows	computer	china	xp	hardware	software	technology	microsoft	linux			microsoft takes the lead over palm os for the first time according to a recent report by gartner, microsoft has taken the top spot for the first time in handheld shipments. microsoft 's windows ce has had a long lasting
3			ibm	statistics	business	technology	nokia	company	patent	money	industry			earnings alert: emc issues sunny report plus: ibm net income inches higher, despite legal bill...nokia sees lower profit but strong sales...adobe strong despite drop.
3			manufacturing	production	aviation	aircraft	manufacturer	factory	export	industry			civilian aircraft keep us factories busy in july roaring demand for civilian planes added thrust to the us manufacturing sector in july, government figures showed, an encouraging sign for factories.
4			ibm	network	ethernet	technology	cisco	telecommunication	networking	patent	security			cisco first quarter profits up 29 percent cisco systems inc.'s fiscal first quarter profits jumped 29 percent as the network equipment giant reported continued strength in its traditional markets as well as emerging technologies such as internet telephones, wireless and home networking gear.
1			politics	america	history	war	democracy	china	money	leadership			hu 's on first even though he has been china 's president for two years, hu jintao wasn 't given the powerful position of military commander until sunday.
3			politics	business	sex	marketing	money	woman	industry			wal mart's successis market driven the liberal coterie is profiting by writing about the most successful company in this country's history how women pay for wal mart's success, oct. 31 .
3			business	price	marketing	company	growth	profit	industry			coke ceo: the company may face tough times. earnings targets ... coca cola co., the worlds top soft drink maker, has lowered its long term earnings and sales targets on key markets slump. the companys ceo e. neville isdell promised cokes investors an improvement
4			computer	intel	technology	apple	hp	ibm	silicon	computing	linux			hp hands over itanium to intel news research plans for high end computing reached a sad milestone tuesday, with hewlett packard hpq:nyse news research saying it would end the partnership that developed the less than successful itanium chip.
4			china	technology	copyright	innovation	patent	research	silicon	industry			sun, kodak look to future following patent suit settlement in lieu of facing a court judgment of possibly more than us $ 1 billion, sun microsystems has agreed to pay $ 92 million to settle a long running patent infringement case with eastman kodak.
4			science	virus	computer	worm	technology	cancer			columnists: a polluted internet worms and viruses that pollute the internet aren't new. what's new is the incredible magnitude of the problem and how it's growing.
4			processor	computer	technology	power	performance	silicon	intel	linux			transmeta ships 90 nanometre processor transmeta has started shipping limited quantities of its x86 compatible efficeon tm8800 processor, a low powered cpu fabbed on 90 nanometre silicon.
1			election	ukrainian	politics	protest	democracy	russia	ukraine	opposition			ukraine opposition renews street protests over poll thousands of demonstrators pressing to install ukraine's opposition leader as president after a disputed election launched fresh street rallies in the capital for the third day wednesday.
4			cyber	computer	hacking	hacker	encryption	vulnerability	technology	attack	terrorism	security			americans fear lightning more than hackers that 's according to a straw poll of 493 people performed by the us non profit group the national cyber security alliance ncsa , which carried out a survey in mid september at the digital edge expo in washington, dc.
1			election	news	politics	rating	television	cnn	kerry	candidate			details of new john kerry television ad details of a new television ad from democratic presidential candidate john kerry to begin airing this week:
4			mobile	safety	mobility	technology	communication	robot	networking			product review: sony ericsson z500a smartphone measuring 3.6 x 1.9 x .9 inches and weighing in at 110 grams, the new sony ericsson z500a smartphone from cingular wireless enables road warriors to add a variety of highly effective tools to their mobile arsenals. included are high speed access to e mail and the internet, as well as a push to talk capability for instantly contacting fellow workers.
4			privacy	technology	innovation	patent	blackberry	google	money	silicon			rim patent suit partly upheld a u.s. appeals court upheld a patent infringement finding against blackberry e mail device maker research in motion ltd. on tuesday, but said part of the earlier court ruling was flawed and sent the case back to a lower court.
4			wikipedia	technology	internet	invention	surfing			inventor develops nose steered web surfing system has the era of hands free web surfing arrived?
3			trading	trade	trend	sale	marketing	ft	growth	earnings	industry			limited quarterly earnings climb clothing retailer limited brands inc. on thursday posted sharply higher quarterly earnings on gains from the sale of its stake in galyans trading co. and strong customer response to sales events early in the quarter.
4			digital	technology	broadband	internet	media			britons embrace digital lifestyle people in the uk are spending more time and money going digital, says communications watchdog ofcom.
1			election	politics	utah	campaign	voting	gov	race	candidate			mayoral race write in effort worries utah election officials are worried that a massive write in campaign mounted by republicans in the scandal ridden salt lake county mayoral race could hold up final results in other races around the state.
3			politics	america	history	business	greed	strategy	corporation	money			wall street's designs on '05? a merger boom after years of self doubt and housecleaning in the wake of enron, corporate america has gotten a bit of swagger back in its step.
4			grid	computer	network	collaboration	technology	patent	research	computing	linux			grid researchers go commerical the researchers who spawned the idea of grid computing will launch a company on monday to commercialise what so far has been a very academic software project for sharing computing resources.
3			job	statistics	investing	economics	company	market	growth	profit	corporation	money			local stocks a jump in job growth helped wall street inch higher last week, though intel 's lowered revenue expectations kept gains to a minimum.
4			computer	hardware	storage	machine	networking	ibm	memory	security	linux			ibm gets flexible with small storage systems key to the announcement is the fact that the systems share microcode, said dianne mcadam, senior analyst at data mobility group. that means that if i want to make a copy of a volume on the ds6000 i use the same commands as the ds8000.
4			privacy	technology	internet	change	competition	money			new fcc rule will bring high speed internet to more americans federal regulators approved new rules thursday aimed at making high speed internet available to more americans...
4			mobile	electronics	philip	device	mobility	technology	nokia	nfc	samsung	phone			samsung phones to double as wallets samsung mobile phones look set to double as m wallets as the mobile phone manufacturer signs a near field communication chip deal with philips.
1			election	america	politics	campaign	kerry	strategy	mccain			us rivals back on campaign trail george w bush and john kerry go into the final three weeks of campaigning after their last tv debate.
4			computer	linux	usb	technology	power	performance	networking	speed	reliability			new cool, quiet laptop hard drives western digital's scorpio drives promise stinging performance.
4			automobile	electronics	bmw	computer	technology	car	money	speed			green mean avnish bhatnagar has always lusted after fast cars like racy bmws. but when the california computer programmer and his wife had their first baby this year, they needed something more practical.
1			election	politics	australia	democracy	race	parliament	corruption	howard	canada			howard seizes australia's senate australia's john howard captures control of his country's senate, giving him extensive legislative power.
4			electronics	lcd	philip	manufacturing	technology	japan	manufacturer	samsung	industry			lg.philips ramps sixth gen tft plant lg.philips lcd has reported that mass production at its sixth generation thin film transistor liquid crystal display tft lcd plant in gumi, south korea, began last month.
4			electronics	device	chip	technology	power	performance	semiconductor	silicon	intel			intel to throttle power by enhancing silicon intel will try to further cut power consumption in its next generation of chips by using improved strained silicon, along with transistors that block power to other circuits, and other added features.
4			network	wireless	technology	internet	bandwidth	broadband	telecommunication	networking			does the halo 2 effect threaten broadband? the rapid growth in online game playing will put pressure on broadband networks to evolve, according to research published this week by sandvine.
1			election	politics	putin	democracy	germany	liberal	russia	ukraine			exit poll shows liberal winner in ukraine election ukrainians voted for a new president on sunday and an exit poll issued after polls closed said a west leaning liberal had beaten the ex soviet state's russian backed prime minister.
3			deal	business	nothing	oracle	bankruptcy			peoplesoft open to deal, official says the peoplesoft director who has been leading the defense of the software company's anti takeover measures said tuesday the company's board is willing to talk about a deal with rival oracle.
4			security	computer	professional	privacy	technology	standard	ethics	industry			columnists: the panacea of information security step away from all the vendor hype. the one device that will always be the best tool for information security is a competent security professional.
4			network	privacy	technology	wireless	internet	networking	money	security			most red roof inns to get wi fi hotspots accor north america has reached an agreement with t mobile usa inc. to install wireless internet access throughout all of its red roof inns over the next year, officials said...
4			computer	game	linux	gaming	hardware	technology	nokia	computing	windows			ati launches xpress 200 chipsets ati technologies has launched the radeon xpress 200 chipset with integrated directx 9 graphics for amd desktop pcs. the latest chipset is aimed at gaming enthusiasts and high definition home entertainment.
1			election	politics	president	history	democracy	corruption	religion			next president could get to reshape high court the winner of the presidential election could reshape the supreme court and could have a long lasting impact on important issues such as abortion, gay marriages and church state separation.
4			computer	safety	privacy	technology	internet	networking	email	security			lycos unfurls circles social networking site lycos inc. on wednesday will release a test version of a social networking web site that, unlike many competing ones, is more focused on letting users communicate with people they already know than on letting users get to know strangers.
3			business	china	marketing	company	blackberry	silicon	industry			the squeeze on blackberry mike lazaridis and james l. balsillie, the co ceos of research in motion ltd. rim. rim , have plenty of reason to feel on top of the world. after 20 years spent in the quiet university town of waterloo, ont., developing technology to deliver wireless e mail, their blackberry gizmo is an outright phenom. what the ipod is to mobile music lovers, the blackberry is to workers on the go. for the fiscal year ending in february, company sales should more than double, to 1...
3			politics	history	business	payroll	pay	ceo	finance	accounting	money	leadership			golisano steps down as paychex ceo tom golisano, the rochester man who turned paychex into the nation 's largest payroll services provider, is stepping down as ceo from the company he founded.
4			network	connectivity	ethernet	wireless	networking	linux			zigbee in danger of falling apart the domination of the 802.16 process by a handful of vendors is often criticized, but at least it has resulted in a measure of unity that is looking increasingly enviable as the other key ieee wireless efforts fall prey to dangerous fragmentation, which
4			programming	music	technology	microsoft	entertainment	content	multimedia	video	media			bill gates charges forward into digital entertainment today at the los angeles shrine auditorium, microsoft 's chairman and chief software architect bill gates laid out his vision of the future of multimedia.
1			election	politics	democrat	party	reconstruction	republican	louisiana	arkansas			republicans, democrats swap louisiana house seats the 2004 u.s. elections ended on saturday with republicans and democrats swapping one u.s. house of representatives seat each in runoff elections in louisiana.
4			authentication	networking	technology	vulnerability	solution	vendor	competition	security	industry			small vendors issue security challenge to large competitors four vendors of application security products have created an alliance to challenge the ability of large scale vendors such as check point software technologies, cisco systems, juniper networks
4			improvement	software	technology	evolution	upgrade	innovation	security			peoplesoft rolls out upgrade incentive program peoplesoft wants its customers to get aggressive with software upgrades to increase efficiency and cost benefits. in the context of current corporate maneuvering in the enterprise software world, the word takes on some extra flavor.
4			extension	ethernet	wireless	standard	technology	networking	patent			wi fi extensions should breathe new life into 802.11a extension ratified for japanese and us public safety band
4			science	computer	technology	blackberry	research	google	phone			vodafone gets charmed by rims blackberry 7100v and wouldnt you know? european wireless carrier vodafone gets its own version of research in motions new more cellphone like blackberry that uses the same type of predictive text keyboard as the one
4			computer	linux	hardware	technology	power	performance	networking	computing	server			it is a race! well, we finally have an official introduction of both the giants dual core cpu power...intel and amd must have come to the same conclusions earlier this decade since today we have seen server demonstrations with 90nm server chips from both companies.
4			game	gaming	hardware	software	technology	patent	industry			briefly: via brings pci express to amd pcs roundup plus: rice lab makes nano parts less chip company gets $ 19 million...oracle extends deadline on peoplesoft sells game clips for 99 cents.
3			bakery	business	bankruptcy	competition	food			wonder bread parent files for bankruptcy the parent company of the downtown wonder bread bakery filed for chapter 11 bankruptcy protection wednesday in an attempt to restructure its struggling operations.
4			chip	intel	technology	performance	semiconductor	silicon	speed	computing	linux			amd chips edge ahead of intel figures from zdnet germany labs indicate that amd's fastest chips outpace those of intel for mainstream applications.
1			politics	america	election	democrat	iraq	bush	kerry	strategy	republican			democrats urge kerry to turn up intensity of campaign leading democrats have urged john kerry's aides to concentrate on challenging president bush on domestic issues.
1			politics	election	statistics	taiwan	result	china	voting	polling	turnout			strong turnout marked in hk election hong kong voters made a strong turnout sunday in a hard fought legislative election being closely watched by beijing. as of 5:30 pm, turnout was 35.
4			science	technology	invention	innovation	research	competition	money	idea			do good! win a prize! while nobel prizes are given for past performance, other types of inducement prizes are intended to spur innovation. do they do the job?
4			linux	manufacturing	intel	technology	tech	innovation	silicon	security	industry			intel sets off new jitters the tech sector continues to sit on unstable ground, with intel corp. lowering its forecast due to lagging consumer demand for technology products and fueling investor buzz of weakness in the sector.
4			computer	computing	linux	java	hardware	microsoft	networking	security	windows			vmware previews virtual server hoping to keep the heat on archrival microsoft, vmware on wednesday will give developers a glimpse of an early version of its virtual smp product that allows a single virtual machine to work with as many as four processors, which in turn can more effectively drive mission critical applications.
1			politics	diplomacy	diplomat	war	negotiation	peace	iraq	strategy	conflict	terrorism			powell states preference for diplomacy with his time in office running out, secretary of state colin powell is acknowledging differences with others in the bush administration and suggesting the disputes centered on his preference for diplomacy over force to resolve problems.
1			politics	government	congress	business	budget	economics	finance	corporation	money			drm is doubleplus good for business, congress advised the budget office and the case of the disappearing public interest
2			boxing	injury	baseball	espn	basketball	sport	football	nba	wrestling			clippers' brand suspended one game los angeles clippers forward elton brand was suspended tuesday for one game by the nba for shoving charlotte's emeka okafor during the fourth quarter of monday night's game.
4			device	mobility	india	technology	internet	patent	linux			amd introduces low cost net access device in india u.s. chip maker advanced micro devices inc. has introduced a low cost internet access device that could cost just a few hundred dollars, aimed at first time technology users in the developing world.
1			politics	life	democracy	people	god	money			shroomin' at the ballot box approximately three hours ago, i decided to do mushrooms for the first time in nearly four years. seemed as good a time as any. it's a sunny october day in denver. brown leaves constantly cascade on me as i walk down the sidewalk, blissfully trying to ignore the crackheads who think i'm a walking atm and a group of ese's who are giving me the evil eye. church bells are ringing ringing...ringing really that always happen around noon? crazy black dudes are singing along with their 1991 era walkmans. everything was peaceful, and i felt at one with the universe. why oh why did i decide to fuck it all up by going to vote today?
4			electronics	computer	gaming	chip	technology	copyright	bankruptcy	patent			court rules against lexmark a federal appeals court yesterday lifted a ban that prevented a north carolina company from selling chips that allowed lexmark international competitors to refill toner cartridges for some of the lexington manufacturer 's printers.
4			politics	science	electronics	sport	biotechnology	technology	tech	innovation	industry			tech goes for gold in athens the success of this year's olympic games in athens rides on the fruits of high tech labor, no matter whether it's the security system, events results or studying sharkskin to build a better swimsuit.
1			election	politics	prison	democracy	parliament	censorship	corruption	terrorism	opposition			sri lankan opposition mp jailed a leading sri lankan opposition politician is given a prison sentence for defaming the supreme court.
2			coaching	baseball	learning	basketball	sport	recruiting	football	coach	teaching	education			gulls settling in to varsity roost joining the ranks of collegiate varsity football last year was like starting from scratch for endicott college coach j.b. wells and his staff. with so many talented yet inexperienced players forced to play key roles for the second year program, which had just moved up from the subvarsity level, wells and his staff were forced to do a lot of teaching.
2			politics	controversy	baseball	soccer	sport	football	stadium	money			cropp not shaken by mlb 's reaction dc council chair linda cropp isn 't shaken by major league baseball calling the dc council 's measure requiring 50 percent private financing for a new stadium wholly unacceptable.
4			network	connectivity	ethernet	wireless	technology	internet	networking	linux			internet overlay could boost performance the internet could be made more secure, reliable and powerful by overlaying new networking technology on top of the existing backbone, according to the world 's leading microchip maker, intel.
1			election	abortion	politics	war	democracy	veteran	money			pentagon to post write in ballot on web the pentagon will post on its web site a federal write in ballot for civilian and military voters overseas who do not get their regular absentee ballot in time, a spokesman said wednesday.
1			politics	america	history	democracy	race	fact	economics	reality	money			us shows its muscle in international trade us trade policy is far from perfect, of course. but election year rhetoric, particularly that on outsourcing of jobs, may have given some americans a distorted view of reality.
3			computer	statistics	business	economics	finance	accounting	money			accounting department as papa griffith used to say every jan. 1, well, it looks like we made it through another year.
4			network	technology	cisco	communication	networking	patent	email			cisco cements walkie talkie deal the san jose, calif., networking giant said monday that it will pay $ 55 million in cash for closely held dynamicsoft, a communications software developer based in parsippany, nj the company specializes in push to talk technology.
2			politics	baseball	hockey	soccer	athletics	sport	basketball	football	burke			brown taps burke as assistant captain gerry burke of milton, a senior at brown university, has been elected as an assistant captain on the varsity hockey team.
4			processor	computer	chip	intel	technology	apple	semiconductor	silicon	computing	linux			nvidia to make chipsets for intel intel corporation signed a cross licensing agreement with nvidia corporation, which allows nvidia to make and sell chipsets for intel processor powered computers.
1			politics	election	president	peru	terrorism	money	assassination	politician			peru president's kin create headaches if u.s. presidents jimmy carter or bill clinton ever thought their brothers caused them public relations headaches, they might feel lucky compared to peruvian president alejandro toledo.
4			processor	detail	hardware	technology	apple	intel	security	linux			intel to ship dual core xeon in 2006 company denies the chip has been delayed, but many had expected it sooner.
2			baseball	espn	volleyball	athletics	sport	basketball	recruiting	football	ncaa			ohio state banned ohio state has imposed a one year postseason ban on its men's basketball team after the university admits former coach jim o'brien gave a recruit $ 6,000.
2			team	statistics	jazz	basketball	sport	player	scoring	nba	stats			nba game summary chicago at phoenix joe johnson registered 11 points for the suns, who posted a season low 12 points in the third quarter...tyson chandler finished with 10 points and nine boards for the bulls, who fell to 0 6 on the road this season...casey jacobsen and leandro barbosa
4			product	sale	digital	technology	marketing	camera	photography	industry			digital cameras aid jessops sales specialist retailer jessops says the popularity of digital cameras has helped to boost its profits.
4			australia	privacy	technology	ip	communication	telecommunication	industry			uk watchdog sets out voip policy the regulator for the uks communications industries today set out details of its approach to new voice services such as internet telephony.
2			coaching	baseball	navy	statistics	basketball	sport	recruiting	defense	football	washington			undefeated navy sinks air force 24 21 geoff blumenfeld picked a good time to make his first field goal of the season, nailing a 30 yarder with 4 seconds left to lift navy to a 24 21 victory over air force on thursday night.
3			revenue	data	privacy	technology	finance	profit	research	industry			novell posts 3rd quarter profit, revenue rises novell thursday posted a quarterly profit as revenue rose, but the company warned that spending on information technology by companies remained weak.
2			coaching	baseball	basketball	sport	rule	wnba	football	nba	money			grievance hearing to proceed after nba says it won 't seek tro the nba informed the players union sunday it will not seek a temporary restraining order in federal court, clearing the way for a grievance hearing over suspensions for the pacers pistons brawl.
4			presentation	java	microsoft	technology	platform	multimedia	windows			microsoft releases avalon preview software giant microsoft released a community technology preview of the next generation presentation subsystem of their upcoming operating system longhorn.
4			electronics	technology	smartphone	nokia	samsung	phone			samsung shows 5 megapixel camera phone device will capture high resolution still images and video and it still makes phone calls. samsung electronics will begin selling a cell phone that includes a 5 megapixel digital camera, the company says.
2			cycling	doping	athletics	sport	football	athlete	russia	azerbaijan			dope cheats banned for life two powerlifters from azerbaijan have tested positive for banned substances in initial doping tests and are banned for life from the paralympics, officials said today.
2			baseball	injury	sport	football	quarterback			jags qb leftwich sidelined with sprained knee byron leftwich once played a college football game with a fractured shin. so will a sprained left knee put the jacksonville jaguars quarterback on the sidelines?
1			election	politics	democracy	lobbying	censorship	internet	email	ethics			fec may regulate web political activity with political fund raising, campaign advertising and organizing taking place in full swing over the internet, it may just be a matter of time before the federal election commission joins the action.
3			electronics	business	sale	technology	marketing	samsung	industry			source: samsung profit below forecast samsung electronics co. ltd.'s third quarter operating profit has fallen around 10 percent short of market forecasts due to weak sales of flat screens, a source familiar with the company's business said on friday.
3			product	business	sale	technology	marketing	company	commerce	networking	money			choosing domain names for professional sites choosing domain names for professional sites a professional or business site is one where the primary purpose of the site is to facilitate business transactions. you can sell items directly online or exclusively offline, but the result is the same. you want customers to buy products and or service directly from you. to ...
4			device	mobility	ethernet	technology	nokia	wireless	siemens	networking			skype siemens bring wireless voip siemens have announced the availability of a range of handsets that works with voice over ip voip software, skype. simply by plugging the a usb adapter in to a computer running an updated version of skype
3			science	history	business	technology	marketing	piracy	advertising			transmeta suffers hype and hardware reality perhaps the decision to name its flagship product after a fictional shipwrecked traveler who spent almost 30 years trapped on a small island was not the best of omens for transmeta corp.
1			politics	election	controversy	war	violence	bush	terrorism	gun			kerry chides bush on assault weapons ban sen. john kerry sought to make president bush pay a political price monday for the expiration of a partial assault weapons ban, but other democrats reacted warily on an issue that has hurt the party in recent elections...
2			coaching	baseball	homecoming	basketball	athletics	sport	recruiting	football	maryland			stonehill has grand opening stonehill rolled up 349 yards of total offense in a 23 6 northeast 10 conference victory over assumption yesterday in easton, snapping a seven game winless streak dating to last season and winning its first season opener in seven years.
4			security	hacking	technology	vulnerability	encryption	networking	spying	surveillance			blue coat tool targets spyware the tool from blue coat systems detects spyware at the internet gateway as well as the desktop and is designed to keep it from affecting network performance and security.
4			electronics	battery	pc	computer	china	technology	power	japan	linux			smaller, more powerful pc fuel cell is on the way a new fuel cell for notebook pcs, more compact and powerful than competing technologies, could be on the market in early 2006 at a price of around us $ 90, its japanese inventors said tuesday.
4			developer	application	java	software	microsoft	development	tool	windows			microsoft previews 'whitehorse' developer tools the tools, part of an upcoming visual studio update, are focused on making it easier to create customized web applications.
2			coaching	baseball	australia	athletics	sport	football	athlete	tennis	competition			agents seek bigger voice in sport's future a newly formed group of athletes' representatives are meeting in miami this week to seek a larger voice in the development of athletics.
4			mobile	electronics	handheld	device	technology	nokia	smartphone	phone			smartphones put handhelds on hold the incredible shrinking handheld market continued its decline in the third quarter, with market leader palmone plmo:nasdaq news research continuing to lose its stature, according to a report issued wednesday.
4			computer	network	connectivity	privacy	wireless	broadband	internet	communication	networking	email			wireless utopia in light of the new treo release from yesterday i've been thinking a lot about wireless, bluetooth, and mobile devices. its obvious to many that the future involves persistent connection. why would you ever want to be off the internet? i want my cell phone to support ip and the ability to connect to my laptop. bluetooth gives me this now but voip will give it to me in the future. why do i need cell phone with service from sprint when i can use skype or sip? thers no reason i couldn't have both my laptop and cell permanently connected to the net. when my laptop isn't within range of a decent wifi signal it can revert to using my cell phone. you could then im me or voip me at any time ...
4			windows	flash	device	java	software	technology	silicon	intel	linux			intel polishes first flash development kit for mobiles intel has unveiled its first flash software developer kit sdk for mobiles, promising that the flash data integrator 6.0 intel fdi will help developers boost performance of advanced applications for multimedia smartphones.
2			boxing	doping	athletics	sport	football	athlete	terrorism	racism			panathinaikos 2 arsenal 2 jens lehmann was for the high jump last night after his double cock up in the olympic city. one howler might have been excused but two was simply unforgivable.
4			electronics	battery	computer	electricity	technology	solar	power	energy	silicon			portable panels mean power in your pocket european scientists have developed light, flexible solar panels that could be sewn on fabrics and placed on surfaces to charge objects ranging from cellphones and dvd players to batteries.
2			baseball	patriot	sport	boston	football			patriots are just ... well ... different foxboro the patriots minds and bodies hum along at a higher frequency than that which the 31 topsy turvy teams occupying the rest of the nfl tune into.
1			election	politics	democracy	egypt	corruption	bangladesh	opposition	bahrain			maldives political reforms cosmetic opposition the chief political opponent of maldives president maumoon abdul gayoom on friday accused asia's longest serving ruler of continuing to stifle democracy despite his pledges of reform.
4			science	electronics	radio	radiation	medicine	chemicals	technology	drug	industry			radio tagging drug bottles to combat counterfeiting, usa medicine bottles in the usa are going to have miniscule radio antennas mini masts as manufacturers try to combat growing counterfeiting of drugs.
4			mobile	wired	network	technology	broadband	ip	wireless	telecommunication	networking			qualcomm plans to phone it in on cellular repairs com october 25, 2004, 3:59 pm pt. wired wireless continues its reign at the top spot among it priorities due to widespread ip telephony and wireless deployment.
4			ibm	manufacturing	technology	performance	semiconductor	silicon	intel	computing	linux			ibm amd team up on strained silicon ibm and advanced micro devices amd are jointly developing a new method for implementing strained silicon technology. to improve performance on processors from both companies as early as next year.
4			computer	business	privacy	technology	microsoft	networking	pcs	email	windows			microsoft links pc to phone, to create communication hub that rewrite of the old microsoft corp. motto might not fit precisely, but the redmond company yesterday showed its ever expanding ambitions with new software that connects the desktop computer to the traditional telephone next to it.
2			coaching	soccer	athletics	sport	football	footballer	fifa	referee	uefa			fifa aims to help players prepare for 2006 world cup fifa is looking at ways to help players prepare better for major international tournaments starting with the 2006 world cup. the football committee and technical and development
4			network	technology	broadband	ip	internet	microsoft	telecommunication	windows			telecom italia trials iptv services with microsoft telecom italia will begin testing the microsoft iptv platform. the microsoft tv iptv platform enables broadband network operators to deliver high quality video content and services using existing and next generation networks.
1			election	politics	result	voting	tuesday	race	candidate	primary			highlights from tuesday's primaries highlights from the eight states that held primaries tuesday:
2			politics	baseball	sport	rule	football	money			gotta love this time of year this has been one heck of a season thus far. every week, there have been games that have been dynamite. i can understand the proponents of keeping the bowl system the way it is.
4			windows	application	software	technology	microsoft	migration	networking	linux			microsoft puts the moves on netware customers microsoft announced today that they were rolling out a new set of tools under the mid market netware migration program banner, aimed at convincing existing netware clients to move to windows server 2003 instead of linux.
2			coaching	baseball	statistics	athletics	sport	recruiting	football	money	byu			jerry graybeal resigns as weber state coach after 1 10 season weber state football coach jerry graybeal has stepped down after a 1 10 season, the worst in the program 's 43 year history. graybeal informed athletics director william j. weidner of his decision tuesday and
1			politics	america	election	history	life	democracy	people	pr	money			few tough questions at 'town hall' events president bush and sen. john kerry talk often about the needs and ambitions of ordinary people, but neither encounters many along a campaign trail defined by the exquisitely stage managed photo op and fortified by secret service agents.
4			catalyst	connectivity	ethernet	technology	cisco	networking	seo	switch			cisco enhances catalyst switch range cisco said that its ip phone allows unconstrained gigabit ethernet enabled bandwidth from the network to desktop phone. cisco 's catalyst 6500 supervisor engine 32 has been enhanced to allow customers to enable
4			electronics	application	device	technology	fr	robot	innovation			seiko epson unveil updated micro flying robot seiko epson have unveiled their latest wireless flying micro robot named the fr ii. the successor to the fr robot the latest micromechatronic contraption has a number of improvements.
4			computer	manufacturing	technology	performance	innovation	ibm	silicon	computing	industry			ibm triples transistor performance with germanium ibmhas successfully demonstrated a new technique for improving transistor performance that will help the company build smaller, more powerful chips in the next decade, company researchers said monday.
4			computer	mac	hardware	networking	technology	hp	intel	computing	linux			virginia tech beefs up mac supercomputer com october 25, 2004, 9:00 pm pt. zdnet 's survey of it professionals in october kept upgrading hardware at number two on the businesses radar throughout the year.
3			michael	business	ceo	retirement	fleet	money	number			fleet's turn back in the days when fleet financial was riding high, rolling up the new england banking industry, michael zucchini was the man ceo terry murray turned to right after he was done with his latest press conference regarding his latest acquisition.
1			election	politics	beijing	taiwan	democracy	china	voting	polling	religion			hk votes in close poll, focus on more democracy hong kong residents voted on sunday in a legislative election seen as a referendum on greater democracy and a test of popularity for china 's communist rulers in the former british colony.
4			mobile	technology	nokia	ios	phone			benq wins odm contract from nokia some industry observers had predicted that benq had shot itself in the foot by promoting its own branded mobile handsets at the recent european footie soccer fest in portugal.
1			election	politics	romania	race	bulgaria	dr			nastase and basescu in close finish in romanian presidential vote romania 's presidential election ended in suspense as exit polls disagreed on whether prime minister adrian nastase had won narrowly or tied with his centre right rival traian basescu.
2			baseball	drinking	sport	football	money	beer	alcohol			beer swilling idiots should bear most of the blame there 's a common misconception in the world of sports often voiced by beer toting fans as if it were defensible in a court of law.
4			industry	statistics	pc	computer	microsoft	technology	apple	pcs	computing	linux			study: apple, dell lead pc customer satisfaction index technical support improvements lead to better overall scores for pc industry.
2			baseball	violence	basketball	sport	football	softball			throw lands pitcher in jail incidents between baseball players and fans have long been part of the game. but they seem to be getting uglier with each year, and an imbroglio monday night in oakland, calif.
2			coaching	retirement	jazz	espn	sport	basketball	recruiting	coach	nba	memphis			grizzlies name fratello head coach mike fratello returned to the nba coaching ranks thursday when the memphis grizzlies selected the former atlanta hawks and cleveland cavaliers coach as their new head coach.
4			electricity	network	connectivity	technology	wireless	internet	broadband	telecommunication	speed			fcc eases high speed network rules agency gives phone companies more leeway in sharing connections. also: broadband over power lines gets green light.
1			election	politics	government	democracy	voting	vs	canada	alberta			b.c.'s citizens' assembly on electoral reform getting close to decision vancouver cp less than a year before british columbia plays host to the 2010 winter olympics, provincial voters may be choosing their government using a different, more fair and more popular system.
3			insurance	business	greed	debt	finance	fraud	bankruptcy	competition	money			carb craze casualty twinkies maker interstate bakeries corp., the nation 's largest wholesale baker, filed for bankruptcy protection yesterday after failing to meet auditor deadlines for financial reports.
2			baseball	history	statistics	doping	sport	race	football	time			record breaking night the world record was like graffiti on a masterpiece, a reminder of a sport 's dark past.
4			industry	ibm	computer	manufacturing	technology	hp	patent	corporation	productivity	linux			hewlett packard posts 26.5 per cent rise in fourth quarter profits hewlett packard co. reported tuesday a 26.5 per cent rise in fourth quarter profit on the strength of record revenue growth across all of the computer manufacturing giant 's businesses.
4			computer	application	java	storage	networking	ibm	computing	linux			ibm adds high end, midrange disk arrays new york ibm last week unveiled two new enterprise class disk arrays. one is aimed at the high end and one at midrange environments, but both have compatible software
2			coaching	olympics	basketball	volleyball	sport	swimming			coaching likely in staley 's olympic future with a gold medal dangling from her neck, dawn staley said saturday that she won 't play basketball in the olympics again. she sure would like to coach in one, though.
4			surveillance	privacy	wireless	technology	broadband	speed	phone	number			will cell numbers be listed with 411? senators threaten to enact an opt in rule. wireless carriers say it's not necessary because they're doing just that.
3			business	sale	technology	tech	growth	profit	innovation	hp	industry			tech market indeed soft, but hp woes one of a kind hp and cisco spooked investors with recent comments about sales, but analysts say the overall tech market is still inching along.
4			electronics	battery	computer	television	privacy	technology	car	tv			circuit city gets online makeover if you build it, or in the case of circuit city's web site, re build it, they won't necessarily come. so, to ensure visits to the new , the electronics retailer yesterday started rolling out a multimedia push that promotes a plasma screen tv makeover online contest that carries a grand prize of five flat screen tvs and home theater equipment worth 20,000.
4			technology	windows	microsoft	linux			allchin on longhorn: we ve had to make some hard trade offs jim allchin, microsoft group vice president for platforms, discussed microsoft 's recent decisions on windows longhorn development in a recorded message for microsoft 's channel 9 that was
1			election	politics	president	history	death	succession	thailand	monarch			cambodia pm urges swift succession if king retires cambodian prime minister hun sen, concerned for his country's political stability, said on sunday that a new monarch should be chosen next week if king norodom sihanouk was determined to retire.
2			politics	doping	athletics	race	sport	football	brazil	athlete	religion			brazil appeals for gold brazilian sports officials blamed inadequate security for a defrocked priest's bizarre attack on the olympic marathon leader, and said yesterday they will appeal to world track authorities for a duplicate gold medal.
3			share	trend	company	stock	google			stocks to watch on aug. 20 u.s. stocks to watch: google inc. google shares jumped 18 percent in their long awaited stock market debut on thursday after a scaled down $ 1.67 billion ipo marked by missteps and lackluster market conditions. the stock closed at $ 100.34.
4			computer	technology	automation	innovation	everything	money	complexity			ca ceo: it is too complex editor 's summary: the new ceo at computer associates has spoken! he said in a speech this week that it products are not being designed with the customers needs in mind and that the products out there are too complex.
2			coaching	baseball	statistics	doping	basketball	sport	recruiting	football	scandal			former kan. junior college coach indicted a former junior college basketball coach was indicted on charges that he provided false academic information about his athletes to division i schools looking to recruit the players.
3			politics	history	business	economics	greed	finance	bankruptcy	competition	money			stelco 's bankruptcy restructuring looks more like an auction 10 ... the steel market has been hotter than a blast furnace lately. so, too, are critics of stelco inc., who question whether the company should have been declared insolvent ahead of such strong market conditions.
3			income	statistics	revenue	price	sale	marketing	loss	profit	competition			albertsons profit falls albertsons inc. , the second largest u.s. grocer, on tuesday reported a substantial drop in second quarter profit due to costly promotions aimed at reviving sales following a southern california labor strike.
4			computer	pc	technology	microsoft	apple	ibm	pcs	security	linux			gartner: third of top pc vendors gone in three years three of the top 10 pc vendors will be pushed out of the business by 2007, research firm gartner predicted monday. by gregg keizer.
4			radio	network	aviation	privacy	technology	communication	telecommunication	phone			fcc to consider allowing cell phones on planes the us federal communications commission fcc on wednesday kicked off efforts that could reshape the communications services available to airline passengers.
3			politics	rival	business	competitor	greed	fraud	competition	money	security			nortel stock battered by more bad news shares in nortel networks corp. dropped 9 per cent yesterday after the telecom equipment giant, the subject of several canadian and us accounting probes, hinted that rivals are taking a bite out of its market share.
4			device	technology	nokia	smartphone	samsung	phone			samsung i730, ev do, early 2005 a samsung executive yesterday let it be known that samsung would ship a mobile phone using the ev do high speed data standard in early 2005.
1			election	indonesia	politics	democracy	polling	poll	corruption	iran	jakarta			poll indicates crushing defeat for megawati in indonesian election an opinion poll published in jakarta shows indonesia 's president megawati sukarnoputri is set for a crushing defeat in next monday 's presidential election run off.
2			baseball	hockey	schedule	basketball	athletics	sport	golf	football	tennis			today's schedule college field hockey: fitchburg st. at endicott, 3:30 p.m.; regis at umass dartmouth, 3:30 p.m.; lasell at unew england, 3:30 p.m.; saint anselm at stonehill, 4 p.m.; bentley at aic, 4 p.m.; gordon at nichols, 4 p.m.; trinity at eastern conn., 4 p.m.; dartmouth at unh, 7 p.m.; merrimack at umass lowell, 7 p.m.; anna maria at clark, 7 p.m.
4			television	mobility	technology	broadband	internet	telecommunication	multimedia			orca interactive plans aim flotation emblaze lse: blz group company orca interactive means to float stock on london 's aim stock exchange. orca develops flexible solutions for broadband commercial television over the internet.
3			share	investor	speculation	investment	investing	shareholder	company	finance	money			investors in starhub sell shares shareholders in starhub, singapore 's second largest phone company, on wednesday raised 457.7 million singapore dollars, or $ 271 million, in an initial public offering after selling shares at the lowest targeted price, bankers involved said.
4			hacking	software	privacy	microsoft	biotechnology	company	technology	patent	security	linux			symantec in $ 13bn veritas merger norton antivirus software maker symantec merges with veritas software in a $ 13bn deal.
4			electronics	radio	application	technology	standard	licensing	copyright	patent			intermec offers up rfid patents for free intermec technologies inc. has agreed to waive intellectual property licensing fees for 60 days on 14 patents in hopes of spurring more companies to build prototypes based next generation standards for radio frequency identification.
4			network	connectivity	technology	storage	networking	availability	security	linux			network appliance offers up flexible storage the vendor adds features to its storage appliance to quickly bring back online storage that had been dedicated to an underused application.
2			politics	baseball	history	college	voting	sport	race	football	competition			the process of picking a winner poses issues the college football season enters its final weekend on saturday, but the suspense surrounding the heisman trophy is already gone.
2			scotland	baseball	hockey	rugby	soccer	athletics	sport	golf	football			football 's scottish claymores are sacked scottish claymores, the glasgow based american football team of the nfl europe league, have ceased operations after 10 seasons. the league called it an economic decision to close down the only american football team in the uk.
2			baseball	basketball	sport	football	money			still waiting for a new home the metrostars' telephone conference call after m.l.s.'s expansion draft was a lot like the team's disappointing season snaps, crackles but ultimately no pop.
4			automobile	electronics	battery	computer	technology	gps	car			first look: cobra's imperfect portable automobile gps new navone offers handy pda and pocket pc connectivity, but fails to impress on everything else.
4			science	ipod	music	technology	innovation	research	astronomy	physics			duke enrollment package: new ipod instead of the usual blue devils t shirt and ball cap, duke university freshmen receive a free ipod engraved with the school's crest. the school hopes the devices will be used for recording lectures and capturing scientific data.
1			election	politics	tory	labour	democracy	conservative	candidate	strategy			howard unveils election platform the tories will stand up for the forgotten majority , says michael howard as he unveils the tory election manifesto.
4			application	java	microsoft	technology	architecture	patent	windows			ivory keys in mainframe apps to web services gt software next week will formally unveil its platform for outfitting mainframe applications with web services functionality and linking legacy data into soas service oriented architectures .
4			hacking	network	privacy	wireless	technology	email	phone			verizon granted injunction against spammer verizon wireless today announced it was granted a permanent legal injunction against a rhode island spammer who sent unsolicited messages to wireless phones.
4			mobile	battery	electronics	technology	nokia	smartphone	phone			palmone updates treo phone with display, battery palmone inc. on monday unveiled a new version of its popular treo that adds a removable battery and short range wireless technology to the device, which combines a mobile phone and digital organizer.
4			safety	network	privacy	technology	protection	vulnerability	encryption	security	reliability			symantec plugs holes in firewall most it managers won 't question the importance of security, but this priority has been sliding between the third and fourth most important focus for companies.
3			investment	investing	debt	finance	wealth	money	banking			ubs in private banking deal baer 's north american wealth management business employs 55 people and manages more than $ 4 billion in client assets. it is based in manhattan and has additional offices in los angeles, palm beach and montreal.
4			politics	technology	time	money	email	security			bill gates dubbed most spammed person in the world january 2006 can 't come too soon for bill gates because that is the date by which he believes the spam problem will be solved.
1			politics	money			title party crasher? all auburn can do now is take care of business the next few weeks and hope the votes and the computer rankings fall its way.
4			process	device	manufacturing	technology	semiconductor	memory	silicon	intel			intel demonstrates next generation process technology intel corporation has built fully functional sram static random access memory chips using 65 nanometer nm technology, its next generation high volume semiconductor manufacturing process.
4			mobile	privacy	technology	broadband	internet	email			new kazaa version to feature online calling moving beyond media downloads, leading peer to peer p2p file sharing company kazaa, is now offering free, internet based telephone service via the skype voice over internet protocol voip application.
4			electronics	sprint	wireless	technology	broadband	networking	money	speed	phone			gradual changes to come for sprint, nextel cell phone shoppers looking for new deals and features didn't find them thursday, a day after the phone companies announced a merger that they promised would shake up the wireless business.
2			baseball	hockey	travel	schedule	basketball	sport	boston	celtics			celtics trip on first step in loss to kings celtics coach doc rivers knows the first game of an extended west coast swing can set the tone for the entire trip. boston can only hope its 119 105 loss to the kings last night does not set a pattern for the remaining four games on the itinerary. otherwise, the trip might seem a lot longer than the scheduled ...
2			coaching	baseball	espn	basketball	conference	sport	acc	recruiting	football	coach			a league by itself with six teams nationally ranked in the top 20, including three in the top four, the acc remains the preeminent conference of college basketball.
4			spec	java	collaboration	technology	standard	api	xml	industry			utility computing spec takes refuge in oasis data center markup language organization joins xml body to broaden industry adoption.
1			election	politics	australia	conservative	bush			australias conservatives handed historic free rein to impose ... prime minister john howard looked set sunday to hold the most powerful mandate of any australian leader in a generation after weekend elections handed him effective control of both houses of parliament and free rein to impose his conservative
1			politics	election	controversy	democrat	congress	delay	debate	republican			house gop alters its rules to shield combative delay washington ; house republicans changed a party rule wednesday to allow rep. tom delay of texas to remain as majority leader even if indicted in an investigation of campaign finance violations in his home state.
4			electronics	battery	computer	chip	technology	apple	semiconductor	silicon	intel			world chip plants run at fastest rate in 4 years the world's chip factories operated at their fastest rate in almost four years in the april june period, boosted by demand for chips for cellphones and digital appliances such as flat panel tvs, an industry group said on tuesday.
2			baseball	sex	sport	football	love	money			a 's stretch al west lead if anyone wasn 't quite sure whether 22 year old a 's righty rich harden is ready for prime time, they got their answer on friday night.
2			doping	athletics	race	sport	athlete	fraud	ethics	cycling			greek sprinter says he didn 't fake accident greeces disgraced olympic sprint champion costas kenteris on sunday broke a lengthy silence since the end of the athens games to deny faking a motorcycle crash to avoid a doping test.
3			business	management	sport	company	corporate	advertising	corporation	competition			olympic games the first olympic games were dedicated to the olympian gods and were staged on the ancient plains of olympia, famous for its magnificent temples of the gods zeus and hera. take the rediff business quiz and find out what role the corporates play in the ...
3			mobile	australia	revenue	company	growth	money	industry			mmo2 lifts revenue target for uk strong growth in uk customer numbers at mmo2 has enabled the mobile operator to raise its uk revenue growth forecast. in a trading update, mmo2 said it now expected uk revenue to grow by 9 12 in the year
4			processor	chip	hardware	technology	performance	semiconductor	memory	intel			amd plans to show chip before intel san francisco advanced micro devices has brought forward a demonstration of its version of a new approach to processor design, with a chip that is expected to offer faster computing and relatively less power consumption.
4			privacy	technology	marketing	internet	strategy	advertising			aol shifts strategy to attract more advertisers, users for years, america online inc. grew steadily into the nation's biggest internet service by treating subscribers to exclusive content and services it hoped would produce the sort of captive audience that advertisers crave. but now, with users departing for faster or cheaper online competitors, company officials are re thinking their walled garden strategy.
4			windows	software	privacy	broadband	technology	internet	microsoft	pcs	linux			microsoft comes to small screen comcast cable yesterday announced a plan to roll out microsoft 's software across its digital cable system in washington state.
4			windows	electronics	pc	computer	software	technology	pcs	design	linux			evesham e box media center 2005 pc review evesham 's first attempt at a media center pc, the emedia, was, to be honest, far from perfect. but the uk pc maker learned from the mistakes it made, and went back to the drawing board.
1			politics	corruption	power	greed	money			corporate watchdog is keeping busy nell minow has never been afraid to confront the power brokers in corporate america, first as a fund manager and more recently as a watchdog waving red flags about excessive executive pay, questionable
4			electronics	dell	computer	software	technology	power	networking	silicon	linux			this week in dell news dell gets set to roll out its poweredge 1855 blade server line a home grown design, this month.
3			ibm	business	oracle	finance	database	analytics	accounting	industry			oracle posts higher second quarter profit business software maker oracle corp. on monday posted a higher quarterly profit on firm demand for its market leading database software.
4			mobile	technology	networking	email	windows			general wireless technology opens up new ways for pc users to ... stockholm, sweden, october 11 prnewswire following an agreement between vodafone uk, starhome and general wireless, vodafone 's business customers can now send and receive text messages sms in their ms outlook and lotus notes.
4			electronics	computer	graphic	television	technology	marketing	display	japan	tv			hitachi, matsushita, toshiba in lcd venture japan's hitachi ltd., matsushita electric industrial co. and toshiba corp. struck a deal to jointly make displays for flat screen televisions, starting as early as july 2006, the companies said tuesday.
1			politics	election	israel	war	democracy	peace	iraq	terrorism			historic vote on gaza a boost for democracy ideally, israel would be withdrawing from the gaza strip as part of a negotiated settlement with the palestinians. ideally, there would be no suspicion that the withdrawal is part
3			safety	business	chicago	technology	company	stanley	corporation	security	industry			stanley buying indianapolis lock firm the stanley works has agreed to buy indianapolis based security group inc., a maker of locks and access systems.
2			politics	supporter	soccer	sport	football	advertising	money	racism			football: united s fans get all shirty manchester united fans have been urged to boycott official club merchandise in a bid to thwart malcolm glazer 's planned 800million takeover of the club.
4			life	software	privacy	technology	evolution	ethics	linux			is there life after bea? can a new seattle based open source start up become the dell of the software industry ? that 's the question being asked by analysts commenting on the sudden publicity being given this week to sourcelabs, a
4			computer	software	privacy	technology	marketing	copyright	piracy	security	linux			is the software license dead? santa clara, calif. the business of selling software is due for an extreme makeover, industry executives said at the softsummit conference .
4			computer	device	network	privacy	storage	technology	networking	computing	linux			iomega readies wireless storage device the 100d is designed for small offices looking for inexpensive networked storage.
2			news	baseball	mobile	network	espn	sport	football			espn to launch mobile phone service in sprint deal p p p los angeles reuters walt disney co.'s dis.n espn sports television network is launching its own brand of mobile phone service in a deal with sprint corp. fon.n intended to lure new users with sports news sent over a next generation network, the companies said on wednesday. p
4			electronics	safety	sale	technology	marketing	company	competition	security	industry			celestica lowers q3 guidance; shares slump after hours celestica late tuesday came out with a profit and revenue warning for its third quarter, saying some of its biggest customers were reducing orders for the company 's electronics equipment.
4			electronics	philip	manufacturing	chip	technology	semiconductor	patent	silicon	industry			philips lowers forecast for chip division two days after announcing that the head of its semiconductor business will leave the company, koninklijke philips electronics nv on friday lowered its forecast for the chip division 's third quarter sales.
4			technology	company	growth	google	money			sec gives the thumbs up to google 's ipo earlier wednesday, google cut the range of its ipo price to $ 85 $ 95 per share from $ 108 $ 135 per share and the number of shares that will be sold from 25.7 million to 19.6 million. the cuts mean google could raise about $ 1.8 billion in ...
2			athens	baseball	olympic	olympics	athletics	sport	greece	football	athlete			only three golds u.s. misfires in early days in athens told to avoid inflaming anti american sentiment, u.s. athletes may have toned down the bravado too much in the early days of the athens games.
1			election	politics	president	retirement	candidate	money	leadership			calpers to begin search for new president new york, december 3 the board members of the californian state pension fund, calpers california public employees retirement system , are scheduled to begin the process of selecting a new president today, after sean harrigan was
4			wikipedia	technology	challenge	innovation	competition	security	linux			q a: red hat exec talks of challenges to open source the biggest challenge for the open source community is that there are too few open source developers, according to michael tiemann, vice president of open source affairs at red hat inc.
3			mobile	business	europe	technology	telecommunication	finance	competition	money	industry			alcatel swings to profit french telecommunications equipment maker alcatel sa swung to a profit in the third quarter, helped by cost cutting and a rebound in the mobile communications industry, the company said thursday.
4			wireless	technology	internet	broadband	telecommunication	speed			verizon launches new dsl service new york verizon online continues creating the best value in broadband by introducing a new dsl digital subscriber line speed option for consumers and businesses.
1			politics	abortion	election	australia	democracy	voting	immigration	money	education			election will resonate beyond australia the world is watching closely the outcome of an election campaign that has mostly dealt with bread and butter domestic issues, writes tony parkinson.
4			software	privacy	technology	copyright	innovation	patent	seo	security			microsoft patent case goes to trial the software giant will defend itself against claims surrounding smart tags in its office applications.
2			baseball	nascar	espn	motorsports	sport	race	car	racing			this weekend on tv, radio nascar nextel cup checker auto parts 500 qualifying at avondale, ariz., speed channel 5 p.m. nascar craftsman trucks chevy silverado 150 at avondale, ariz., speed channel pro basketball 7:30 p.m. celtics vs. indiana at the fleetcenter, fsn, wwzn 1510 8 p.m. houston at memphis, espn 10:30 p.m. san antonio at ...
3			job	employee	ceo	manufacturing	company	canada	employment	industry			nortel lowers layoff projections telecommunications maker nortel networks nyse: nt won 't have to lay off as many people as expected. the canadian company announced thursday that it plans to lay off 3,250 employees about 250 less than
4			computer	graphic	hardware	storage	technology	card	performance	memory			sandisk doubles capacity of small form factor memory cards sandisk corp. has doubled the maximum capacities of its sandisk minisd and sandisk rs mmc memory cards to 512 megabytes. the popular cards are used in a variety of electronic
2			boxing	baseball	sport	football	fun			leisure arts one thing that the olympics have always provided is that hardy perennial known as the feel good story. the sort of story in which, against all odds and with undeniable drama the farm boy from iowa who grew up with rickets in one leg ...
4			network	wireless	technology	internet	broadband	networking			wimax wings into the wild world of wireless wimax is winning over lots of followers while quickly gaining momentum on the standards front despite high profile skeptics such as texas instruments, according to experts at this week's broadband world forum in venice.
4			science	electronics	radio	radiation	alien	technology	communication	religion	email			alien contact more likely by mail than radio, study says a new study argues that intelligent alien life, should it exist, is more likely to communicate with earth by sending artifacts, rather than radio waves.
4			dell	computer	software	unix	technology	hp	networking	computing	linux			dell touts grid computing over proprietary systems michael dell has seen the future and it 's a 128 node megagrid running the linux operating system on dell servers at dell 's lab in austin, texas.
2			baseball	hockey	chicago	sport	football	canada	toronto			winter meetings checklist the offseason didn 't just start, even if you re beginning to detect the first signs of life from toronto. the blue jays have been lying low until this point, waiting
2			australia	doping	athletics	race	sport	football	swimming	tennis	cycling			great britain wins gold again in track cycling for the second straight day a briton captured gold at the olympic velodrome. bradley wiggins won the men 's individual 4,000 meter pursuit saturday, one day after teammate
1			politics	election	history	democracy	progress	transition	time	africa	security			a time of testing for global democracy votes this month could mark advances in the middle east, but history shows that democracy requires time, commitment.
1			politics	election	government	regulation	canada	toronto			ontario to look at splitting osc while pushing for single national ... the ontario securities commission 's days may be numbered as both police officer and judge in cases of financial market wrongdoing.
3			trade	revenue	business	growth	finance	profit	money	earnings			fedex profit jumps, outlook is raised fedex corp. fdx.n: quote, profile, research , the world 's top air express shipper, on thursday said quarterly profit more than tripled on strength in its international, ground and freight
4			insurance	electronics	dell	alien	computer	software	privacy	technology	security			dell ceo says amd products are on the horizon in the annals of computer news, reports of dell being near to using amd products have become something akin to ufo sightings: lots of circumstantial evidence surfaces, but it never really quite happens.
4			science	biotechnology	technology	research	vaccine	innovation	risk	cancer	industry			u.s. bioterror plan frustrates industry when president bush signed project bioshield into law in july, he said he was immediately making 5.6 billion available to counter such anticipated threats as smallpox genetically engineered to render current vaccines useless.
4			p	technology	wireless	network			at t wireless posts lower profit p p p new york reuters at t wireless services inc. awe.n said on tuesday its third quarter profit declined as customers spent less per month, offsetting a rise in net new customers. p
3			investor	investment	investing	greed	growth	finance	profit	wealth	money			long on cash, short on ideas what's holding companies back? can anything be done to rev up their investment spending?
2			luck	baseball	cheating	sport	football	gambling	money			cheaters are still winners in the eyes of many fans on a gloriously sunny san francisco day last april, a friend and i paid $ 150 for tickets worth less than $ 80 to see the san francisco giants play the milwaukee brewers at sbc park. of course, like thousands of others on that chilly monday afternoon, we weren't there so much to see the game as to get a chance to ...
1			election	politics	florida	california	voting	poll	alabama	voter			poll: fla. voters had no voting problems most florida voters had no problem casting a ballot on election day and many say they are confident their vote was counted correctly, a poll shows.
1			politics	election	result	democracy	voting	poll	russia	candidate	ukraine			election commission in ukraine affirms early results as opposition protests entered a third day, prime minister viktor f. yanukovich was declared the winner.
1			election	politics	protest	democracy	poll	corruption	russia	ukraine	fraud			huge poll protest grips ukraine ukraine's opposition leader urges thousands of supporters to defy the government, alleging massive poll fraud.
4			cyber	privacy	technology	vulnerability	tech	information	security	industry			cybercrime summit urges international cooperation com september 18, 2004, 12:05 pm pt. most it managers won 't question the importance of security, but this priority has been sliding between the third and fourth most important focus for companies.
4			security	statistics	data	technology	analytics	object	industry			objectstore keeps tabs on rfid data this week objectstore, a provider of technology designed to manage massive amounts of data in real time, will unveil rfid accelerator. the company aims to give to supply chain capabilities similar to those used by financial institutions for executing programmatic trades on the stock exchange.
4			revenue	price	technology	broadband	finance	intel	industry			pmc sierra cuts q3 outlook the high speed broadband communications, storage, and mips processor chip maker said revenues are now expected to be between $ 71 million and $ 73 million.
4			science	electronics	technology	marketing	fraud	advertising	drug	money			reporting rip offs whether it's the latest miracle ab exerciser, a get rich quick scheme or a weight loss supplement, many of those call now and order products hyped on infomercials and tv shopping networks are nothing more than tacky junk. separating the rip offs from the useful gadgets isn't always easy.
4			electronics	radio	radar	technology	telecommunication	identification			air societal concerns to fill innovation gaps radio frequency identification is a technology that 's touted as the replacement for the bar code. these postage stamp size rfid tags contain a tiny microchip that 's smaller than a grain of sand and capable of storing information.
4			linux	java	software	technology	evolution	microsoft	patent	windows			open source's next frontier open source software is starting to expand into the big ticket infrastructure software market dominated by microsoft and others.
4			wikipedia	technology	challenge	innovation	competition	security	linux			q a: red hat exec talks of challenges to open source the biggest challenge for the open source community is that there are too few open source developers, according to michael tiemann, vice president of open source affairs at red hat inc.
4			linux	software	privacy	technology	microsoft	networking	security	windows			secure access goes virtual security conscious it managers stand to gain a promising new option today, as a novel tool from software virtualisation pioneer vmware enters beta testing.
4			electronics	computer	sale	technology	marketing	greed	drug	money	security			cheap flash drives, cheapest 1gb cf if you know of any good value it sales auctions, rebates, one off, clearance, surplus, classified ads going around in the united kingdom, france, usa or singapore, don 't hesitate to contact me, at least 24 hours before the sales end.
2			baseball	olympic	olympics	basketball	volleyball	sport	swimming	tennis	event			olympics: beach party ball the olympic beach volleyball venue is out in the coastal village of faliro, on the far end of the green line of the metro station, far from central athens and the olympic stadium.
1			election	politics	democrat	conservative	race	republican	money	diversity			rehnquist more likely to step aside now president bush's re election makes it more likely chief justice william h. rehnquist will retire soon. and republican gains in the senate mean the president has more flexibility to nominate another strong conservative to fill that vacancy and other federal judgeships.
4			chip	usb	technology	storage	performance	networking	memory	intel	linux			palmone moves to ease treo 650 memory gripes in an effort to address customer complaints about the treo 650 's memory capacity, handheld maker palmone will provide a software update for the smart phone 's memory.
4			security	computer	privacy	technology	evolution	something	innovation	networking	idea			firefox 1.0 roundup so firefox 1.0 is released and the world rejoices congrats guys ! . i sure hope that mammonsoft has started working on ie 7.0 or they'll start to fall behind. granted we have a long way to go before we catch up with microsoft but when you're on top you really have only one way to go and thats down . over at eweek they're running an inteview with mitchel baker which is worth checking out: there's a whole set of things leading to interest in firefox. one is the product itself, which, once people have tried it, people love it. so it's both innovative, it's got new features, it makes the web a more enjoyable experience, it makes people more comfortable, and it's fast. it's a set of thi ...
4			web	technology	company	networking	email			sparring begins in kazaa trial this priority retains its ranking at number five as more and more companies deploy web services to share business logic, data and processes with each other and with clients.
2			baseball	television	espn	rugby	sport	football	cricket	itv			sky nets four year deal to air live cricket british sky broadcasting has strengthened its grip on live television coverage of sport with a deal giving sky sports exclusive rights to the live broadcast of all home international and domestic cricket in england and wales.
4			processor	chip	hardware	technology	performance	intel	linux			intel updates itanium 2 line revamp adds more oomph to a lineup that has sometimes proved trying for the chipmaker.
4			ibm	computer	network	technology	communication	telecommunication	finance	networking	patent			csc wins $ 1.35 billion contract computer sciences corporation has won a ten year, $ 1.35 billion contract to manage telephone and computer networks for ascension health, the largest nonprofit health care system in the us
1			politics	election	violence	democracy	riot	corruption	police	religion	terrorism	haiti			headless bodies of policemen found authorities found the decapitated bodies of three policemen as sporadic gunfire killed at least one civilian in haitis capital on the second day of violent protests staged by followers of ousted president jean bertrand aristide.
2			baseball	basketball	sport	golf	football	player	tennis	money			ringing true some players don 't attend the private ceremony, called a joke by an angry tim taylor. by tom jones, times staff writer.
3			chemicals	business	biotechnology	company	option	pharmaceuticals	drug	money			mullen: does biogen want more from elan than drug partner? could a jointly marketed drug lead to a joint company? ireland 's sunday tribune said yesterday that us pharmaceuticals company biogen idec nasdaq: biib news people was looking to make an all stock bid
2			baseball	sport	football	kicker	quarterback			vinatieri has gone from footnote to footlights he's a kicker, for crying out loud. so why is adam vinatieri so popular? kickers, after all, are supposed to be outcasts with small facemasks and funny shoes, guys with too many consonants in their last names who trot facelessly on and off the field between the real action.
3			business	sale	company	growth	finance	money	industry			update 3 arvinmeritor to divest $ 1 bln in operations automotive parts supplier arvinmeritor inc. arm.n: quote, profile, research on thursday said it plans to sell two businesses that account for about $ 1
1			election	politics	democracy	germany	austria	economics	berlin			exit polls indicate germany 's social democrats lose state election exit polls say german chancellor gerhard schroeder 's social democrats have been defeated in a local election in the western state of saarland.
3			business	company	stock	debt	bank	profit	finance	bankruptcy	money			update 1 intermet files for chapter 11, cites steel costs auto parts maker intermet corp. inmt.o: quote, profile, research said on thursday it has filed for chapter 11 bankruptcy reorganization, citing a record rise
3			business	art	marketing	advertising	fashion	money			michaels splits, doesn't fray the arts and crafts retailer doesn't need to bend over backward to impress investors.
4			cable	network	connectivity	broadband	bandwidth	internet	networking	speed			cox speed boost leaves some members behind not all of the cable company's broadband subscribers got a recent hike in bandwidth.
4			mobile	network	mobility	telecom	technology	nokia	telecommunication	carrier	phone			vodafone launches mass market 3g mobile after a four year wait, billions of pounds spent on licences and numerous delays, vodafone finally rolled out mass market third generation 3g mobile telephone services.
1			politics	america	revolution	war	democracy	freedom			revolution lose grip very definitely, we're still in this, maintains pat noonan of the bandaged and bruised but still playoff hungry new england revolution.
3			insurance	business	greed	profit	competition	money	fear			new blow for unilever sales at consumer goods giant unilever slumped 4 in its latest quarter, heaping yet more bad news on long suffering investors. just weeks after a devastating profit warning braced the markets for grim tidings
3			trading	business	ceo	insider	company	sec	stock	risk	money	security			taser insiders sold $ 68 million of stock in a week taser international inc. 's chairman, two co founders and five other insiders sold more than $ 68 million of their stock between nov. 5 and nov. 11, regulatory filings show.
3			vertical	application	business	technology	marketing	seo	hr	industry			vertical solutions take hold in crm as the enterprise increasingly looks for vertical solutions from its crm vendors, kana software with an on premise solution and entellium with a hosted solution, will both announce this week industry specific best practice applications for customer service and sales force automation.
4			itunes	sale	music	technology	marketing	money	industry			price cuts boost real sales one week after the announcement of significant price reductions, the real networks is already able to show impressive results. since they began selling music for us $ 0.
4			computer	hacking	business	privacy	technology	microsoft	strategy	disaster	security			columnists: seeds of disaster internet explorer's problems can be traced to microsoft's shortsightedness during the browser wars of the 1990s. is the company sowing tomorrow's security woes today?
4			linux	hardware	unix	software	technology	availability	windows			linux standard gains big name backers com september 13, 2004, 8:47 am pt. this fourth priority 's main focus has been improving or obtaining crm and erp software for the past year and a half.
4			device	mobility	india	technology	internet	patent	linux			amd introduces low cost net access device in india u.s. chip maker advanced micro devices inc. has introduced a low cost internet access device that could cost just a few hundred dollars, aimed at first time technology users in the developing world.
2			baseball	england	soccer	sport	football	brazil	fifa	tennis			soccer: beckham and owen lead england to world cup warm up win england deservedly beat ukraine 3 0 today in their only soccer friendly before the start of their 2006 world cup qualifying programme next month.
4			network	connectivity	ethernet	technology	cisco	telecommunication	networking	switch	availability	security			cisco expands router offerings with bcn buy cisco systems today confirmed that it has signed a definitive agreement to acquire privately held bcn systems, a californian networking software design firm.
1			politics	america	war	democracy	china			us changes course to back annan the us has switched direction on the future of un secretary general kofi annan, announcing yesterday it supported his tenure and was not calling for his resignation.
2			baseball	volleyball	soccer	sport	music	basketball	golf	football	double	tennis			more than just tennis the atmosphere suits certain players. while others have to learn to deal with the unique situations that a new york crowd promote.
3			business	revenue	sale	ft	growth	finance	profit	money			gillette 's income up $ 475 mln for quarter gillette co. gn: quote, profile, research on thursday posted stronger than expected quarterly profit, driven by sales of higher priced products such as its battery powered m3power men 's
1			election	citizenship	politics	israel	democracy	voting	palestinian	voter	palestine			palestinians prepare to vote voter registration has begun throughout the israeli occupied palestinian territories of the west bank and gaza strip in preparation for possible general and local elections next year.
1			politics	britain	election	democracy	parliament	censorship	scandal	terrorism	security	torture			probe launched into parliament intrusion britain has launched an inquiry into the first storming of its parliament since 1674 after a protest stunt revealed shambolic security at the heart of prime minister tony blair 's government.
2			baseball	statistics	chicago	espn	basketball	sport	football	scoring	detroit	stats			los angeles clippers team report november 11 elton brand scored a game high 19 points and hauled down 16 rebounds, while bobby simmons netted 18 as the los angeles clippers routed the indiana pacers, 102 68, on wednesday at conseco fieldhouse.
4			computer	privacy	technology	google	money			msns search engine preview is back msn's search engine preview is back at the end of july i reviewed msn's first tech preview for their new search engine. i wasn't impressed. man, i'm getting crabby. hey you kids, get off my lawn! where's my geritol?! now there's another preview available at and the relevancy is much ...
4			processor	cache	hardware	cpu	performance	architecture	memory	intel	linux			intel kills plans for 4ghz pentium cancels release of desktop chip in shift away from megahertz towards cache tweaks to improve processor performance.
4			processor	computer	chip	intel	technology	performance	memory	silicon	computing	linux			intel nixes plans for 4 gigahertz pentium in the latest change to its product lineup, intel corp. canceled plans thursday to release a 4 gigahertz computer microprocessor, saying it would rely approaches besides faster clock speed to improve the performance of chips.
4			ibm	computer	microsoft	technology	patent	nasa	ai	computing	linux			white house touts high end computing in r budgets it 's instructing executive branch heads to give priority to supercomputing and cyberinfrastructure research and development in their fiscal 2006 budgets.
4			price	software	technology	licensing	copyright	pricing	patent	license	linux			software license costs to soar in 2005 new evidence from gartner group suggests that software licensing costs could see an overall increase of roughly 50 in the next year.
3			business	investing	debt	finance	consumer	money	healthcare			bed bath beyond debt free the leading home goods retailer keeps its balance sheet clean and delivers strong results.
2			baseball	basketball	sport	football	men	pride	competition	woman			u.s. men salvage some pride with basketball bronze their character questioned and commitment belittled, the u.s. men's olympic basketball team responded to their critics by taking the bronze with a gold medal effort.
4			electronics	radio	music	privacy	wireless	technology	listening	audio			product review: decent debut for myfi it was when vanilla fudge's you keep me hanging on came blasting through my earphones that i began to see the appeal of the myfi, the new portable satellite radio from xm satellite radio holdings inc. and delphi corp. with a built in digital recorder.
4			intelligence	collaboration	privacy	technology	optimization	analytics	ai	apps			netsuite smartens up crm a rarity among crm vendors, netsuite integrates an erp and accounting backbone directly into its sfa, marketing, and support platform, overcoming back office deficiencies that often limit crm effectiveness. version 10 addresses another common shortcoming in crm apps: actionable business intelligence.
4			computer	intelligence	privacy	technology	microsoft	information	strategy	espionage	ai			former microsoft coo: intelligence overhaul means crushing 'fiefdoms' ending turf battles and fiefdoms will be as important as it investments if the u.s. intelligence community is to be successfully overhauled, said bob herbold, former executive vice president and coo at microsoft.
4			mobility	hardware	intel	technology	nokia	silicon	linux			intel puts its weight behind symbian intel is building a symbian based mobile phone, based on nokia 's series 60 user interface. the company has not announced a delivery date, but a reference platform should arrive sometime in 2005, intended to
4			graphic	linux	mobility	hardware	technology	performance	computing	color			nvidia announces geforce 6 gpu with turbocache technology nvidia today announced the newest gpu in its geforce 6 series of graphics processors, the nvidia geforce 6200 gpu with turbocache technology.
4			network	mobility	technology	broadband	telecom	wireless	communication	telecommunication	networking			presse economique telecommunications plano, texas business wire oct. 6, 2004 enfora lp, leader des solutions de donnes sans fil, a annonc ce jour le lancement d une nouvelle gamme d accessoires wireless portfolio tm pour la prise en
3			trading	speculation	company	option	stock	market	carrier	competition	security			stocks set to open slightly higher stocks were set for a slightly higher open on wednesday, boosted by wireless carriers sprint corp. and nextel communications inc. , which agreed to combine in a deal worth about $ 35 billion.
4			electronics	lcd	philip	technology	manufacturer	samsung	color	industry			philips begins mass production of sixth gen tft lcds lg.philips lcd co. ltd. today reported that mass production at its sixth generation thin film transistor liquid crystal display tft lcd plant in gumi, south korea, began last month.
4			electronics	taiwan	manufacturing	chip	china	technology	semiconductor	silicon	industry			smic establishes first 12 inch chip production line in mainland semiconductor manufacturing international corp, or smic, has established a 12 inch chip production line in beijing, the first of its kind on the chinese mainland.
3			trend	technology	growth	finance	competition	money	industry			nextel profit rises on customer growth nextel communications inc. , the sixth largest u.s. mobile provider, on friday said its quarterly profit rose on strong subscriber growth, including better than expected sales to young customers.
4			network	wireless	technology	ip	communication	telecommunication	patent	carrier			bellsouth, sbc to jointly buy yellowpages bellsouth corp. and sbc communications inc. are expanding their partnership beyond cingular wireless with a joint purchase of yellowpages.
2			pittsburgh	baseball	henry	sport	football	advertising			first impressions lasting for henry larry lucchino breezed into john w. henry's office in fenway park yesterday afternoon carrying the newest ornament for the principal owner's desk: the william harridge american league championship trophy, in which a golden eagle, brandishing the league banner, sits atop a silver baseball.
4			electronics	radio	radiation	computer	radar	technology	power	cancer			new chip designs help amd boost market share design engineer alan lear has rolled up his sleeves. his lab is crammed with motherboards and oscilloscopes. he scans a screen showing the signal
4			chip	technology	apple	silicon	intel	computing	linux			intel to show off its own dual core technology one week after amd said it has demonstrated a dual core processor, intel will use its developer 's forum to provide the first demonstration of its dual core technology.
2			espn	sport	music	technology	marketing	entertainment	media			cellphone marketing firm secures $ 17.5m with everyone from espn to eminem opening sales channels to cellphone owning fans, m qube inc., a boston wireless company that delivers entertainment content, has raised $ 17.5 million in venture capital funding to ramp up its sales and technology development.
3			news	business	sale	marketing	shopping	advertising	fashion	retail	money			retail sales rise a surprise? is today's big retail news a surprise? only for those who weren't paying attention.
1			politics	election	revolution	protest	violence	democracy	rebellion	terrorism	haiti	militia			ivory coast loyalists fear leader 's overthrow a pro government jeune patriote militia supporter holds a sign in french which translates to we are ready to fight the rebellion at a demonstration in abidjan, ivory coast on thursday, nov.
1			politics	election	war	afghanistan	terrorism	pakistan			renegade warlord arrested and brought to the capital following ... a renegade afghan warlord has been arrested and brought to the capital by the central government, just weeks after his troops clashed
4			computer	privacy	technology	digital	fraud			'electronic check conversion' gaining i've been explaining quite a bit of late about a new federal law that allows banks to convert your checks to digital images.
4			science	statistics	grid	collaboration	biotechnology	technology	health	research	cancer	computing			brief: west virginia funds public grid computing effort the state of west virginia is developing the first state sponsored open public internet grid computing effort. the tool will be used in such fields as biometrics and cancer research.
3			computer	business	oracle	major	corporate	bankruptcy	competition	industry			oracle wins antitrust suit in bid for rival ruling lifts major ... a federal judge handed oracle corp. a major victory thursday when he ruled that the software giant 's $ 7.7 billion hostile bid to gobble up rival peoplesoft inc.
4			computer	linux	privacy	technology	storage	networking	logistics	security	reliability			cisco, netapp and emc focus in on storage software storage decisions being the competent vendors that they are, cisco, network appliance and emc all made good use of the storage decisions conference being held here this week and rolled out new gear.
4			computer	hacking	technology	hacker	hack			aging rock star uses opterons to make platter a man who made money making rock music a long time ago has recorded a long playing record using a dual opteron workstation. amd said that mark knopfler,a hack
4			computer	intelligence	linux	technology	defense	ibm	ai	security	industry			report faults military technology in iraq war front line u.s. troops often lacked access to surveillance and intelligence data during the invasion of iraq because of computer glitches, technology review magazine reported on tuesday, citing a report by rand corp.
3			boeing	business	revenue	aviation	ft	transportation	competition	logistics	industry			fedex quarterly earnings more than double fedex corp., the world's top air express shipper, on wednesday said quarterly earnings more than doubled on strong revenue growth in its international, ground and freight services.
4			science	statistics	computer	data	software	privacy	technology	book	information	money			microsoft's onenote organizes data the meekly marketed onenote, the software behemoth's marvelous electronic filing cabinet, is the answer when it comes to socking away the bits of wisdom and useful information we spend much of our lives trying to store.
3			product	business	trend	sale	technology	marketing			saleslogix and expand their customer service ... two leading midmarket crm vendors released expansions of their platforms this week, branching further into the service side of crm.
1			politics	america	diplomacy	violence	democracy	fighting	war	peace	terrorism	money			just stop fighting! prime minister paul martin yesterday urged rival groups to disarm and political factions to settle differences so the poorest country in the western hemisphere can make use of international aid.
1			election	politics	statistics	result	poll	brazil	candidate	electoral	party			municipal elections strengthen party of brazilian president in its first electoral test since taking power 21 months ago, the party of president luiz inacio lula da silva emerged stronger from nationwide municipal elections but did not win in the country's biggest city, sao paulo.
2			baseball	television	nbc	espn	basketball	sport	cbs	golf	nfl	football			turkey of the week: the nfl hypocrisy clear channel, cincinnati. to the hypocrisy of the nfl, a bird comes your way. a promo airs before monday night football featuring nicolette sheridan from the desperate housewives show and terrell owens of the eagles.
3			business	investing	technology	company	strategy	finance	bankruptcy	money			tibco 's revenue, profit jump the business integration software vendor also revealed plans to buy back as much as $ 50 million of its stock over the next two years.
1			election	politics	democracy	voting	polling	candidate	voter	fraud	turnout			some voters cast ballots before election day election day may be in november, but some americans will start casting ballots next week under early voting laws that have reshaped the campaign landscape and changed the most fundamental act of democracy.
4			lan	network	connectivity	ethernet	mobility	technology	wireless	networking	security			trapeze software eases services delivery trapeze networks inc. this week will announce upgrades to its wireless lan switch software that make it easier to deliver and manage public and private wlan services over the same infrastructure.
3			politics	business	privacy	technology	marketing	advertising	money	email			instant messaging goes graphical some say people may be more civil when they see who they're communicating with as imvu and aol introduce sophisticated avatars to instant message services. but will the services make any money? by daniel terdiman.
2			dream	baseball	basketball	sport	softball			softball gold takes candrea, us from tragedy to triumph to the rest of the world, they were the in your dreams team. but for their coach, mike candrea, it was about another dream.
4			technology	smartphone	apple	blackberry	ios			business school doles out blackberry devices blending technology and education, the university of maryland 's business school will arm its mba students with nextel blackberry 7510s.
1			election	politics	botswana	result	democracy	voting			botswana elections to hand victory to party in power since ... queues of voters in diamond rich botswana waited patiently to cast their ballots in elections that are expected to hand victory to the party in power since independence in 1966 in one of africa 's most stable countries.
2			baseball	history	soccer	volleyball	sport	basketball	football	supremacy	vs			cape ann teams set for collision the battle for the cape ann league begins tomorrow. with four teams undefeated in league play and three boasting 6 0 overall records, the final four weeks of the season will pit prolific offense against immovable defense. the fight for supremacy begins as wilmington 6 0 travels to pentucket at 2 p.m.
4			windows	pc	computer	hardware	software	technology	microsoft	pcs	linux			the home pc, perfected three times is a charm, and never is this truer than with microsoft products. with its brand new windows xp media center edition 2005 operating system, microsoft may have unleashed the perfect os for a home pc.
2			baseball	hockey	disney	soccer	basketball	sport	football	kid			were you ready for some football? disney kicks off another season of monday night football on a thursday.
2			baseball	hockey	soccer	athletics	sport	basketball	football	tennis			today's schedule college field hockey: bryant at stonehill, 3:30 p.m.; bentley at tufts, 4 p.m.; fitchburg st. at regis, 4 p.m.; westfield st. at framingham st., 4 p.m.; franklin pierce at assumption, 4 p.m.; babson at amherst, 4 p.m.; conn. college at mt. holyoke, 4:30 p.m.
4			electronics	sale	technology	marketing	strategy	advertising	apple	innovation	consumer			apple's phil schiller, analysts discuss the imac g5 the marketing behind the new imac g5 will leave no doubt in consumers' minds what else apple has delivered lately.
2			retirement	sport	football	training	drug			denver's pryce out 4 6 weeks trevor pryce came into training camp in the best shape of his life. it didn't do him much good.
4			science	fast	technology	power	flight	propulsion	speed	space			scramjet breaks speed record it 's small, but it 's fast, as nasa 's unmanned scramjet proved tuesday in a record breaking demonstration above the pacific ocean.
4			computer	sex	privacy	technology	communication	money	phone			cell phone talker arrest refuels etiquette debate cell phones in public are annoying when other people use them. but how do we tackle the problem?
1			politics	election	war	democracy	violence	corruption	instability	africa	genocide			i coast polls impossible ivory coast is incapable of staging elections which were called for under a now moribund peace deal signed less than two years ago, senegalese president abdoulaye wade said in a financial times interview published on tuesday.
1			politics	controversy	mr	corruption			palace defends abaya appointment to bcda malacaang defended saturday the appointment of newly retired armed forces of the philippines afp chief of staff narciso abaya as president of the bases conversion development authority bcda , saying critics should give the former military chief a
1			politics	election	controversy	violence	censorship	advertising	terrorism	money			graphic designer fired after heckling bush a man who heckled president bush at a political rally was fired from his job at an advertising and design company for offending a client who provided tickets to the event...
4			connectivity	ethernet	technology	broadband	nokia	wireless	networking	intel	linux			intel discloses wimax plans underlining its wimax ambitions, world number one chipmaker intel has disclosed technical details of its upcoming wireless broadband chip.
4			ibm	computer	linux	data	technology	storage	networking	patent	industry			ibm to refresh storage lineup big blue is set to announce new disk storage products tuesday, as it fights to regain market share in data storage gear.
2			baseball	cowboy	sport	football	texas	dallas			nfl : mcnabb, owens torch cowboys while it was sure to be a hit in the east, it certainly wasnt so popular at texas stadium. thats where terrell owens, donovan mcnabb and the philadelphia eagles ripped apart the
4			analysis	collaboration	technology	solution	optimization	analytics	ai	security			hyperion launches essbase 7x hyperion solutions, a vendor of business intelligence applications, will announce at its solutions 2004 hyperion international conference in paris this week, essbase 7x, a greatly enhanced version of its analytic suite.
4			business	technology	internet	commerce	finance	innovation	education			uk firms 'embracing e commerce' a minister hails progress on e commerce after a study suggests uk firms are the third most sophisticated users of it.
1			politics	election	democracy	polling	poll	iran	candidate	fraud	afghanistan			afghan vote count finally ends with karzai a landslide winner afghanistan's protracted election vote count finally drew to a close with president hamid karzai the landslide victor, but an official declaration of his win still awaited the verdict of a fraud probe.
4			computer	software	technology	microsoft	finance	pricing	money	email	windows			microsoft cuts onenote price software giant knocks $ 100 half the original price off its note taking application.
2			coaching	hockey	trade	basketball	sport	football	player	money	canada			players refuse to let cba talks become a distraction don 't mention the nhl 's collective bargaining agreement in the team canada dressing room. the 26 players are polite when asked about the subject, but they re not going to get into any heavy discussions regarding
4			mobile	network	technology	smartphone	wireless	nokia	telecommunication	networking	phone			nokia demos mobile call using ipv6 internet protocol version 6 will improve voip quality, other wireless services.
4			collaboration	biotechnology	technology	project	patent	research	funding			medarex, pfizer team up for $ 510m project medarex inc., a princeton, nj, biotechnology company, could receive up to $ 510 million under a global collaboration deal it signed with new york based pfizer inc.
2			england	match	soccer	newcastle	sport	club	football	relegation			man u hosts exeter in fa cup 3rd round premier league club newcastle will play yeading fc, a tiny soccer club ranked six leagues below, in the third round of the fa cup.
4			computer	network	ethernet	unix	software	technology	cisco	networking	security	linux			learn how to integrate cisco and unix network architectures site offer save 30 on thousands of other great titles
3			bid	acquisition	business	merger	takeover	competition	privatization			rogers, microcell discuss takeover rogers wireless inc. is in talks with microcell telecommunications inc. about a possible takeover and has asked the competition watchdog to give its advance blessing just in case.
4			mobile	television	network	telecom	technology	telecommunication	tv			cell phone vendors to work on mobile tv a group of leading mobile phone vendors said friday sept. 10 they will work together to bring about widespread delivery of broadcast television to mobile devices.
1			politics	election	democracy	corruption	terrorism	money	lobbying	ethics			baa caught in net 'dirty tricks' campaign analysis lawyer calls for urgent domain dispute reform
3			job	business	ceo	acquisition	technology	company	corporation	security	industry			unisys to lay off 1,400 workers worldwide unisys corp. plans to cut 1,400 jobs, primarily in general and administrative areas, and consolidate its office space worldwide, it announced wednesday.
4			computer	management	technology	storage	networking	availability	email	security	reliability			cisco, veritas roll out storage products it managers may need more storage to handle all the storage announcements occurring this week at the storage decisions show in chicago.
3			business	management	shareholder	company	greed	competition	money			a thorn in halliburton 's side the kellogg brown root unit is putting a big hurt the stock. is a parting of the ways likely? chief executive david j. lesar might be right when he describes halliburton co.
1			politics	election	nevada	california	voting	polling	technology	voter			touch screen voting nevada officials will provide voters with touch screen voting machines from sequoia voting systems inc. in a primary in september and in the general election in november.
2			baseball	marathon	running	athletics	sport	race	athlete	woman	cycling			east africans dominate day americans lag in men 's 10,000 it 's always a pleasure watching masters of their craft at work, and such a moment occurred friday night on the first full day of olympic track and field competition when men with long distance motors lined up for the final of the 10,000 meters.
4			computer	privacy	technology	broadband	internet	money	speed			livewire: beep! beep! ultra fast broadband is here for rainer kinnunen, life has been a bit of a blur since he signed up for a superhigh speed internet service three years ago.
4			linux	java	software	technology	microsoft	windows			software enables wireless push e mail e mail platform vendor visto said monday that it has released software that enables wireless operators to provide real time e mail service similar to that provided by good technology and research in motion 's blackberry platform.
2			baseball	basketball	sport	football	seattle	washington			the man with the golden arm how is it possible that brett favre has never played in washington, not at rfk, not at fedex field, not in the preseason, not the regular season, not the playoffs?
1			politics	diplomacy	negotiation	war	technology	peace	warfare	strategy	tactic			coming soon: full scale dvd format war a full scale war over dvd formats is only a matter of time the electronics industry can smell it in the air. as the two opposing camps continue to recruit allies, negotiations are no longer about averting a confrontation.
2			coaching	baseball	statistics	basketball	athletics	sport	recruiting	football	coach			holy cross at a glance coach: bill gibbons 20th year, 393 172 . last year: 13 15, 8 6 fourth in patriot league .
4			computer	linux	java	technology	hp	pcs	computing	server			hp announces new low end server proliant ml150 g2 offers a xeon chip or two for small and medium sized businesses.
2			coaching	baseball	magic	sport	pitching			five keys to the 2004 world series between the cardinals and ... will curt schilling 's ankle, apparently held together with baling wire, hold up so he can make two starts? the red sox will want him to start games 2 and 6 in boston, where he won 't have to bat or run the bases.
4			electronics	battery	pc	computer	linux	technology	car	power	windows			seagate ships 'world first' 400gb pc hdds a 7200rpm unit that's as fast as a 10,000rpm job, apparently
3			politics	business	china	work	investing	greed	finance	gambling	competition	money			china lures , other online e commerce giants going store to store hunting for bargains holds no appeal for wang qin, a busy securities industry employee who says he would rather spend his time and energy on work.
2			baseball	mike	basketball	sport	football	player	williams	coach	talent			ncaa ruling makes mike williams a football star without a team mike williams is a terrific wide receiver an all american at southern california last season who will probably be a star in the nfl someday.
3			mr	sale	greed	profit	competition	money			kroger's profit climbs, misses forecast kroger co. , the top u.s. grocer, on tuesday said quarterly profit rose 29 percent as it kept a tight rein on expenses and sales rebounded.
1			election	politics	history	television	democracy	debate	tv	politician			presidential debates: high drama, disputed impact for sheer political drama, few spectacles can match the sight of two men going toe to toe before tens of millions of television viewers, slugging it out for the most powerful job on earth.
4			motorola	manufacturing	intel	technology	telecommunication	innovation	patent	silicon	industry			motorola to cut 1,000 jobs worldwide motorola inc. is laying off 1,000 employees in conjunction with its upcoming chip unit spinoff and ongoing efforts to reduce operating costs, the company said tuesday in a regulatory filing.
4			mobile	privacy	technology	broadband	internet	wireless	phone			palmone to turn off wireless service handheld maker says it will close down its wireless e mail and web service soon.
4			computer	linux	software	technology	microsoft	ai	security	windows			gates touts software 'magic' to cut complexity offering relief from managing complex, distributed systems, microsoft corp. chief software architect bill gates took the stage of the it forum in copenhagen tuesday to introduce a handful of tools and a hatful of promises.
2			boxing	baseball	espn	basketball	sport	wrestling	football	tennis	competition			this weekend on tv, radio celtics vs. utah at the fleetcenter, fsn, wwzn 1510 8 p.m. denver at miami, espn 10:30 p.m. phoenix at seattle, espn boxing 11 p.m. ebo elder vs. courtney burton lightweights at santa ynez, calif., sho college football 8 p.m. division 1 aa championship: james madison vs. montana at chattanooga, tenn., espn2 ...
3			business	investor	investment	boston	investing	growth	finance	money	capital			boston capital hopes to raise $ 1b in ipo boston capital real estate investment trust inc., an owner of apartment complexes in florida, oregon, washington, and utah, boosted the size of its initial public offering to as high as $ 1 billion. the boston based company plans to sell as many as 100 million shares for $ 10 each, according to a filing with the securities and exchange commission. in november, boston ...
4			computer	software	privacy	technology	microsoft	digital	apple	windows			ballmer says apple won 't dominate digital technology microsoft chief executive steve ballmer said in london yesterday that the future of digital technology in the home will be with microsoft, not apple.
2			basketball	money	sport	football			knicks get defensive someone asked knicks point guard stephon marbury after his team 's 87 79 victory over the rival nets at continental airlines arena last night whether a message had sent to the three time
4			computer	linux	hardware	unix	technology	system	ibm	intel	computing	windows			system x takes seventh place virginia tech 's system x computer has fallen to seventh place in the top500 supercomputer ratings, with g5 manufacturer, ibm, dominating the chart.
4			network	connectivity	ethernet	wireless	broadband	telecom	technology	telecommunication	networking			wireless data in a flash the technology promises download speeds of 1 to 1.5 mb per second, reaching peaks of up to 3.2 mbps. so far, cisco, ibm and nortel, all major sources of equipment to telecom service providers worldwide, have
2			coaching	baseball	history	soccer	sport	football	seattle	washington			where there's awa there's a way waltham's boys' soccer team is still unbeaten, and richard awa is still red hot. on the strength of two goals by awa, visiting waltham earned a 3 3 tie with no. 2 everett yesterday. everett also remained unbeaten, while waltham, coming off a subpar season, remained the surprise story of this campaign.
2			coaching	baseball	injury	statistics	basketball	sport	football	coach	lou			holtz goes; brawlers won't play on in bowls south carolina and clemson said they would decline postseason bowl bids because of their brawl saturday, and that means lou holtz has coached his final game.
4			windows	application	xp	hardware	software	technology	evolution	microsoft	linux			microsoft to release new windows os in 2006 microsoft will broadly release its long awaited new windows operating system code named longhorn in 2006, according to a company statement.
4			computer	cheating	chip	technology	fraud	bankruptcy	patent	silicon	security	linux			infineon to plead guilty in memory chip case germany 's infineon technologies ag has agreed to plead guilty to charges of price fixing and pay a $ 160 million fine as part of a us investigation into the computer memory chip industry, us antitrust authorities said wednesday.
1			politics	election	war	negotiation	peace	iraq	conflict	ceasefire			talks to resume n. ireland peace collapses no agreement has been reached in the negotiation between northern ireland 's democratic unionist party, or dup and its rival sinn fein, to resume peace talks.
4			statistics	application	technology	company	availability	linux			briefly: corel updates painter roundup plus: hyperion targets broader base...jboss ships j2ee app server...firms bundle web services lowers forecast.
4			electronics	computer	linux	hardware	software	technology	networking	security	windows			lower orders dent broadcom 's outlook with the economy slowly turning up, upgrading hardware has been on businesses radar in the past 12 months as their number two priority.
4			mobile	electronics	symbol	device	mobility	technology	nokia	smartphone			symbol unveils new durable handheld device symbol technologies has brought out a durable device designed for mobile workers who dont need a fully ruggedised unit. the mc50 is equipped with integrated wireless wi fi and data capture options, including
3			america	baseball	president	business	acquisition	sale	management	marketing	finance	money			new chief at kmart discount store operator kmart holding has appointed aylwin lewis as its new president and chief executive officer. julian day, who has served as the american groups president and ceo since january 2003, will
2			dream	baseball	basketball	sport	football	hope	money			rocky mountain low clouds postseason hopes if you allowed yourself to think the unthinkable and harbor dreams of a texans playoff berth in 2004, this was your stagger lee.
3			politics	business	saving	banking	bank	fraud	finance	banker	money	security			banks reimbursing atm fees to compete with larger rivals middlesex savings bank of natick is taking a shot at the banking big leagues by offering its best customers a hefty dose of convenience to go with the customer service and good rates the mutual bank prides itself on.
1			election	politics	israel	coalition	democracy	syria	iraq	terrorism	party			sharon warns likud to vote for coalition ariel sharon, israeliprime minister, yesterday warned his rightwing likud party that it would face early elections unless it backed a coalition with the opposition labour party
2			coaching	overtime	pittsburgh	baseball	espn	sport	nfl	football	player	jet			giving thanks: jets extend bradway 's contract the new york jets on thursday extended the contract of executive vice president and general manager terry bradway through the 2007 season.
4			politics	microsoft	technology	alliance	strategy	google	security			google to back microsoft browser foe? the web is filling up with rumors about an alliance between search giant and browser maker firefox. london reuters the firefox browser is looking for allies in its quest to challenge microsoft 's dominant
4			electronics	detail	china	technology	japan	patent	silicon	industry			toshiba to make image processing chips for us firm xilinx tokyo, oct 14, 2004 kyodo via comtex toshiba corp. said thursday it has been entrusted with manufacturing high end image processing semiconductor chips for us chipmaker xilinx inc.
2			baseball	statistics	olympics	athletics	sport	race	athlete	swimming	usc			olympics: former usc athlete takes silver in men 's 100 meter ... liu xiang of china tied the 100 meter hurdles world record and set a new olympic mark friday, winning the gold medal in 12.91 seconds.
3			job	computer	business	technology	microsoft	people	competition	money			the last raise for gates and ballmer? despite microsoft 's many woes, the honchos got a bump this year. considering the company 's outlook, their next may be a ways off.
3			technology	economics	company	tech	growth	finance	corporation	competition	money	industry			pfizer, alcoa, verizon, intel are cut; oil back near $ 43 big gains in technology stocks helped the nasdaq close monday just shy of its high for the year, but the dow jones industrial average finished in the red after a spate of brokerage downgrades.
3			business	ceo	management	executive	restaurant	diversity	leadership			fast food chains executive is appointed chief of kmart less than 18 months after emerging from bankruptcy protection, kmart announced yesterday that it was replacing its president and chief executive with an outsider whose background is in the fast food restaurant business.
2			baseball	sport	race	football	racing			breaking down the big 12 north like wide open races? you ll love the big 12 north. here 's a quick morning line of the big 12 north as it opens conference play this weekend.
4			data	technology	storage	cloud	archive	networking	availability	security	linux			hitachi upgrades storage line hitachi data systems on tuesday announced a new enterprise storage lineup with new features such as a virtualization that allows customers to manage up to 32 petabytes pb of internal and external storage.
3			product	business	manufacturing	revenue	sale	technology	company	patent	industry			hynix sees q3 sales, profits slip sequentially hynix semiconductor inc. made a profit of 530 billion won about us $ 467 million on sales revenue of 1,542 billion won about us $ 1,359 million in the third quarter of 2004.
4			computer	collaboration	software	technology	system	networking	security	linux			siebel enters motive alliance siebel systems is mounting an effort to alleviate a major hassle that comes with licensing its customer information systems the labour intensive task of tuning and tending to its software in complex computing environments.
4			computer	privacy	technology	internet	communication	networking	email	phone			yes, but can your voip service do this? san francisco the next battle between top internet phone service providers vonage and at will involve features like voice mail, according to key executives at both companies.
1			election	politics	mr	iran	terrorism			palestinian minister to visit jailed fatah leader mooting ... palestinian minister without portfolio kadura fares said he will visit marwan barghuti on friday to discuss the imprisoned fatah leaders plan to run for the presidency in january.
4			mobile	network	mobility	technology	broadband	ip	telecom	telecommunication	italy			telecom italia buys mobile stake telecom italia is poised to pay 20bn euros for the 44 stake it does not already own of its mobile unit tim.
4			acquisition	privacy	technology	company	tech	growth	innovation	merger			techbrief: vodafone seeks new frontiers vodafone said monday that it remained interested in acquisitions in france, eastern europe, asia and africa as the mobile phone company detailed cost cuts that it expects will reach an annual 2.
4			linux	java	boston	technology	mit	architecture	industry			linuxworld to visit hub for 1st time linuxworld conference expo will come to boston for the first time in february, underscoring the area's standing as a hub for the open source software being adopted by thousands of businesses.
4			electronics	data	hardware	technology	mo	media	linux			udo replacing mo faster than expected, says plasmon sales of udo ultra density optical discs and drives are going well and the format is replacing mo magneto optical technology faster than expected, the president of technology developer plasmon inc. said in a recent interview.
3			investing	sec	stock	growth	finance	profit	wealth	corporation	money	earnings			wachovia's 3q profits increase 14 percent wachovia corp. said friday that third quarter earnings rose 14 percent to $ 1.26 billion, or 96 cents a share, on gains in its wealth management and investment banking businesses.
4			business	software	microsoft	technology	solution	cisco	networking	linux			cisco acquires software developer for $ 55 million firm says it's buying dynamicsoft and its sip based development tools to help win new business with broadband and wireless providers.
4			electronics	computer	radiation	device	technology	energy	semiconductor	silicon	physics			extreme microchips take the heat japanese scientists say they have tackled one of the last frontiers of semiconductor technology, environments where electronic devices have to run at high power, in fierce heat or at lethal doses of radiation.
4			network	ethernet	storage	technology	nas	networking			new iomega wireless servers bring new features flexibility to ... san diego, sept. 16 prnewswire firstcall iomega corporation , a global leader in data storage, today announced the release of the new iomega r nas 100d entry level network attached storage nas server.
1			politics	america	election	democracy	tax	greed	money	politician			soft money, hard politics much of the nation 's media makes it seem as if soft money spending on campaign ads by the so called shadow parties is a republican thing.
2			coaching	baseball	patriot	sport	boston	defense	football	turf	color			patriots win in all conditions against all kinds of teams the patriots can be healthy or hurting. the field can be drenched or dry. the opponent might have a stingy defense or a high scoring offense.
4			satellite	electronics	computer	space	technology	gravity	robot	astronomy			out of this world each piece is just an eighth of an inch square, but 33,000 of them bunched together make for one of the most advanced features on nasa 's next satellite.
4			security	computer	linux	network	space	technology	storage	networking	computing	server			study: supercomputer clusters shortchange security com november 12, 2004, 8:58 am pt. organizations are replacing aging servers with newer more powerful boxes, often linux based, and theyre also investing in storage.
4			electronics	arm	ethernet	hardware	technology	isa	silicon	intel	linux			arm collaborates with philips on low power processor u.k. semiconductor design company arm ltd. is teaming with a division of koninklijke philips electronics nv to develop a self timed processor that promises low power consumption and easy integration for use in smart cards and consumer electronics.
4			computer	chip	intel	technology	power	apple	money	silicon			chips help techs inch higher new wi fi chip from intel and a positive day for most bellwethers offset big loss at arm. new york cnn money news on a new chip from intel helped balance out an acquisition by arm that sent its stock reeling
3			investing	marketing	shareholder	company	finance	pricing	competition	money			qrs spurns jda, chooses inovis qrs received five unsolicited offers throughout the summer, one from a shareholder of the company. but inovis won the deal with a $ 7 per share offer.
4			computer	network	ethernet	storage	technology	nas	networking	ibm	email	security			iomega readies wireless storage device iomega will soon ship its first network attached storage device equipped with wireless networking technology. the product, dubbed the nas 100d, is targeted at small office and home office users looking for
1			politics	race	black			black steps down at hollinger conrad black resigned as chairperson and chief executive of hollinger inc. yesterday at 10 am, just as a lawyer for a major shareholder began arguments in ontario court aimed at ejecting him and all but two of hollinger 's directors.
4			network	connectivity	city	technology	wireless	internet	education			city of brotherly love may embrace wi fi philadelphia may spread the joy of wireless internet access to its citizens.
4			network	ethernet	technology	broadband	ip	telecom	cisco	telecommunication	networking			cisco fights aggressively in telecom space cisco systems, which has been under growing competitive pressure lately in the high end router space, announced a series of initiatives this week designed to improve its market position, as well as bolster its relationship with telecom service providers.
2			beauty	doping	olympic	olympics	athletics	sport	athlete	competition	gymnastics			athletics as artistry from the latin, the olympic motto is: faster. higher. stronger. it says nothing about beauty. harmony. emotion. yet those values, promoted by the international gymnastics federation, help explain the scandal
4			statistics	computer	technology	power	performance	ibm	reliability	computing	linux			ibm supercomputer again claims record a 100 million supercomputer being built to analyze the nation's nuclear stockpile has again set an unofficial performance record the second in just over a month.
2			coaching	baseball	retirement	basketball	sport	recruiting	football	money			majerus takes usc job, with docs' ok rick majerus' new basketball coaching job comes with a doctor's permission slip. given the ok to return to the high stress, late night, eat on the run profession he loves, majerus took over southern california's underachieving program wednesday although he won't be on the bench this season.
4			security	pc	computer	linux	manufacturing	technology	innovation	computing	industry			technology ; pc shipments rise 12 pct worldwide in 3rd quarter good growth in notebook shipments during the back to school season coupled with desktop replacements among businesses and consumers sustained another strong quarter in europe, the middle east and africa, idc said.
2			marathon	running	athletics	race	sport	track	athlete	swimming	cycling			brugnetti upsets the field to win 20km walk the first official track event took place this morning and italy 's ivano brugnetti won the men 's 20km walk at the summer olympics in athens.
4			price	technology	company	ip	telecommunication	finance	competition	money	industry			telecoms sell off price reduced hutchison telecommunications htil has cut the size of its initial public offering ipo for a second time to bolster interest in its shares.
2			coaching	baseball	statistics	sport	football	barber	speed			case of fumbles afflicts giants' barber not only are the new york giants in a tailspin that mirrors last season, tiki barber once again is finding it tough holding onto the football.
1			politics	war	iraq	religion	terrorism	fear			briton may have paid a fatal price for his passion for the middle ... when neighbours of kenneth bigley urged him to leave baghdad amid growing fears for his safety, he would shrug off their concerns and say: i m not afraid.
4			computer	technology	japan	performance	innovation	ibm	ai	computing	industry			ibm says its superfast supercomputer is no. 1 technology giant ibm will announce today that it has built the world 's most powerful supercomputer, surpassing the performance of a machine in yokohama, japan.
4			battery	electronics	lcd	baird	technology	color			court case looms over lcd patent in a move that could affect the future prices of many products using lcd technology, honeywell has announced that it has filed suit against 34 companies for alleged lcd related patent infringement.
4			processor	computer	hardware	technology	evolution	performance	hp	intel	computing	linux			amd demonstrates 90nm x86 dual core processor amd has been demonstrating the industrys first x86 dual core processor at its austin facilities on an hp proliant dl585 server powered by four dual core opteron processors manufactured on 90nm soi process technology, the company announced today.
3			business	trend	company	stock	ft	finance	money	industry			jos. a. bank 3q profit rises 19 percent men 's apparel retailer joseph a. bank clothiers inc. on monday reported third quarter profit climbed 19 percent as results benefited from growth in catalog and internet sales.
4			cyber	hacking	privacy	technology	vulnerability	encryption	terrorism	security			industry group urges bush to address cybersecurity a group representing the cybersecurity industry has called for the white house to show greater leadership in guarding the nation 's computer infrastructure from attacks by hackers and viruses
2			coaching	baseball	retirement	sport	football	coach	pitching	pitcher	hitting			raines joins white sox as coach the chicago white sox hired former major leaguer tim raines as the club 's first base baserunning coach on monday.
4			wikipedia	application	management	technology	information	networking	user			users: information life cycle management standards needed it managers at this week's ilm solutions conference said information life cycle strategies are still a work in progress.
1			election	politics	protest	democracy	censorship	russia	ukraine	opposition	demonstration			opposition in ukraine eases siege opposition protesters began to lift their two week siege of ukraine's stalin era cabinet headquarters yesterday, a day after parliament adopted electoral laws to ensure a fair ballot in the repeat presidential runoff.
4			science	virus	computer	genetics	biotechnology	technology	drug	ai			virus warning: cyborgs at risk humans will upgrade their nervous systems with technology, a professor predicts and then they'll be open to computer viruses.
4			product	statistics	ceo	manufacturing	sale	technology	finance	pricing	patent	industry			earnings outlook for q1 falls below expectations tyco international said monday that it turned a fourth quarter profit as strength in its electronics, health care and engineered products and services divisions spurred a 13 percent rise in revenue.
2			baseball	history	chicago	espn	basketball	michigan	sport	golf	football			rose bowl at stake in michigan osu game when the wolverines play at ohio state on saturday, they will be playing for more than just a share off the big ten championship. michigan could get a rose bowl bid with a victory over the buckeyes.
4			computer	network	privacy	technology	telecommunication	networking	email	phone	number			new york firms call on voip net phones and their portable phone numbers help business avoid rnc crowds.
4			privacy	technology	nokia	smartphone	dating			she loves you; well, virtually hong kong based phone technology firm, artificial life, has announced the upcoming release of its new 3g game virtual girlfriend. virtual girlfriend is a mobile phone game that is based on intelligent animated
1			election	politics	result	romania	race	sport	polling	bulgaria	poll			romanian opposition head scores upset victory romania's centrist opposition leader traian basescu scored an upset victory in a presidential race against leftist prime minister adrian nastase, partial official results showed monday.
3			trading	trade	commodity	market	stock	future	money	earnings	industry			stocks seen higher before jobs data u.s. stock futures surged friday morning on the back of intel corp.'s raised quarterly sales forecast and lower oil prices, but strategists said the market's early direction would be dictated by the monthly employment data due out before the start of trading.
3			politics	britain	uk	business	trade	technology	strategy	industry			vt group says has no plans to buy bae shipbuilding british shipbuilders vt group uk:vtg said monday it has no plans to acquire bae systems uk:ba shipbuilding activities, but added it remains focused... on assisting the uk government
4			computer	drive	disk	usb	storage	technology	speed	linux			toshiba has big plans for a small drive toshiba corp. plans to begin commercial production of its 0.85 inch hard disk drive before the end of this year, the company said on tuesday.
3			politics	news	business	sport	marketing	media	finance	money	journalism			murdochs men do media mambo news corporation ncp and the directv group, inc. today announced a number of transactions within the latin america media market that will see directv group paying $ 579 million in cash for the equity stakes in other news corp controlled companies.
4			email	privacy	technology	marketing			lycos antispam screensaver draws fire lycos europe launched the make love, not spam screensaver, which repeatedly requests information from web sites advertised in spam, reducing the performance of those sites.
4			sci	itunes	technology	micro	innovation	apple	mini			apple unveils new mini stores at a private viewing at stanford shopping center in palo alto, calif., apple computer inc. today unveiled a new 750 square foot mini design for its retail store.
4			science	computer	alien	technology	evolution	robot			intel plans for digital planet idf fall '04 think different, developers told
4			computer	manufacturing	technology	performance	ibm	silicon	computing	industry			ibm triples transistor performance with germanium ibm has successfully demonstrated a new technique for improving transistor performance that will help the company build smaller, more powerful chips in the next decade, company researchers said monday.
2			statistics	doping	athletics	sport	athlete	fifa	iaaf	money	cycling			wada sanctions $ 1.47 million rise in expenditure the world anti doping agency wada has approved a $ 1.47 million increase in its expenditure budget for next year.
1			politics	america	history	democracy	progress	transition	change	money			newsom gives first state of the city address in his first state of the city speech, san francisco mayor gavin newsom said it was time to move forward. i did not run for mayor to lead a city in retreat, he said.
4			hacking	privacy	technology	internet	tech	copyright	patent			tech groups push for r d credit, internet tax ban washington with the u.s. congress winding down its work for 2004, technology lobbying groups are stepping up their push for lawmakers to pass several pieces of legislation, including extensions to a research and development r d tax credit and an internet access tax moratorium.
4			politics	cable	television	network	privacy	technology	broadband	internet	telecommunication	networking			broadband duopoly calms cable, telecom battles the long promised battle between u.s. cable and telephone companies has so far been more of an uneasy peace. thanks to their duopoly over broadband internet access, it may stay that way.
4			computer	electricity	magic	technology	power	lock	design			widely used bike lock can be picked with pen you don 't have to be the man of steel to open a kryptonite bike lock. a video circulating on the internet shows how to pick a kryptonite lock with a ballpoint pen.
2			baseball	miami	espn	volleyball	basketball	sport	football	vs	competition			new league, same stakes for hokies, canes after years of battling for supremacy in the big east, miami and virginia tech will now do the same in the atlantic conference coast.
4			sony	technology	ip	copyright	innovation	patent	industry			sony and samsung to cross license patents sony corp. and samsung electronics said on tuesday they had agreed to share patents on basic technology to speed up product development and avoid adding to a growing number of cross border patent disputes.
3			comparison	business	technology	marketing	service	profit	finance			service bundling sweeps up servicemaster profitably bundles services and pays a healthy 3.5 dividend.
4			computer	technology	economics	company	tech	stock	energy	apple	industry			stocks finish up, apple provides a lift u.s. stocks rose on monday as a higher price target for shares of apple computer inc. prompted enthusiasm for technology stocks and a rally in crude oil stalled.
3			income	revenue	sale	lowe	marketing	profit	money	earnings			lowe 's income up the mooresville, nc based retailer posted net income of $ 522 million, or 66 cents a share, compared with $ 452 million, or 55 cents a share, a year earlier.
1			politics	election	campaign	history	war	iraq	strategy	afghanistan	tactic	propaganda			2 assessments of iraq, 2 election strategies the presidential candidates' opposed images of the war reflect opposed strategies for the final weeks of the campaign.
1			politics	election	technology	tech	candidate	strategy	finance	republican	money	ethics			which candidates do tech companies support? technology employees are donating slightly more money to the republican party.
4			mobile	electronics	computer	mobility	connectivity	technology	phone			store trots out treo palmone's new silicon valley store focuses exclusively on the treo family of smart phones. br photo: palmone's treo 650
2			overtime	baseball	hockey	nhl	trade	sport	football	player	canada			nhl shuns union 's latest offer an nhl lockout appears almost unavoidable after the league swiftly rejected the nhl players association 's latest offer on thursday.
1			politics	football	revenge	religion	money			hitting back why does patriots safety rodney harrison, a thoughtful, good natured person off the field, play football with enough ferocity and virulence to make you wonder whether he got a hold of dr. jekyll's formula? blame the people in his life coaches, opponents, college recruiters who he felt needed convincing that he was not meant to fit their concept of ...
2			baseball	israel	olympics	basketball	athletics	sport	football	athlete	swimming			israel mines first olympics gold the israeli national anthem sounded over an olympic podium wednesday for the first time in the jewish state 's 56 year history after a young man whose father named him for the sea took the gold medal in windsurfing.
4			business	network	trend	wireless	broadband	technology	finance	competition			verizon wireless boosts parent company verizon communications nyse: vz posted profit of us 1.796 billion for its third quarter, up from 1.791 billion a year ago. the company attributed the slight rise to its wireless segment, which brought in an additional 1.7 million wireless customers.
3			safety	revenue	sale	regulation	marketing	profit	consumer	competition			coca cola issues profit warning coca cola, the world's largest maker of soft drinks, issues a profit warning blaming challenging operating conditions in key markets .
2			baseball	michigan	basketball	sport	football			irish d delivers knockout notre dame certainly had its problems saturday night against michigan state at spartan stadium. the spartans, facing an opportunistic notre dame defense, had more
2			coaching	basketball	sport	rule	wnba	scoring	nba			nba to experiment with 3 point rules in nbdl the nba appears determined to lessen the impact of the 3 pointer. first, it will test out the change in the national basketball development league.
4			hacking	privacy	technology	encryption	filtering	email			messagelabs, symantec team on antispam service symantec technology will help messagelabs offer better e mail filtering, the companies say.
4			electronics	computer	ethernet	usb	technology	networking	silicon			intel developing optical connect for laptops, servers optical links will be cheaper, quieter, and smaller than copper ribbons, company says.
2			coaching	baseball	basketball	sport	football			west virginia 35, rutgers 30 mountaineers embarrassed but ... as he was ushered off the field saturday, west virginia receiver chris henry gestured belligerently toward the stands until he reached the tunnel.
4			windows	pc	computer	manufacturing	technology	microsoft	ibm	pcs	linux			ibm's win win in exiting pcs ibm is exiting the pc business, but it along with some pc competitors should benefit.
1			election	politics	democrat	florida	race	candidate	republican			national parties eye fla. senate primary florida voters went to the polls tuesday to pick candidates hoping to fill retiring democratic sen. bob graham's seat, with polls showing a close race between republican hopefuls mel martinez and bill mccollum. betty castor was leading the field of three prominent democrats.
4			computer	graphic	hardware	technology	image	multimedia	video	memory	computing			an innovative hypermemory technology from ati reduces pc costs a graphics card or video card is a component of a computer which is designed to convert a logical representation of an image stored in memory to a signal that can be used as input for a display medium.
2			coaching	baseball	espn	volleyball	athletics	sport	basketball	football	wrestling			valdosta on a roll since loss in opener the valdosta state blazers nearly didn 't get to the ncaa division ii national championship game against pittsburg state in alabama.
4			computer	million	privacy	technology	internet	money	email			at settles land rights suit linking internet age with 1850s hundreds of massachusetts homeowners and businesses could soon start getting $ 100 and $ 200 checks from at corp. but it's not an enticement to switch long distance service.
4			electronics	computer	software	technology	tech	space			the supercomputer that fits into a screen just two inches thin they used to fill entire floors of buildings and were so costly only governments or large companies could afford them. yesterday, apple computer showed just how far technology
4			electronics	computer	device	manufacturing	hardware	technology	innovation	silicon	industry			amd gains in q3 chip sales san francisco: advanced micro devices captured nearly 10 per cent of computer microchip market revenue in the third quarter, the highest level in nearly three years, market research firm idc said on tuesday.
4			mobile	motorola	mobility	technology	nokia	innovation	patent	phone			motorola expects strong sales growth motorola inc., the world's second largest mobile phone maker, said on tuesday it expects to sustain strong sales growth in the second half of 2004 thanks to new handsets with innovative designs and features.
4			application	business	network	technology	networking	ibm	industry			everypath announces participation in ibm partnerworld industry ... santa clara, calif. business wire oct. 12, 2004 mobile task automation software provider unveils comprehensive solutions to help customers win in an on demand world.
2			coaching	baseball	injury	espn	basketball	sport	recruiting	football	stanford			hokies' imoh is ailing virginia tech tailback mike imoh won't practice this week because of a strained hamstring and a bout of the flu and is questionable to play in saturday's game against virginia.
3			politics	business	shell	management	company	shareholder	strategy	oil	industry			shell bosses in a charm offensive the senior management of royal dutch shell is starting a whirlwind tour of shareholders and staff. they aim to boost morale and explain plans to unify the company ahead of the vote on the shake up at next may 's annual general meeting.
4			electronics	application	printing	music	technology	innovation	apple	audio	industry			hp's ipod to lead consumer push friday product launch will count on music player to deliver cool factor to once stodgy printer maker.
4			politics	science	genetics	biotechnology	technology	evolution	research	cancer			actor fox appears in kerry campaign ad actor michael j. fox is returning to tv in a commercial praising democratic presidential candidate john kerry for his stance on stem cell research...
4			electronics	battery	computer	software	technology	power	pcs	computing	linux			a pc that packs real power, and all just for me a new computer should deliver about 10 times the performance of a desktop personal computer.
2			baseball	hockey	giant	yankee	sport	football	softball	money	champion			a national league the red sox are the newest champions to grace the cover of a wheaties box. but with what the team was paid for the deal, it couldn't even buy a box of wheaties.
4			computer	blade	technology	networking	ibm	security	server			new ibm blade cuts into small businesses we are dispelling the industry notion that blade servers are only a large enterprise play, jeff benck, vice president for ibm eserver bladecenter, said.
4			mobile	battery	electronics	security	electricity	technology	nokia	phone			nokia turns up the heat on battery forgers nokia today unveiled its latest initiative in the battle against low quality counterfeit mobile phone batteries. to help customers identify original batteries from rip offs that have been known to catch fire
4			electronics	china	furniture	technology	architecture	fashion	design			custom made in china custom designed imported furniture was once an exclusive realm. now, it's the economical alternative for commercial developers and designers needing everything from seats to beds to desks for their projects.
3			brand	branding	business	technology	marketing			expands call center support hosted crm evangelist inc. began a new branding campaign this week to draw attention to its customer service support functionality, launching a new web
4			computer	network	privacy	technology	wireless	communication	networking	diversity			follow through last year's forbes e gang see p. 144 for this year's group featured five luminaries in the field of wireless communication. two of our picks have left their jobs, while three are steaming ahead.
4			mobile	trend	technology	nokia	telecommunication	phone	industry			mobile phone sales still booming worldwide mobile phone sales rise 26 in the july to september quarter, driven by demand for new handsets.
2			politics	boxing	psychology	sport	chess	drug			khan unfazed by mind games an old timer is trying to play mind games with the 17 year old who has gone from bolton lads and girls club to today 's lightweight olympic boxing final.
4			coding	language	code	programming	software	program	programmer			search engine for programming code search engine for programming code an article at newsforge pointed me to koders a search engine for finding programming code. nifty. the front page allows you to specify keywords, sixteen languages from asp to and sixteen licenses from afl to zpl fortunately there's an information page to ...
4			science	life	computer	technology	education	innovation	ethics	woman			a macgyver for the third world an mit inventor bent on public service creates practical solutions to life threatening problems around the world. her approach: be a master of the obvious. second in a series profiling this year's macarthur 'genius award' winners. by kari lynn dean.
2			game	olympics	athletics	sport	football	athlete	paralympics	paralympic	event			paralympics scrap closing celebrations after crash the athens paralympics canceled celebrations at its closing ceremony after seven schoolchildren traveling to watch the event died in a bus crash on monday.
4			network	privacy	wireless	technology	internet	broadband	telecommunication	networking			briefly: tech firms rally against copyright bill roundup plus: .mac customers suffer e mail glitches...alvarion expands wireless broadband in launches business research group.
3			revenue	india	sale	technology	finance	profit	money	industry			sony ericsson sees profits triple japanese swedish mobile phone maker sony ericsson reports a tripling of its third quarter profit, driven by sales of new camera phones.
4			fc	device	connectivity	ethernet	usb	technology	wireless	networking			snw 04: 4 gbps fc products step it up a notch brocade communications systems inc. unveiled its 4 gigabits per second gbps fibre channel fc switch family at storage networking world on monday, a stop gap
3			job	computer	failure	business	software	technology	bankruptcy	money	reliability			software disasters often people problems new software at hewlett packard co. was supposed to get orders in and out the door faster at the computer giant. instead, a botched deployment cut into earnings in a big way in august and executives got fired.
2			politics	baseball	marathon	olympics	athletics	sport	race	football	athlete			crowd roars for absent kenteris the defiant taunts cascaded down from the olympic stadium grandstands for minutes. hellas, hellas, followed by kenteris, kenteris an angry display that held up the main event of thursday 's athletics program.
2			boxing	judo	athletics	sport	fencing	athlete	tennis	cycling			harland 's brave display modern pentathlon was devised by the founder of the modern games, baron pierre de coubertin, as the ultimate test of the ideal, complete athlete .
4			hacking	code	software	technology	vulnerability	automation	security			former cybersecurity czar: code checking tools needed software vendors need automated tools that look for bugs in their code, but it may be a decade before many of those tools are mature and widely used, said the former director of cybersecurity for the u.s. department of homeland security dhs .
4			electronics	computer	graphic	magic	laser	technology	color	printing			news in brief coming soon: the first sub $ 1000 color laser mfp, a wi fi card for handhelds, a small external tv tuner box for pcs, and new long lasting printer inks.
4			electronics	computer	furniture	privacy	car	technology	fashion	pcs	design			microsoft gets a fashion makeover design specialists dream up media center pcs that look more like furniture.
4			security	computer	safety	privacy	technology	drug	money	surveillance			tracking rfid it's everywhere roundupthere's no question retailers love rfid. but will problems of privacy and unreliability prove to be too great?
4			privacy	technology	marketing	risk	money			larger customer deals to boost check point prudential equity group maintained an overweight rating and a $ 26 target price for check point software technologies nasdaq: chkp news people . the company suggested that although interspect might
2			baseball	team	michigan	espn	basketball	sport	recruiting	football	usc	competition			inside the top 25 most of the top 25 is in action this week. no. 3 auburn, no. 4 california and no. 7 michigan all face dangerous games against bitter rivals.
4			electronics	housing	privacy	technology	tech	home	consumer	money			home is where the help desk is more than ever, today's consumers need to plan and research their tech purchases to make sure the parts of their digital dream home will actually work together.
4			computer	investor	investing	technology	finance	networking	money	email			investors flock to web networking sites internet whiz kids marc andreessen, josh kopelman and joe kraus share something in common besides reaping huge jackpots during the dot com boom.
4			cyber	hacking	network	privacy	technology	encryption	vulnerability	risk	security			security firms merge to form cybertrust a new managed security behemoth has been created by the merger of three security vendors. betrusted holdings, trusecure corporation and ubizen a subsidiary of betrusted will amalgamate and form a new company, known as cybertrust.
4			mobile	network	mobility	cellular	telecom	wireless	technology	telecommunication	carrier	money			verizon helps nextwave out of cell phone business in the deal announced friday verizon wireless is buying the remaining cellular capacity from nextwave telecom for $ 3 billion in cash.
4			mobile	network	mobility	telecom	broadband	technology	wireless	telecommunication	competition	canada			rogers wireless makes bid for upstart canadian rival rogers wireless communications positioned itself to become canada's largest wireless service provider with a bid for the feisty market upstart, microcell telecommunications.
1			election	politics	campaign	result	race	romney	candidate			unofficial delaware gov. primary returns the latest, unofficial returns in the republican primaries for governor in delaware. the winner is marked by an 'x'.
4			electronics	device	mobility	technology	nokia	evolution	innovation	change			palmone updates the treo smart phone palmone inc. 's long awaited update to the treo 600 will come with a new processor, sharper display and flash memory, as the company continues to improve its flagship product.
2			baseball	money	football			observations on another yankees red sox epic series heading into ... johnny damon speaks the truth. quoth the hairy one after game 5, we re going in there with no pressure. it 's something we re not supposed to do.
4			mobile	radio	network	mobility	technology	broadband	wireless	telecommunication	carrier			verizon spreads its 3g coverage verizon wireless this week said its 3g service will be available in 14 us markets and 20 airports on september 27. next monday, it will also be offered in atlanta; austin, texas; baltimore; kansas city, missouri
4			product	release	application	java	software	microsoft	development	tool	windows			microsoft extends visual studio line microsoft quote, chart announced another entry in its line of .net development tools, adding visual studio 2005 standard edition to the mix.
4			electronics	computer	chip	intel	technology	semiconductor	silicon	linux			intel on the outs? in yet another devastating body blow to the company, intel nasdaq: intc announced it would be canceling its 4 ghz pentium chip. the semiconductor bellwether said it was switching
4			ibm	computer	manufacturing	technology	performance	manufacturer	hp	blade			ibm sharpens bladecenter offering ibm has beefed up its popular bladecenter offering with the introduction of six new models and improved power management features.
4			computer	linux	mac	hardware	technology	innovation	apple	security	windows			joswiak: true to what an imac has always been about after apple unveiled the imac g5 in paris this week, vice president of hardware product marketing greg joswiak gave macworld editors a guided tour of the desktop's new design. among the topics of conversation: the imac's cooling system, why pre installed bluetooth functionality and firewire 800 were left out, and how this new model fits in with apple's objectives.
4			ibm	manufacturing	technology	semiconductor	patent	research	silicon	industry			ibm, amd develop new use of strained silicon ibm and advanced micro devices amd have jointly developed a new method for implementing strained silicon technology on both positive and negative transistors, the companies are expected to announce monday.
3			insurance	business	money	expense	loss	finance	accounting	competition	cost			e trade profit rises as expenses drop e trade financial corp. , an online bank and brokerage, on monday said its third quarter profit rose as lower expenses offset a drop in net revenue.
1			politics	america	election	democracy	china	europe	american	money			the threat at home european elites, like american elites, are having trouble understanding the recent american elections. how can 59,054,087 people be so dumb?
2			politics	athens	olympics	athletics	sport	race	football	athlete	swimming	tennis			athletics: i can t let athens agony destroy my life paula radcliffe insisted last night that her olympic disaster will not ruin my life as she bids to rebuild her career.
1			politics	science	economy	opinion	democracy	immigration	economics	money	education			results of poll on attitudes over economy the associated press ipsos poll on attitudes about the economy is based on telephone interviews with 1,001 randomly selected adults from all states except alaska and hawaii. the interviews were conducted sept. 7 9 by ipsos public affairs.
4			processor	computer	linux	java	hardware	memory	intel	computing	windows			vmware aims for four processor abilities software that lets computers split into virtual machines will create more powerful subdivisions.
4			computer	hacking	software	privacy	technology	vulnerability	security	linux			trojan horse drives spam into cell phones com november 9, 2004, 1:41 pm pt. security continues to hold steady over software as the third top it priority, with organizations busy coping with cyber threats, keeping up with software
4			electronics	lcd	privacy	technology	color			honeywell sues apple, 33 others over lcd patent honeywell on wednesday announced that it has filed suit against apple and 33 other companies for alleged patent infringement over a technology that increases the brightness of images and that reduces the appearance of certain interference effects on a liquid crystal display lcd , according to a statement released today.
2			coaching	baseball	history	miami	sport	nfl	football	vs			pats streak past miami for record win it was just a week ago that miami dolphins tight end randy mcmichael seemed beside himself after another loss in which his team turned the ball over, made costly penalties and couldn
2			politics	doping	olympic	olympics	athletics	sport	football			greek sprinters withdraw from olympics the final curtain fell wednesday on a week long drama that has riveted this nation when greece 's two top sprinters, swept up in a suspected doping scandal, withdrew from the summer olympics and competitions that might have ...
4			network	data	ethernet	mobility	trend	broadband	technology	networking	research	speed			update 3 sbc sees $ 5 billion in costs for fiber build sbc communications sbc.n: quote, profile, research expects to spend about $ 5 billion over the next three years to build and connect consumers to a high speed
4			atari	game	graphic	gaming	hardware	technology	intel	linux			atari offers first game to support athlon 64 bit extensions the athlon 64 has its first game specifically tuned for the chip. courtesy of games legend atari, the first person shooter, shadow ops: red mercury, contains 64 bit enhancements which apparently gives a richer and more immersive gaming experience .
4			chip	price	intel	technology	performance	pricing	cost	silicon	linux			intel lops pentium 4 prices newest p4 chips, the 500 series, drop in price by 18 percent to 35 percent; a host of other chips are cheaper now as well.
4			computer	software	biotechnology	technology	health	patent	toyota	healthcare			medtronic recalls software medtronic inc. on thursday recalled the software used to program some synchromed implantable pumps because it was susceptible to errors that have led to two deaths and seven serious injuries.
4			business	change	technology	company	strategy	innovation	patent	industry			jpmorgan chase and ibm announce changes to technology ... business wire ept. 15, 2004 organ chase co. nyse: jpm and ibm today announced jpmorgan chases plans to reintegrate the previously outsourced portions of its technology
1			election	politics	violence	democracy	syria	iran	poll	iraq	terrorism			iraq carnage kills 21 as un official warns time not ripe for polls at least 21 people were killed in the latest in a renewed spree of attacks to hit iraq , as a top un official issued a stark warning that elections could not be held in the current climate of violence.
4			mobile	network	mobility	ethernet	technology	wireless	telecommunication	networking	spectrum			cingular to roll out 3g network cingular wireless will leverage the additional spectrum it gained through the acquisition of at wireless to deploy a third generation wireless data network based on the global umts standard.
1			politics	election	putin	democracy	voting	corruption	reform	russia	ukraine			ukraine leader rejects election reform demands ukraine's outgoing president leonid kuchma monday rejected reform of the country's election laws on terms set by the opposition ahead of a re run of the ex soviet state's rigged vote later this month.
3			business	privacy	technology	growth	research	money	education	industry			career education falls 7 pct after news report shares of career education corp. ceco.o: quote, profile, research fell on thursday, after a newspaper said a grand jury probe was launched that could result in criminal charges against the company.
1			politics	election	baseball	controversy	congress	voting	california	football	republican			calif. lawmaker seeks end of bowl series the republican leader of the california senate has introduced a resolution calling for the dissolution of the bowl championship series.
2			politics	sport	race	football	jackie	money	racing			f1 boss to sue stewart the billionaire businessman is said to be livid over comments made by sir jackie in the battle to save the british grand prix.
4			computer	linux	china	technology	power	energy	silicon	computing	industry			sun wants computing to be commodity big tin firm sun is planning a brave new world where computing power is sold as a commodity and spare capacity is flogged off to other companies.
4			electronics	computer	graphic	privacy	technology	apple	color	windows			apple puts the squeeze on new imac all of the new imac g5 fits inside what the company calls an enchanting flat screen display.
2			coaching	baseball	kansas	basketball	athletics	sport	recruiting	football	coach			gundy named football coach at oklahoma state oklahoma state wasted little time in finding a new football coach, promoting offensive coordinator mike gundy to replace les miles.
3			contract	relationship	business	software	technology	marketing	strategy	pricing	money	ethics			here's the deal strategic software acquisition should mark the beginning of a beautiful relationship. but in today's bi market, contract negotiations involve sorting through complex pricing options, maintenance fees, and more. sage advice will help you become a smarter bi buyer.
4			hacking	privacy	microsoft	technology	internet	patent			sendo, microsoft settle lawsuits two year legal dispute over smart phone technology comes to an end.
4			computer	linux	engineering	intel	technology	patent	ai	silicon	computing	industry			intel acquires chip designers from hp intel corp. has reached an agreement to hire hundreds of hewlett packard co. engineers who helped design the itanium microprocessor, a massive joint project between the two technology companies since the early 1990s.
2			coaching	chicago	atlanta	espn	basketball	miami	sport	heat	player	performance			miami heat team report november 13 the heat suffered a 93 84 loss to the san antonio spurs on friday night at the sbc center. shaquille o neal had 23 points and 21 rebounds for miami, which played without star guard dwyane
4			industry	product	application	java	software	ibm	tool	linux			ibm readying tools for smb ibm on wednesday announced the pre release of several tools for smbs small and midsize businesses designed to speed development of solutions built on ibm middleware.
4			industry	environment	india	biotechnology	technology	infrastructure	development	energy	delhi	privatization			new policy soon to get fdi in core new delhi: the government will set up a regulatory framework for infrastructure to create the necessary environment to attract $ 150 billion foreign direct investment in the sector for achieving seven to eight per cent growth, prime minister manmohan singh
3			expansion	business	saving	growth	finance	bank	bankruptcy	money	banking			harris bank expands into indiana harris bank said wednesday that it is buying a privately held network of banks in northwest indiana, expanding its branches into the state for the first time.
4			electricity	network	connectivity	technology	broadband	internet	telecommunication	speed			broadband proves popular number of users with high speed connections has tripled in the last three years.
4			ibm	computer	business	manufacturing	technology	system	patent	security	industry			ibm focuses on services, outsourcing units international business machines corp.'s possible exit from the personal computer business would be the latest move in what amounts to a long goodbye from a field it pioneered and revolutionized.
3			taxation	business	tax	company	finance	corporate	corporation	money			corporate tax measure approved after nearly three years of jockeying by legions of business groups, the senate passed a $ 137 billion corporate tax bill on monday that gave something to almost everyone.
4			television	technology	broadband	internet	money			broadband goes broader early internet entrepreneurs envisioned a day when consumers would devour short bites of entertainment on their computer screens delivered over the internet by fat broadband pipes. when the companies failed, executives blamed it on ...
4			mobile	electronics	motorola	mobility	technology	telecommunication	patent	google			motorola aims to sharpen design edge in a 26th floor office suite overlooking lake michigan, some 40 industrial designers, mechanical engineers and specialists in fields ranging from anthropology to musicology converge for their daily dance: developing mobile phones for motorola inc.
1			election	politics	bribery	democracy	corruption	scandal	russia	ukraine	fraud			leader offers fresh election for ukrainians government unity seemed to crumble as the president proposed a new election and the supreme court heard complaints of fraud.
4			security	computer	business	technology	networking	ibm	email	computing	linux			blue gene l teraflops into supercomputing 's top spot ibm 's ascension to the top of the world 's supercomputing ranks marks the emergence of a platform that would make its way into a wide variety of customer environments, executives said wednesday.
4			issue	detail	solution	technology	problem	innovation	security	reliability			technical problems subside at online payment service paypal san jose, calif. the online payment service paypal says it 's been able to fix most of the technical problems that have plagued the company for the past five days.
3			share	trade	china	technology	company	stock	growth	finance	money	industry			stocks edge up in morning tokyo stocks rose wednesday morning as gains in such shares as technology and marine transport helped erase earlier losses prompted by an overnight fall in us blue chip shares.
4			science	collaboration	biotechnology	technology	copyright	innovation	patent	research			bill aims to protect joint patents patents that result from collaboration between universities and companies won new protections from legal challenge under legislation that passed congress over the weekend.
2			baseball	basketball	soccer	sport	football	tennis	money			soccer: owen sets up winner for madrid on debut football is a funny game. there are injuries, suspensions and so on and you ve just got to take your chance when you get it, was michael owen 's response last week when asked how he felt
4			wikipedia	java	software	technology	development	innovation	patent	linux			u.k. government report cites merits of open source open source software proponents received a potential boost from the u.k. government on thursday with a release of a report citing the well documented advantages on the server side, but also growing maturity on the desktop front.
4			mobile	device	network	cell	cellular	technology	nokia	wireless			spec released for cell wlan handoffs a group of major wireless operators, device and infrastructure vendors tuesday released a proposed specification that the group claims will enable devices to seamlessly transition between cellular and wireless data networks.
2			running	athletics	sport	race	football	speed			oklahoma's white could win second heisman growing up in a small oklahoma town, jason white would try to throw a football through a tire. usually, he'd miss. but there was this consolation: he sure could run.
4			ibm	computer	microsoft	technology	hp	patent	intel	computing	linux			hp shifting last of itanium engineers hewlett packard co. and intel corp. on wednesday ended their 10 year partnership to co develop the itanium chip for server computers, following disappointing sales of the product.
2			baseball	football			fumbles, stumbles lead colts to tumble with so much on the line in front of a sold out, lathered up rca dome crowd sunday, the indianapolis colts simply seized up. they emerged from their bye week not looking anything like the
4			dell	device	manufacturing	recall	usb	technology	storage	performance	pricing	security			almost a million dell notebook adapters to be recalled the us consumer product safety commission, in cooperation with the firms named below, have announced the voluntary recall of the following consumer product.
2			england	soccer	sport	football	money			camara trickery pre season was supposed to have ended a month ago. yet, such is the obsession with the champions league down celtic park way, it was impossible to escape the feeling that yesterdays oh so bloody easy premierleague
4			linux	detail	production	hardware	software	technology	performance	audio	windows			dvdrw alliance increases rewrite speed to 8x the dvdrw alliance has announced the release of final draft specifications for 8x rewriting on dvdrw media produced by hewlett packard, mkm, philips, ricoh, sony and yamaha.
4			privacy	technology	broadband	internet	telecommunication	money	email	phone			for $ 999, a lifetime of internet phone calls making unlimited phone calls for a fixed monthly price has proven to be a key selling point for internet phone services like vonage and at callvantage.
3			insurance	business	investor	investment	investing	finance	bankruptcy	wealth	money	banking			lazard set to discuss $ 3 billion ipo lazard 's board is set to meet to consider a sale of shares to the public that could end a long history of private ownership at the independent investment bank and possibly buy out the bank 's founding family.
4			electronics	battery	device	manufacturing	technology	nokia	aging	semiconductor	silicon	industry			consumers seen as drivers of longer term semi growth global semiconductor sales are expected to be flat in 2005, below previous forecasts, and growth won 't reach double digits again until 2007, a trade group said late wednesday.
3			business	company	sec	fraud	accounting	competition	money			former executives settle sec civil charges in kmart fraud five former executives from kmart and its vendor companies settled securities and exchange commission civil charges this week stemming from a $ 24 million accounting fraud they oversaw at the retail giant, the
4			nasa	computer	technology	ibm	ai	silicon	computing	linux			nasa mountain view claims world 's fastest computer silicon graphics, inc., of mountain view, and the national aeronautics and space administration on tuesday claimed nasa 's new intel itanium 2 processor based columbia supercomputer is the most powerful computer in the world.
1			politics	britain	election	government	war	violence	democracy	ireland	religion	terrorism			government, not guns is n.ireland sticking point northern ireland took another small step in the slow march toward restoring home rule this weekend with tacit promises from the ira to end guerrilla activity once and for all.
4			wikipedia	computer	unix	software	technology	networking	linux			free agent: where the geeks are taking us linuxworld expo came to san francisco, and our columnist managed to ignore most of the show. read on to see what did catch his eye.
4			taiwan	manufacturing	china	technology	tech	japan	innovation	security	industry			tsmc shows signs of tech sector slowdown taiwan semiconductor manufacturing co., the world 's biggest producer of custom made chips, on thursday reported record breaking revenue for the third quarter, but signaled that the global technology sector might be heading for a slowdown in the fourth
4			electronics	computer	graphic	printer	manufacturing	technology	innovation	hp	patent	printing			hp unveils inkjet and laser printers at techxny this week, hewlett packard reminded business users that it is still an active innovator in printers and imaging devices.
2			boxing	baseball	sport	williams	tennis	boxer			boxing: williams to face klitschko danny williams will take on wbc world heavyweight champion vitali klitschko in december.
4			electronics	computer	television	gaming	hardware	privacy	technology	multimedia	industry			electronics industry battles for the living room the living room, once the most technologically simple part of the average home, is a high tech battleground today as the consumer electronics industry seeks to digitize home entertainment and make it available anywhere, anytime.
1			politics	election	violence	democracy	war	peace	sudan	conflict	terrorism	genocide			museveni rejects war mediation uganda's president yoweri museveni says attempts to hold third party talks with lra rebels are a waste of time.
4			job	statistics	manufacturing	trend	technology	company	tech	innovation	industry			tech services jobs keep rising the u.s. economy added another 6,900 jobs in computer systems design and related services in october, but tech manufacturing posts fell again.
2			cycling	parade	olympics	athletics	sport	london	event			olympic heroes on parade in london britains 2004 olympic and paralympic medallists will take part in a parade through central london this lunch time. beginning near the ritz hotel in piccadilly at around 1.30pm, the parade which includes
3			revenue	ceo	manufacturing	technology	marketing	company	growth	finance	patent	industry			symantec nearly doubles quarterly revenue symantec wednesday said fiscal second quarter earnings more than doubled over the previous year as the company saw growth across all of its business segments.
1			politics	election	bribery	democracy	iran	corruption	fraud	afghanistan	irregularities			presidential election disputed in afghanistan first presidential election was thrown into chaos after 15 candidates opposing complaining of fraud and improper procedures.
2			usa	america	baseball	coaching	australia	china	basketball	sport	football	athlete			u.s. coach larry brown won't make changes same starting lineup, same subs, same tactics. the u.s. basketball team may be an unimpressive 1 1 in the olympic tournament, but coach larry brown won't do any tinkering for thursday's game against australia.
2			coaching	brown	basketball	sport	recruiting	football			brown has it double covered troy brown has tried not to be torn by his loyalties to his patriot teammates. but they have made the versatile 12 year veteran a prized possession in a playful tug of war between the offense and defense.
3			revenue	performance	loss	profit	bankruptcy	risk	industry			update 2 solectron net loss narrows on strong revenue contract electronics manufacturer solectron corp. on tuesday posted a narrower quarterly loss, helped by a 23 percent rise in revenue but issued a forecast at the low end
2			coaching	baseball	patriot	espn	sport	boston	nfl	football	rb	playoff			the relentless patriots reach a magic number the patriots set the n.f.l.'s unofficial record for consecutive victories at 19 counting playoff games with another grind it out performance.
3			revenue	india	sale	technology	company	finance	profit			india's wipro sees profits surge wipro, one of india's leading software exporters, reports a 65 jump in profits, driven by european demand and a rise in outsourcing.
4			electronics	battery	manufacturing	china	technology	innovation	consumer	industry			consumer electronics growth tops f'cast u.s. consumer electronics sales will grow by 8.1 percent this year, sharply ahead of previous forecasts and more than three times 2003 levels, an industry trade group said on monday.
3			movie	production	technology	company	stock	finance	industry			dreamworks sets ipo at 29m shares, $ 23 $ 25 per share dreamworks animation skg on tuesday set its planned initial public offering of stock at 29 million common shares at an estimated price of $ 23 to $ 25 per share.
3			investor	investing	company	market	growth	finance	strategy	profit	competition			answers in the margins by just looking at operating margins, investors can find profitable industry leaders.
3			trading	trade	investor	speculation	china	investing	stock	market	money	industry			stocks climb on rising factory orders stocks inched higher thursday as investors shrugged off sluggish retail sales, disappointing worker productivity and a surge in oil prices, focusing instead on rising factory orders. trading was muted as investors awaited a mid quarter update from u.s...
4			battery	revenue	technology	semiconductor	hp	patent	silicon	industry			gartner: chip revenue to see steady growth worldwide semiconductor revenue is expected to rise by over 27 percent during 2004, according to a new report. revenue this year will reach $ 226 billion, market research company gartner said tuesday.
4			computer	business	technology	innovation	silicon	computing			sun microsystems pushes computing as commodity taking our intellectual property and turning it into pay for use network services, sun president jonathan schwartz said. the company envisions businesses that
4			rival	network	competitive	competitor	technology	marketing	strategy	networking	competition	rivalry			rivals: cisco's tactics unfair cisco systems' substantial influence over the 8 million technology plan for san jose's new city hall reflects a deliberate strategy by the networking giant: get involved in the planning process early to win more business down the road.
4			windows	electronics	pc	computer	philip	technology	nokia	pcs	linux			philips begins making pcs again after ten year hiatus dutch electronics firm philips has joined forces with uk electrical retailer dixons group to launch philips freeline, a range of home entertainment personal computers in europe.
1			election	politics	government	irish	immigration	ireland	media	politician			factbox profiles of key figures in new irish cabinet ireland 's taoiseach prime minister bertie ahern has shuffled his cabinet to re energise his party after a poor showing in local and european elections earlier this year.
4			technology	standard	marketing	strategy	innovation	logistics	industry			rfid deadlines intensify need to manage product information enterprises face dual 2005 deadlines relating to rfid and supply chain data synchronization. those that haven 't moved forward with a product information management strategy will be under prepared to realize rfid 's value.
2			coaching	vince	baseball	espn	retirement	basketball	recruiting	football	coach			notre dame coach hires assistants former head coaches david cutcliffe, bill lewis and rick minter joined the staff of new notre dame coach charlie weis on monday night.
4			mobile	device	technology	nokia	smartphone	ios	phone			palmone rings up new smartphone palmone inc., the world 's biggest maker of hand held computers, unveiled a new model of its popular treo smartphone, the combined mobile handset, camera and planner that sold more than 600,000 units in a year.
2			coaching	sport	player	football	griffin	georgia	white			griffin would welcome white into exclusive club if jason white is named the heisman trophy winner he will be one of two players who have gotten the prestigious award twice. former ohio state tailback archie griffin is the only player to
4			network	connectivity	ethernet	mobility	standard	technology	ip	networking	intel			intel, symbian to define 3g smart phone 'standard' from wintel to symtel, horizontal integration coming to handsets
2			sport	golf	football	cricket	golfer	tennis			singh: golf is all i know as a youngster in fiji, vijay singh tried many sports, but golf was the one that captured is imagination and led him on a journey that reached a peak this week when he became the no.
4			processor	hardware	intel	technology	power	performance	hp	speed	linux			amd, intel stick with speed for gamers both amd and intel are preparing to unveil new, ultra high end processor refreshes later this month that will push the 3.5 ghz mark.
2			baseball	florida	michigan	basketball	sport	football	talent			stark times for zook, gators there are opportunities, there are missed opportunities, and then there 's what florida did on saturday. ron zook and the gators fell to 4 3 on saturday.
3			computer	business	china	technology	ibm	money	email	security	industry			ibm: do we have a deal? china 's biggest computer maker said it is in acquisition talks with a major international technology company, a disclosure that comes amid reports it might buy ibm 's personal computer business.
4			eye	vision	surgery	technology	photography			eyeing laser care profits eye care specialist tlc draws eyes to the field of high tech vision correction.
4			computer	ethernet	technology	internet	apple	networking	ibm	intel	linux			intel hopes to help build internet of the future intel 's chief technology officer, pat gelsinger, implied that the internet needs upgrading, and his company is ready to assist.
1			politics	history	survival	city	money	fear			'city of looms' fears for its future after a more than a century of churning out towels, sheets and bedspreads for american homes, there's no future for textiles in this self proclaimed city of looms, and many other north carolina towns fear the same fate.
1			politics	election	controversy	campaign	democracy	voting	strategy	debate	mccain			debates give kerry last chance to make case when president bush and sen. john kerry open a series of debates on thursday, voters will get their first chance to directly compare the white house candidates and kerry will get perhaps his last chance to convince americans he is up to the job.
4			computer	hacking	computing	network	privacy	technology	networking	reliability	security	linux			fellow users are the best support a telephone call to the technical support hotline, or an online chat session with a technician, may not be the best ways to solve computer problems.
4			ethernet	hardware	technology	ip	networking	blade	seo	linux			hp, brocade integrate san switching, blade architecture it managers concerned about deploying blade technology into heterogeneous environments may have an easier time of it with the recent announcement that brocade 's san storage area network
2			medal	olympic	olympics	sport	athlete	competition	gymnastics	event			moments of unforgettable olympics paul hamm of the usa celebrates with his coach after scoring a 9.837 in the horizontal bar to claim victory in the men 's artistic gymnastics individual competition on august 18, 2004, during the athens 2004 summer olympic games at the olympic sports ...
2			politics	luck	baseball	talent	sport	football	chess	lion			a fitting finish for lions winning close games is an art form a nebulous blend of luck, talent, timing, and intangibles. but chelmsford has it down to a science.
2			coaching	baseball	statistics	retirement	espn	sport	recruiting	football	coach			dolphins coach quits dave wannstedt resigned today as head coach of the miami dolphins after the team sank to an nfl worst 1 8 record. defensive co ordinator jim bates will take over as interim coach for the remainder of the season.
1			politics	election	war	democracy	afghanistan	terrorism	fear			afghan elections hoping for the best on the verge of historic presidential elections in afghanistan, everybody is braced for the worst. yet, on the last day of campaigning wednesday, the threats from the taliban
4			gaming	simulator	technology	training	strategy	simulation	tactic			simulation, war's new teacher will interactive is part of a prospering crop of washington area firms trying to sell interactive training and simulation technologies to the military.
4			privacy	technology	wireless	telecommunication	patent	competition	money			us justice dept approves cingular at deal us antitrust authorities on monday approved cingular wireless plan to acquire rival at wireless services inc. awe.n: quote, profile, research for $ 41 billion in cash, creating the nation 's biggest wireless carrier.
3			industry	share	shareholder	company	stock	finance	corporation	security	merger			biovail, innergex power, shermag: canadian equity preview the following is a list of companies whose shares may make gains or losses in the canadian market. stock symbols are in parentheses after company names.
4			industry	computer	manufacturing	sale	technology	hp	patent	productivity	linux			amd posts profit, sees sales growth advanced micro devices inc. on thursday reported a $ 44 million third quarter profit from a loss a year earlier, and predicted sales growth in the current quarter because of better than expected demand for its personal computers processors.
2			baseball	soccer	sport	construction	football	stadium	finance	money			washington, dc plans $ 410 million bonds for stadium washington, d.c., plans to sell $ 410 million in tax exempt and taxable bonds by the end of 2005 to finance a stadium for professional baseball, city officials said on thursday.
2			coaching	coach	talent			hoeppner new coach at indiana hoeppner has been the coach at miami ohio since 1999 and was an assistant at the school for 13 years before that. we talked to some terrific coaches throughout our search, but
4			electronics	gaming	chip	intel	technology	semiconductor	silicon	linux			intel delays launch of new projection tv chip in another product postponement, semiconductor giant intel corp. intc said it won't be offering a chip for projection tvs by the end of 2004 as it had announced earlier this year...
4			electronics	battery	computer	sale	car	technology	advertising	money	security			circuit city 's improving two weeks ago, we got to see a glimpse of circuit city 's nyse: cc second quarter numbers when the electronics retailer pre announced that sales had ticked up nearly 9 to $ 2.
4			science	computer	network	collaboration	technology	networking	research	computing	linux			euro supercomputer network boots up a new pan european supercomputing network has opened to help scientists in the eu with their research. we have just completed testing, said david henty of the edinburgh parallel computing centre, a member
2			coaching	baseball	basketball	sport	recruiting	football	coach	ucla			ole miss contacts erickson it 's something i need to look at don 't count san francisco 49ers coach dennis erickson out of ole miss 's hunt for a new coach just yet. on tuesday, erickson met with ole miss athletic director pete boone and chancellor robert khayat for two hours in a santa clara, calif.
4			statistics	network	telecom	technology	telecommunication	finance	competition	industry			nz telecom 1q net likely up but competition hurt mkt shr wellington dow jones telecom corp. of new zealand is expected to post higher net profit for the fiscal first quarter thanks to reduced interest costs, but operating earnings
3			thursday	business	ceo	friday	money			paper: disney ceo to leave company in '06 walt disney co.'s chief executive michael eisner will leave the giant entertainment company in 2006 when his contract expires, a newspaper reported friday. eisner's departure was expected to be announced friday, according to a report in the wall street journal's friday editions...
1			politics	election	computer	voting	technology	fraud	paper			maryland court rejects paper requirement for e voting a judge said it would be too costly to allow voters skeptical of electronic voting systems to opt for paper ballots.
3			taxation	revenue	business	tax	company	finance	corporate	corporation	money			us senate passes corporate tax bill the us senate on monday passed a corporate tax bill that would dole out 136 billion dollars in new tax breaks to a wide array of us companies.
2			baseball	running	basketball	sport	race	track	football	speed	racing			stops and starts in the fast lane michael jennings was a track star at florida state who also wanted to play football but wasn't confident enough to forgo a track scholarship and try the sport as a walk on for a team that good.
1			election	politics	democracy	voting	polling	race	candidate	voter	fraud			san diego ballots would have ousted mayor a complete review of disqualified ballots in san diego's mayoral race showed wednesday that write in candidate donna frye would have ousted mayor dick murphy had those votes been counted.
1			election	politics	president	candidate	money			lawmaker introduces presidential proposal schwarzenegger for president in 2008? no, he's not eligible.
4			computer	requirement	capability	technology	standard	system	weapon	security			contractors form standards group some of the pentagon's largest contractors, including boeing co. and lockheed martin corp., will begin a joint effort today to encourage development of technology standards that will ensure weapons systems of the future can communicate with each other.
2			politics	college	espn	basketball	sport	recruiting	football	rumor	campus			mountaineers prepared to lead big east west virginia coach rich rodriguez can't help but notice the buzz on campus.
4			mobile	broadband	technology	internet	telecom	telecommunication	phone	number			new numbers for internet phone users a new batch of phone numbers will be assigned to accommodate the emerging market for cheap phone calls over the internet, telecoms industry regulator ofcom says.
3			news	business	investor	sale	rumor	bankruptcy	money	newspaper			update 1: pulitzer inc. says it 's considering sale newspaper publisher pulitzer inc. said sunday that company officials are considering a possible sale of the firm to boost shareholder value.
2			doping	olympics	athletics	sport	swimmer	fencing	athlete	swimming	cycling			court throws out challenge to blimp the united states is on the verge of winning its first fencing medal in twenty years. greek sprinters kostas kenteris and katerina thanou are out of the hospital but not out of the woods.
3			revenue	company	stock	market	growth	finance	profit	return	risk	competition			if the revenue column says zero, avoid the i.p.o. initial offerings of commercially successful companies regularly beat benchmarks of similar stocks over the long term, according to a new study.
3			statistics	trend	company	stock	market	growth	finance	money	earnings			; gt; eye on stocks news people will report fiscal first quarter results. analysts polled by thomson first call expect quarterly earnings of 9 cents per share on revenue of $ 2.
4			software	privacy	technology	licensing	litigation	copyright	patent	linux			palmsource settles digeo patent suit the software developer will become a licensee of the digeo technology in the case.
4			electronics	philip	manufacturing	technology	nokia	semiconductor	manufacturer	patent	silicon	industry			philips cuts chip sales forecast on waning demand royal philips electronics nv, europe 's third largest maker of semiconductors, reduced its third quarter chip sales forecast as demand wanes, joining companies including texas instruments inc.
3			business	trend	sale	marketing	company	growth	competition	earnings	industry			reebok third quarter earnings, sales up athletic shoe and apparel maker reebok international ltd. on thursday posted better than expected quarterly earnings, helped by improved sales due to acquisitions and the weak dollar.
4			network	connectivity	mobility	privacy	technology	wireless	communication	networking	email			carriers, handset makers vie for interface control a macromedia executive says wireless carriers are demanding specific menus, buttons and functions. could flash be the answer?
1			election	politics	beijing	taiwan	result	democracy	china	candidate			china camp makes big gains in hk elections pro democracy candidates in hong kong, stung by sex and money scandals, made only limited gains while the china camp made big gains in directly elected seats in legislative elections, results showed on monday.
1			politics	america	election	computer	television	democracy	football	strategy			it's all a game for bush vs. kerry the presidential race is being played out in several new video and online games.
4			television	programming	software	technology	microsoft	internet	advertising	tv	windows			microsofts latest plan for tv television has been something of a great white whale for the microsoft corporation. the company has tried to sell webtv and build software for tv 's and cable boxes.
4			windows	computer	linux	drive	technology	storage	hp	ibm	computing	server			hp using hitachi drives in servers, storage hewlett packard says it is putting 300gb hard drives into storage devices and servers, with more products in october.
2			basketball	money	sport			nba could use this reject sarunas jasikevicius is just another international nobody who is too slow and too anchored to the floor to play in the nba. he is not what we want, not our style.
4			electronics	computer	wired	mobility	ethernet	privacy	technology	wireless	networking	linux			best of year: imac g5 naming the imac g5 one of its best products of the year, fortune writes, an engineering marvel, the new imac tucks the computer and speakers inside the expansive flat panel display an advance as welcome as the day that vcr dvd players were encased in the tv monitor box, says thompson paul thompson, director of the cooper hewitt national design museum. built in wireless technology lets you use a cable free keyboard and mouse. dec 10
4			industry	computer	linux	software	microsoft	technology	apple	ibm	windows			software giant microsoft rings up multibillion dollar profit gain the world's biggest software company, microsoft corp, said that its first quarter profits swelled to 2.9 billion dollars as consumers and businesses pumped up demand for new computers.
2			coaching	baseball	retirement	sport	football	retire	retiring	coach	retired			return of the ol ball coach probably following his team 's regular season finale saturday against clemson south carolina coach lou holtz is expected to announce his retirement.
3			pollution	company	profit	energy	bankruptcy	oil	corporation	competition	industry			kerr mcgee posts a drop in profit oil and gas producer kerr mcgee corp. on wednesday reported a fall in quarterly profit, citing a writedown related to a pigment plant and higher environmental charges.
3			computer	business	detail	nothing	money	security	number			nortel hints it won 't tell all nortel networks corp., which plans to shed some light tomorrow morning on its financial performance for the first half of the year, hinted yesterday that those long awaited results could be short on details.
2			baseball	nascar	aviation	sport	race	motorsports	football	car	racing			executives of top nascar team killed in plane crash a private airplane carrying members of one of nascars most successful teams crashed sunday afternoon in bull mountain near blue ridge regional airport.
2			seahawks	espn	sport	football	seattle	stats			nfl games on tv st. louis 2 2 vs. seattle 3 0 when, where: sunday, 4 p.m., at seattle. tv: ch. 25. last season: seattle won, 24 23, and st. louis won, 27 22. comments: the seahawks are going for the first 4 0 start in franchise history. they lead the league in defense 242.3 ypg , having yielded only 13 points so far this season. they also lead in ...
2			boxing	baseball	hockey	statistics	giant	basketball	sport	nfl	football			giants slip and vanish in a torrent of turnovers the giants coughed up three straight second quarter turnovers and dissolved in a torrent of penalties in a baffling loss at giants stadium.
2			coaching	volleyball	basketball	sport	recruiting	transition	coach	woman			c usa to undergo transition across the country, college basketball coaches and media members are meeting at conference media days. in birmingham, ala., the university of kentucky 's tubby smith and other southeastern
3			job	employee	manufacturing	company	cost	finance	money	efficiency	industry			p o to axe up to 1,200 jobs p o says it will cut up to 1,200 jobs and slash services as part of a review to reduce costs at its loss making ferries business.
4			electronics	sony	computer	india	technology	innovation	everything	color			sony starts mass producing oled displays yesterday we talked about how toshiba and canon have formed a joint venture to develop sed display technology. now comes news that sony is ready to start volume production of oled displays.
1			election	politics	putin	result	democracy	russia	candidate	ukraine	afghanistan			kremlin candidate favourite as chechnya votes amid violence a kremlin backed career police officer was set to be crowned leader of chechnya in a vote sunday that moscow hopes will show progress towards peace in the embattled
1			politics	election	government	democracy	parliament	corruption	reform	ireland	change			pms publish devolution proposals the british and irish prime ministers are publishing their proposals to restore devolution in ni.
3			inflation	trend	sale	marketing	market	finance	fashion	retail	industry			lvmh profits rise on retail revival lvmh, the world 's biggest luxury goods company, has beaten forecasts with a 14 percent rise in first half operating profits, helped by a rebound in retailing and strong sales at louis vuitton.
4			electronics	computer	hardware	car	technology	networking	security	linux			palmone announces the tungsten t5 its not really much of a surprise at this point, but at least we can now openly talk about the t5 and its specs. the palmone tungsten t5 features a tungsten e esque design, a brilliant 320x480 display, 256mb ram, bluetooth and several software updates.
3			inflation	share	price	shareholder	company	stock	debt	finance	money			diageo raises 1.84bn from share sale diageo has raised $ 2.26bn 1.84bn from the sale of 49.9 million shares of common stock held in general mills. the shares were sold for 45.
4			computer	hacking	privacy	technology	encryption	terrorism	security			former bush adviser returns to cybersecurity howard schmidt, a highly regarded technology executive who was former special adviser to us president george w. bush for cybersecurity, is returning to work with the homeland security department on efforts to protect the nation 's computer
3			brand	branding	business	management	sport	marketing	lewis	chef			kmart names new president and ceo lewis will also join the kmart board of directors. he joins kmart from yum! brands, inc., where he was president, chief multi branding and operating officer.
2			sport	health	paul	money	gymnastics			hamm wins all around gymnastics title with his medal hopes all but gone after he hit the judges' table on his vault landing, paul hamm performed two of the most spectacular routines of his career to win the men's all around gymnastics title by the closest olympics margin ever. i'm happy right now...
2			medal	boxing	doping	olympics	sport	athlete	swimming	competition	money			hamm admits he will be shocked if he loses gold olympic all round champion paul hamm admitted he would be stunned if he lost the gold medal he was awarded in athens following a judging error.
4			ibm	computer	statistics	linux	technology	time	patent	speed	industry			ibm says blue gene breaks speed record ibm corp. claimed unofficial bragging rights tuesday as owner of the world's fastest supercomputer.
3			politics	computer	relationship	business	oracle	money			judge's decision means uncertain future for peoplesoft one year ago at peoplesoft inc.'s connect user conference, chief executive officer craig conway took the stage to assure several thousand peoplesoft customers that oracle corp.'s then three month old bid for control of peoplesoft had failed. when he stands before the crowd at this year's connect gathering later this month, he'll have a harder time making the case that oracle's lingering campaign isn't harming peoplesoft.
2			pittsburgh	baseball	safety	espn	basketball	sport	football	revenge	tv			what game? tv can 't get off sideline it is late in the game, the patriots clinging to a 2 point lead, and heinz field is rocking. the diehard steeler fans are roaring as their heroes march upfield for what could be a winning field goal.
4			cluster	computer	network	collaboration	networking	computing	linux			who needs clustering? clustering, or grid server configurations, have matured, with built in capabilities that have taken out some of the intimidating factors inherent in the system topology. as a result, clustering has become more practical for a broader range of i.t. applications and sectors.
2			mlb	baseball	radio	nascar	television	espn	athletics	sport	football	broadcasting			xm satellite radio signs baseball deal com. xm satellite radio holdings inc. on wednesday said it has signed an 11 year, $ 650 million deal to broadcast major league baseball games beginning with the 2005 season.
4			electronics	computer	mac	technology	apple	macintosh	ai	computing	linux			mac night owl interviews mossberg the wall street journal 's personal technology columnist walter s. mossberg often muses on the macintosh, ipod and apple 's latest doings recently he declared the imac g5 the most elegant
2			baseball	sport	football	friendship	jet			columnist sal defilippo: patriots jets: zero in common and not ... sal defilippo 's pro football picks column appears friday. reach him at or 702 259 4076. on the surface, it seems as though the new england patriots and new york jets have a lot in common.
1			politics	justice	race	freedom			sony lawyer enslaved worker, apparently one of the brains behind the music industry 's moves to drag old ladies, children and other file sharers through the courts has just lost a slavery case.
4			science	chemicals	biotechnology	technology	plant	energy	mexico	chemistry	industry			nova chemicals to join pemex to study mexican plants nova chemicals corp., canada 's largest chemical maker, will join petroleos mexicanos, mexico 's state owned oil company, and two other partners to study a plan to build a $ 2 billion petrochemical complex in mexico.
4			product	recycling	chemicals	manufacturing	material	technology	metal	aluminum			stocks to watch on wednesday, august 18 applied materials inc. :
4			windows	hardware	software	unix	technology	microsoft	security	linux			virtual server 2005 fills gap in microsoft line new virtual machine technology can be used to test software patches and migrate aging windows nt applications. by john foley, paula rooney, crn.
4			politics	business	privacy	technology	strategy	innovation	terrorism	security	industry			digital agenda: homeland security companies profiting from fear multibillion dollar security initiatives have given rise to a new industry seemingly overnight. a special report.
4			electronics	battery	privacy	technology	car	money	phone			tales from the next generation millions of pounds will be spent in the coming months trying to persuade people to upgrade to 3g phones. what do two users of the services which have been launched already think about what their fancy phone can do?
4			electronics	device	mobility	ethernet	hardware	usb	wireless	technology	networking	linux			wireless ip with sprint, usb, and kernel 2.6 i've blogged before about how to setup your sprint vision phone with their mythware which is a perfect word for 1 2 of sprints product line vision ip services. most recent phones are capable of acting as a usb modem when connected to your favorite laptop. there are a few tricks involved and its mostly a black art. to that end i'll quickly review whats necessary to configure linux 2.6.7 with a nokia 3588i. hardware the first step is to get the right hardware. first off don't start with sprint. they won't acknowledge that this is even possible. the only hardware required is a sprint connected cell phone with support for their vision data service. an additional usb cable is req ...
4			computer	privacy	technology	advertising	drug	cancer	money			taking on no. 1 say the name verizon , and most consumers in america get some clear pictures in their mind. the phone company. the bell system. the wireless test guy asking, can you hear me now?
3			politics	business	ceo	conway	bankruptcy	money	leadership			peoplesoft fires ceo conway in the wake of a 15 month long battle for its life, peoplesoft inc. 's board of directors fired ceo craig conway friday morning.
3			business	banking	technology	marketing	bank	finance	email	security	industry			sun micro aims to woo banking customers sun microsystems inc. is staging its first press and customer event in new york on tuesday in three years to roll out new products and woo customers in the banking industry, one of the network computer maker's most important markets.
4			web	technology	advertising	patent	research	google			google profit up in 1st reported quarter web search leader google inc. , in its first earnings report as a publicly held company, on thursday posted a higher net profit as revenue more than doubled on strong web search advertising.
3			investor	shell	investment	investing	shareholder	stock	profit	oil	money			a strategy for shell? shell outlined a profit strategy of modest acquisitions and no buybacks. investors sold.
4			computer	technology	automation	machine	robot	robotic			u.n.: robots to surge sevenfold by 2007 the use of robots around the home to mow lawns, vacuum floors and manage other chores is set to surge sevenfold by 2007 as more consumers snap up smart machines, the united nations said.
1			politics	conservative	right			livewire: web aids search for the right or left mate the run up to the u.s. presidential election is casting the spotlight on a new crop of web sites for political minded singles who are seeking mr. or ms. right ... or left.
4			windows	privacy	technology	communication	networking	email	security	linux			customers to get lcs 2005 in december microsoft is now burning disks of live communication server 2005. the real time communications product should be broadly available december 1, the company said monday.
1			election	politics	florida	democracy	voting	candidate	voter	campaigning			florida voters may have plenty time to elect next us president florida elections supervisors want to give voters several days to elect candidates, a proposal offered after early voting in last month's presidential election apparently helped avoid a repeat of the 2000 election debacle.
2			coaching	baseball	basketball	sport	football	alabama	coach	georgia			spurrier sees sec title for gamecocks right now, life is a blur for new south carolina coach steve spurrier.
4			politics	business	privacy	technology	strategy	innovation	terrorism	security	industry			digital agenda: homeland security companies profiting from fear multibillion dollar security initiatives have given rise to a new industry seemingly overnight. a special report.
4			electronics	computer	chip	intel	technology	silicon	security	linux			intel looks to fend off amd with new 2006 chipset exclusive blackford confirmed
1			politics	america	election	democrat	democracy	republican	money			why the democrats are sucking i just read an article on the village voice website that summed up one of the complaints i have had for some time about the democratic party: they won't fight. at the same time, they are trying to convince conservative voters to vote for them instead of the republicans and are losing votes on the liberal side as a result. for both of these problems, i blame the democratic leadership council.
4			mobile	business	mobility	technology	nokia	smartphone			ipass to offer flat rate hotspot pricing aggregator says it expects flat rate pricing to simplify budgeting for enterprises and to increase usage of hotspots. by mobile pipeline news.
4			computer	network	privacy	technology	broadband	internet	telecommunication	networking	email			at forms net phone alliance com september 21, 2004, 3:39 pm pt. there 's no doubt the internet will continue to make its mark in the world of business and technology.
3			buying	sale	marketing	market	stock	profit	consumer	competition	retail			profit taking clips stocks after a rollercoaster of a ride today the share market ended in negative territory on a frenzy of profit taking in the afternoon. retailers were hardest hit following disappointing sales figures released yesterday
2			boxing	betting	sport	race	motorsport	competition	racing			racing: rule of law applies the finishing touch one of the factors that the decriers of the st leger often forget is that an integral part of this sport is the spectacle that it provides.
4			mobile	business	microsoft	technology	nokia	phone	industry			nokia raises outlook on global phone sales nokia said thursday its third quarter revenue and profits would be better than expected, citing an increase in mobile phone sales. the news pushed its shares up nearly 6.5 percent in trading...
1			politics	violence	democracy	peace	power	terrorism	god			mark steel ian paisley is a genius. he 's being hailed as a peacemaker for possibly agreeing to possibly hold talks with sinn fein. but he also demanded sinn fein should wear sackcloth and ashes until they wear out .
3			trend	sale	marketing	option	target	stock	growth	strategy	retail			target sees sales growth near 6 percent target corp. now expects average october sales close to the top of its previous estimate of a 4 percent to 6 percent increase from last year, the discount retailer said monday.
3			revenue	company	stock	growth	finance	loss	accounting	competition	money			3com lowers revenue forecast, shares drop 3com corp. , a smaller rival of telecommunications equipment maker cisco systems inc. , on friday lowered its revenue and gross margin forecasts for its fiscal first quarter, sending its shares down more than 10 percent.
2			politics	sport	race	france	football	paris			dream in the tank athensit was like a funeral. one by one they came to pay their respects to alexandre despatie, widower of an olympic dream to which he d been married since childhood.
4			manufacturing	production	unemployment	technology	manufacturer	innovation	factory	productivity	industry			manufacturing speeds up as consumers spend away the outlook for u.s. manufacturing improved in november as factories hired more workers in response to a jump in new orders, a national survey published on wednesday showed.
1			politics	election	israel	coalition	negotiation	democracy	iran	iraq	party			opposition parties begin talks for coalition israeli government the opposition labour party in israel has begun coalition talks with the prime minister ariel sharon 's likud party. labour leader shimon peres says negotiations to establish a coalition government could be completed within a few days.
1			election	politics	democratic	democrat	democracy	race	republican			democrats have bad case of the blues after losing back to back presidential elections, democratic leaders are trying to figure out how to make the party more relevant to mainstream americans and keep it from slipping into perpetual minority party status.
4			progress	software	privacy	technology	microsoft	performance	security	windows			is upgrading to windows xp sp2 worthwhile? users of microsoft windows xp home edition are scheduled to begin receiving service pack 2 via automatic update starting today. but delivery of the professional edition has been delayed at least a week while microsoft and its users grapple ...
4			electronics	computer	device	chip	technology	performance	semiconductor	silicon	intel			ibm, amd speed chips by straining silicon wafers researchers at ibm and advanced micro devices inc. have improved a chip making technology called strained silicon, boosting semiconductor performance at a time when such gains are increasingly hard to come by, the companies said on sunday.
1			politics	election	democracy	voting	rule	angola	corruption			southern african development community agrees on new election guidelines southern african leaders have agreed to a set of rules aimed at enhancing the transparency of elections and democratic rule in the region.
4			authentication	network	privacy	technology	encryption	networking	email	security			kerio partners must pass rigorous exam to carry new serverfirewall kerio technologies, a vendor that specializes in perimeter and messaging security, has rolled out a new channel program and a new software based firewall.
4			computer	privacy	technology	broadband	internet	communication	telecommunication	networking			keeping internet phone service simple two former mci executives, joyce dorris and paul erickson, want to bring internet phone service to mainstream america. we're in the beginning of a wholesale transformation to have communications run over internet technology, said erickson, chief executive of sunrocket, a start up in vienna. if you have broadband, you'd be silly not to put your phone service on the internet.
4			computer	linux	hardware	software	technology	microsoft	apple	intel	windows			microsoft, intel moves are good news for it microsoft wants to get its next operating system in shipping shape by taking away one of the legs of the three legged stool upon which the system would be built.
4			network	mobility	ethernet	technology	nokia	siemens	wireless	networking	speed			siemens claims gigabit wireless breakthrough german company siemens has shown what it claims to be the fastest ever wireless network connection. the demonstration at its munich laboratories on tuesday reached speeds of 1gbps, twenty times faster than
4			television	privacy	technology	marketing	telecommunication	advertising	tv			phone firms rush to get tv on mobile phones europeans came a step closer to having television on their mobile phones on friday when two groups of companies announced plans to push forward with consumer trials and establish a standard for the technology.
4			electricity	technology	option	tech	power	finance	energy	utility	industry			dynegy announces us $ 135 million acquisition of exelon corp... dynegy inc. said tuesday it would pay $ 135 million us to buy exres shc inc., a subsidiary of chicago based exelon corp. it was the houston based power marketer 's first acquisition in more than two years.
1			politics	election	result	voting	polling	poll			presidential polls glance results of recent polls on the presidential race. listed above each set of results is the name of the organization that conducted the poll, the dates, the number interviewed, whether it was adults, registered voters rv or likely voters lv and the margin of error moe . results might not total 100 percent because of rounding.
3			business	city	sale	privacy	marketing	merchant	commerce	advertising			citysearch launches pay per call search advertising program citysearch launches pay per call search advertising program citysearch, a local search service, announced the national roll out of its pfp calls product to enhance its pfp pay for performance advertising package. the new product allows local merchants to track business leads through the number of phone calls they receive. merchants are ...
1			election	politics	bribery	democracy	china	corruption	rigged	fraud			hk pro democrats dismayed pro democracy opposition figures gained more clout in hong kong 's legislature with three new seats, but they fell short of expectations and resumed grumbling yesterday about a system they said was unfairly rigged.
1			politics	america	election	history	war	democracy	iran	iraq	terrorism			soviets might be around if kerry had led cheney the soviet union might still exist and saddam hussein might dominate the gulf if democratic presidential candidate john kerry had been president in recent years, vice president dick cheney said on saturday.
1			election	politics	rule	corruption	finance	fraud	money	lobbying	ethics			judge rejects campaign finance rules a federal judge has struck down rules governing campaign fund raising, concluding that the regulations undermine a 2 year old campaign finance reform law and allow political activists and candidates to dodge it.
4			hacking	privacy	technology	broadband	internet	telecommunication	consumer	industry			at , vonage cut prices on internet calling at corp. and internet telephone provider vonage said on thursday they were cutting prices for their residential internet calling services by $ 5 per month, the strongest
4			device	usb	technology	palm	storage	apple	memory	linux			palm 's tungsten gains more memory palmone inc. is beefing up its new tungsten t5 handheld with more memory in an attempt to make the device more appealing to business users who need access to data intensive applications.
3			revenue	price	sale	loss	profit	finance	money	cost			kmart posts profit after cost cuts kmart holding corp. kmrt.o on monday reported its third consecutive quarterly profit despite slumping sales as it cut jobs and reduced advertising and discounts, boosting its cash pile to $ 2.6 billion.
2			politics	baseball	sport	football	coach	drug	money			talk the talk the sports world is the foremost haven for clichis, and there might be no better place to unearth them than through college football coaches.
4			ibm	network	ethernet	technology	cisco	telecommunication	networking	patent	security			cisco's fiscal 1q profit jumps 29 percent cisco systems inc.'s fiscal first quarter profits jumped 29 percent as the network equipment giant saw growth in its traditional routing markets as well as its emerging technologies like internet telephone and home networking gear.
4			technology	economics	education	strategy	innovation	globalization	idea	industry			us must make r priority, business leaders warn the us must make innovation the top national priority or risk ceding its role as the worlds foremost economic power, an organisation of top business and academic leaders warned on wednesday.
4			cable	electricity	technology	wireless	internet	power	broadband	networking	speed			where's the spark on power line net? the nyt has an optimistic overview on broadband over power lines, calling it the ultimate plug and play. broadband blog
3			news	business	trade	china	technology	company	money	industry			weldon: reports say jnj, guidant merger seen within week johnson johnson nyse: jnj news people is said to be in advanced talks to buy medical device maker guidant nyse: gdt news people for more than $ 24 billion.
1			election	politics	democracy	voting	polling	poll	iran	candidate	afghanistan			vote counting begins in afghan election interim leader hamid karzai took an early lead as vote counting began in afghanistan's landmark presidential election, after allegations of ballot box stuffing, voter intimidation and multiple voting forced five days of delay. the tally was halted friday so the 1,000 afghans on the counting staff could have the day off to celebrate the start of ramadan, the islamic fasting month...
4			wikipedia	computer	software	microsoft	technology	internet	innovation	networking	email			internet fails to shine for 'silver surfers' the modern maturity set is a growing yet elusive demographic for it product engineers and web site designers.
4			computer	privacy	technology	dating	networking	freezing	money	security			startup exploits new way of networking hen checking into a hotel room for the first time, how many times have you been frozen by the air conditioner the last occupant left on full blast?
4			electronics	handheld	device	hardware	technology	smartphone	nokia	linux			new tungsten t5 boasts 256mb flash memory palmone introduced monday the tungsten t5 handheld with 256 megabytes of flash memory the most built into a handheld to date. expected to be widely available
4			computer	technology	performance	parallel	vs	speed	linux			toshiba brings perpendicular data recording to hdd according to jcn network, toshiba has announced a new breakthrough technology in hard disk drives hdd based on perpendicular recording, setting new benchmarks for data density, boosting the capacity of a single 1.8 inch hard disk platter to 40 gigabytes
4			hotel	network	connectivity	trend	privacy	technology	wireless	internet	broadband	telecommunication			study: half of u.s. hotel rooms have broadband broadband growth doubles in hotels, as chains try to tap into demand for speedy internet access.
2			politics	sport	football	god	neal			no longer wrestling with job physically, stephen neal has seldom been overmatched in his athletic endeavors. a 6 foot 4 inch, 305 pound offensive lineman with the patriots, neal has held his own grappling with nfl defensive linemen, much the way he did with opponents on the wrestling mat at cal state bakersfield, winning a pair of ncaa division 1 titles. but ask neal about the most daunting ...
2			coaching	baseball	espn	volleyball	basketball	sport	recruiting	golf	football	tennis			college basketball: georgia tech, uconn win bj elder poured in a game high 27 points to lead fourth ranked georgia tech to a convincing 99 68 win over michigan in the acc big ten challenge at alexander memorial coliseum.
2			baseball	basketball	money	football			top 25 roundup: north carolina upsets uconn i think the game played out probably the way i thought it would play out, he said. i can 't say that i m really, really that surprised.
4			cyber	detail	privacy	technology	information	terrorism	email	security			cybersecurity office may relocate the house will propose moving cybersecurity offices from the department of homeland security to the white house as part of the intelligence reorganization, according to draft legislation obtained wednesday by the associated press. the bill, expected to be introduced thursday, would place cybersecurity into the white house budget office...
2			coaching	baseball	statistics	olympics	basketball	sport	scoring	nba	mvp			golden goal for nba stars as they face formidable challengers winning a gold medal would ease the sting of two olympic qualifying defeats for the united states team of national basketball association stars.
2			baseball	gaming	espn	basketball	sport	football	nba	gambling			wi fi not a slam dunk for basketball maverick nba franchise owner mark cuban nixes plans to let dallas mavericks ticket holders get wi fi access from their seats.
3			business	trend	entrepreneur	technology	marketing	company	internet			building a database of dot com failures future online entrepreneurs could log on to see business plans, marketing documents, and other documents from dot coms launched in the 90s.
2			coaching	controversy	baseball	espn	basketball	recruiting	football	coach	competition			tranghese offers new bcs plan big east commissioner mike tranghese is pushing a plan to change the way teams are selected for the bowl championship series and make the process, which has been marked by controversy since its inception in 1998, more in line with the way the ncaa picks teams for its basketball tournament.
1			politics	election	controversy	protest	violence	democracy	censorship	protester	washington	terrorism			gop convention closes with milder protests a week of rallies, marches and nearly 1,800 arrests left anti bush protesters drained and the city refuting allegations that demonstrators were held too long in police custody.
4			electricity	privacy	technology	broadband	internet	telecommunication			the internet electric will a new set of fcc rules for broadband over power lines bring the internet to millions more homes? on friday, proponents of broadband internet service over power lines hailed a recent decision by the us
3			business	ceo	revenue	sale	marketing	growth	profit	finance			sysco corp.'s 4q profit up 16 percent sysco's fiscal fourth quarter profit rose 16 percent due to an extra week in the quarter, customer service initiatives and operating efficiency.
3			income	business	sale	marketing	growth	profit	money			hairballs haunt cisco rising sales and net income isn't always what it seems, especially when there's a big, fat inventory hairball in the way.
3			liquidation	business	greed	bankruptcy	competition	money			taste of the times the company behind twinkies, spongy cakes that have been an american institution since the 1930s, is seeking chapter 11 bankruptcy protection.
4			electronics	radio	computer	battery	music	technology			pluggedin: can radio kill the digital music star? a funny thing happened on the way to the consumer electronics store.
4			hydrogen	biotechnology	technology			membrane breakthrough for fuel cells a california company, polyfuel, plans to announce that it has achieved a breakthrough in fuel cell membranes.
4			electronics	computer	mac	technology	apple	macintosh	ios	industry			apple unveils new imac at paris expo apple computer inc. aapl on tuesday introduced its new imac, the latest version of the consumer desktop computer that restored the company's fortunes as a force in personal computing.
3			business	sale	technology	shareholder	oracle	company	growth	industry			oraclesoft at last this morning, oracle nasdaq: orcl announced double digit gains in sales, net income, and per share earnings for the second quarter of fiscal 2005, plus a definitive agreement to acquire business
3			investor	ceo	trend	investing	company	stock	growth	finance	health	money			medtronic drops, results fail to inspire shares of medtronic inc. fell on thursday as the company's fiscal first quarter results, released after the market closed on wednesday, failed to inspire investors.
4			computer	game	graphic	gaming	chip	technology	performance	memory	color			superfast notebook graphics: nvidia's geforce go 6800 pc world's initial test results for this gaming chip are impressive.
4			computer	desktop	linux	software	technology	microsoft	availability	computing	windows			novell linux desktop arrives by the end of the week, novell inc. 's new linux desktop for enterprise customers, novell linux desktop 9, powered by suse linux, will be available for purchase through novell channel partners for a suggested price of $ 50 per system.
2			baseball	basketball	sport	kicking	football	money			it's football, not 'footloose' in the nfl, it used to be the object of the game was to get into the end zone. now, the object of the game is to get into the end zone em and act like a fool.
2			baseball	doping	soccer	sport	football	chelsea	diving	money			sports file the yellow card didier drogba received for diving during chelsea 's premier league soccer match at aston villa has been rescinded by referee rob styles, the football association said yesterday.
4			processor	electronics	battery	computer	chip	intel	technology	semiconductor	silicon			intel gloom weighs on chip stocks intel, the world's leading computer chip maker, slashes its revenue forecasts, triggering a decline in global chip stocks.
2			coaching	baseball	patriot	basketball	sport	football	coach	quarterback	linebacker			patriots open season with lopsided win lamar butler scored 16 points to lead five george mason players in double figures last night as the patriots defeated indianapolis purdue fort wayne 69 51 in the opening round of the coaches vs.
2			politics	baseball	hockey	city	sport	football	detroit	canada	toronto			lockout in n.h.l. puts businesses on the brink in the many smaller cities that are reliant on hockey to enliven downtowns at night, the loss of a season is a significant blow.
2			coaching	overtime	baseball	espn	basketball	suspension	sport	penalty	nba			4 suspended after nba melee nba commissioner david stern indefinitely suspended four players who took part in an ugly melee with fans, now regarded as one of the worst in sports history, in a friday night game between the indiana pacers and the host detroit pistons.
3			product	revenue	business	sale	technology	marketing	analytics	hr	seo			saleslogix closes in on full service crm best software's saleslogix is a windows based sales, marketing, and support application that gives smbs a universal view of the customer, from identifying initial leads to managing ongoing service contracts.
4			industry	computer	computing	linux	technology	storage	networking	ibm	security	server			ibm prices new disk servers to undercut rivals ibm on friday unveiled new low cost storage servers that the computer giant 's using to undercut wares from rivals hewlett packard and dell emc in the small and mid sized markets.
4			ship	technology	enterprise	piracy	pirate			13 things we can expect from ric virgin ceo richard bransons virgin space ship enterprise is set to set the world on fire. we dose him with cold water with our rundown of things to expect with the launch of virgin galactic.
4			network	technology	wireless	performance	competition	linux			verisign to bump up forecast company cites better than expected performance from its recent acquisition of wireless content provider jamba.
3			news	business	ceo	technology	shareholder	stock	competition	sprint	merger			forsee: sprint ceo eyed as likely leader if nextel deal inked haute monde meets mass market. friday saw sprint nyse: fon news people shares open higher and nextel communications nasdaq: nxtl news people slide as the market digested news of a possible merger between the telecommunications firms.
1			politics	election	war	iran	iraq	terrorism			iraqi minister accuses iran of orchestrating insurgency to ... iraqs national election campaign kicked off yesterday with angry accusations that iran was masterminding the continuing insurgency in an effort to undermine democracy and bring about clerical rule.
3			inflation	ceo	company	growth	profit	productivity	corporation	money	earnings	industry			american express 's chenault seen extending profit growth streak american express co. chief executive officer kenneth chenault probably will say earnings rose more than 10 percent for the 11th straight quarter, the best performance of all the companies in the dow jones industrial average.
3			share	investor	shareholder	company	stock	ownership	corporation	merger			aol: is half a billion enough? at its height, the combined aol and time warner nyse: twx company market capitalization exceeded $ 350 billion. when aol used its big, bloated equity to buy time warner, the company offered time warner shareholders
1			politics	relationship	democracy	compromise	ego	economics	power	greed	finance	money			oh brother! the stakes have never been higher for mukesh and anil ambani. sunit arora and dev chatterjee find out why egos threaten to come in the way of economicsand what a compromise will cost.
2			coaching	baseball	mike	basketball	sport	football	coach	detroit	memphis			fratello is grizzlies' coach mike fratello was hired as coach of the memphis grizzlies yesterday, leaving the tv booth and replacing friend and mentor hubie brown, who retired last week for health reasons.
3			trading	investing	economics	company	option	stock	market	oil	money	industry			stocks end near flat ahead of jobs data u.s. stocks ended little changed on thursday, as investors were cautious about making large bets before friday's jobs report and energy stocks limited advances as oil continued its slide.
2			mlb	boxing	baseball	yankee	espn	sport	boston			yankees and red sox ready to rumble the anticipation has been building for a year, and finally tonight the rematch will begin, as the boston red sox battle the new york yankees in game 1 of the american league championship series.
4			authentication	computer	privacy	technology	encryption	password	networking	email	security			verisign hopes to make passwords obsolete internet services and security company verisign is unveiling a new token it hopes will replace passwords for gaining access to corporate computers.
4			flash	graphic	data	storage	technology	performance	memory	cf			sandisk flashes new memory cards sandisk this week announced a series of cf compactflash cards that double the read and write speeds of its fastest flash cards available today, as well as an 8gb version of its ultra ii cf type 1 flash memory card.
2			mlb	boxing	baseball	retirement	basketball	sport	football	gambling	money			introduction of new owner expected mark l. attanasio is 46 years old. he was born in the bronx, ny, lives in los angeles and made a fortune in investment banking. and he is about to buy a baseball team.
4			computer	manufacturing	chip	technology	performance	semiconductor	silicon	security	industry			philips and cirrus cut forecasts as chip gloom deepens clouds continued to gather over the chip sector last week after philips confirmed a bleaker outlook for sales, and analog and dsp chip vendor cirrus logic inc sharply downgraded its forecast for the current quarter because customers want to reduce
1			election	politics	rating	statistics	voting	polling	finance	money			top giving pacs favor gop candidates 10 1 the top giving corporate political action committees didn't hedge their bets in the fall elections despite the narrow division between the gop and democrats in congress. they favored republican candidates 10 to 1.
4			network	connectivity	ethernet	mobility	wireless	broadband	technology	networking			wi fi undergoing fundamental shift wireless local area network lan or wi fi technology is undergoing a fundamental shift as embedded mini pci card adaptors take over from pc card adaptors as the dominant access devices, new research has claimed.
4			windows	application	xp	hardware	software	technology	microsoft	security	linux			ms details windows xp media center 2005 striving to reignite interest in windows xp, microsoft plans to unveil the latest version of its windows xp media center edition operating system today.
4			success	progress	software	technology	economics	development	growth	finance	competition	money			progress software avoids crash and burn progress software produces results in a tough market, but investors really don't care.
2			baseball	basketball	suspension	sport	football	money			how can owners of suspended players regroup after brawl fallout? the melee in motown between the pacers and pistons didn 't only shake up the nba, it laid waste to many a fantasy team 's chances this season.
3			investor	company	stock	growth	finance	loss	corporation	bloomberg	money	security			merrill cuts citigroup, shares drop citigroup inc. cn: quote, profile, research shares fell as much as 2.75 percent on monday after a prominent wall street analyst downgraded the world 's largest financial
3			product	investor	ceo	shareholder	company	stock	patent	corporation	industry			after the bell: shares of synopsys tumble shares of synopsys inc. tumbled on wednesday after the semiconductor design software maker reported lower third quarter net income and said fourth quarter earnings and revenues would be below wall street estimates.
2			politics	doping	olympic	olympics	sport	athlete	canada	security			canadian arrested for interrupting the games after diving into pool olympic organizers increased security inside all sports venues tuesday after a canadian spectator climbed out of the stands and jumped off one of the boards into the pool.
3			success	business	sale	growth	finance	profit	money	efficiency			steelcase posts profit, sees problems steelcase inc. scs.n: quote, profile, research , the world 's largest office furniture maker, on thursday swung back to a quarterly profit from the previous quarter, but warned that rising
2			boxing	baseball	mourning	basketball	sport	football	grief			mourning looks good in return four seconds after he checked into his first basketball game in nearly a year, alonzo mourning drilled a jumper from the foul line, then pointed to the ceiling.
1			sen	election	politics	democrat	gov	republican			corzine indicates he will not seek governorship of new jersey senator jon s. corzine said that gov. james e. mcgreevey had told him he was determined to hold office until nov. 15, removing the possibility of a special election.
1			politics	diplomacy	democracy	progress	economics	strategy	africa	money	globalization	security			imf must learn the golden rule gordon brown is a man in a hurry. there is, he says, not a moment to be lost if the global community is to have a chance of hitting its millennium development goals by 2015.
4			revenue	manufacturing	software	technology	performance	finance	cost	money	industry			bmc posts profit on technology spending, expense cuts houston houston based bmc software today swung to a second quarter profit amid resurgent technology spending and cost cutting. in the quarter ended september 30th, bmc earned 12 point seven m million dollars
4			computer	linux	intel	microsoft	technology	apple	silicon	industry			intel finally cancels digital tv screen project in another development in what is becoming a depressing year for intel, the company has announced that it has finally abandoned plans to get into the digital tv screen business.
4			linux	hardware	software	technology	standard	kernel	industry			linux standard base takes on industry fragmentation analysts say a new standard version of linux should go a long way to raise the platform's chances in the enterprise by improving open source software's interoperability.
4			computer	technology	power	performance	speed	hp	intel	computing	linux			intel boosts centrino 's speed intel gave its centrino laptop package a speed boost this week with the release of a new, faster pentium m processor. the centrino package includes a pentium m processor, a pc chip set, and a wlan wireless lan chip set.
2			baseball	basketball	sport	football	money			nets take wild ride to win alonzo mourning never said he doesn 't want to play basketball. he just doesn 't want to play it for the nets. but mourning said he would continue to play hard every time he 's on the floor, no matter what team he 's on.
4			computer	game	graphic	linux	gaming	hardware	technology	car	windows			five new gpus from ati gamers should welcome the latest news from atifive new graphic processors from one of leading gpu manufacturers. the new entrants in the war for gamers hearts and systems are the ati radeon
4			electronics	computer	privacy	technology	patent	security			qualcomm to pay $ 170 million to acquire iridigm qualcomm said yesterday that it would pay $ 170 million to acquire iridigm display corp., a small company that has patented technology used in screens on wireless devices.
4			network	ethernet	telecom	technology	cisco	telecommunication	networking	ibm	switch			gilat and cisco collaborating on satellite interface routers gilat satellite networks tase, nasdaq: giltf has entered into an oem original equipment manufacturer agreement with giant telecoms equipment manufacturer cisco systems.
1			politics	election	protest	violence	argentina	democracy	chile	religion	conflict	terrorism			clashes as chile remembers coup a ceremony to honour those who died in chile's military coup ends in violence between protesters and police.
1			politics	election	democrat	voting	race	voter	religion	republican	racism			kerry says republicans suppressing voting republicans have been trying to suppress voting in states where the presidential race is too close to call, democratic nominee john kerry said sunday at one of the city's largest predominantly black churches.
4			mobile	technology	broadband	internet	telecom	communication	telecommunication			telecom shows sparkles of life after four years of painful decline, the area's telecommunications business is starting to come back. most new entries are getting by without the dollars that used to flow from venture capital funds or from going public.
4			industry	dell	computer	c	manufacturing	biotechnology	technology	ibm	linux			dell to build factory in n.c., hire 1,500 workers no. 1 pc maker dell announced plans tuesday to build a new computer factory in north carolina and hire 1,500 workers within five years. the site for the approximately 115 million, 500,000 square foot factory has not yet been chosen, but it will likely be near winston salem.
3			politics	business	marketing	greed	finance	strategy	money			the fool's look ahead the motley fool's rick munarriz takes a look at the business week that approaches.
4			electronics	computer	network	mobility	privacy	wireless	technology	internet	networking			802.16: medium distance wireless networking that could change the world? the sort of new ieee 802.16 metropolitan area network standard man promises to break the cable modem dsl monopoly on the last mile of internet connectivity to peoples' homes. with ranges up to 30 miles and speeds up to 70 mbps it seems like a pancea. while i suspect the actual usable speeds and distances will be considerably less, my real question is where is it? this standard has been in the works for years.
4			ibm	network	privacy	technology	telecommunication	networking	patent	security			nstor sells off telecoms management unit the data storage company is selling its stonehouse technologies unit for $ 6.5 million.
1			election	politics	nevada	voting	fraud	security			new backup voting system may pose problems call it the law of unintended consequences. a new national backup system meant to ensure that millions of eligible voters are not mistakenly turned away from the polls this year, as happened in 2000, could wind up causing election day problems as infamous as florida's hanging chads.
3			politics	coal	history	business	technology	metal	finance	steel	money	industry			finding the future in an old industry the $ 17.8 billion, three way deal that lakshmi n. mittal, a financier based in london, announced this week would put him at the head of the largest steel company in the world.
4			electronics	computer	technology	marketing	innovation	consumer	competition	sony			sony 's cheap trick it 's no secret that rivalry in consumer electronics is heating up, and today the associated press reported that japan 's sony nyse: sne is more aggressively pursuing
4			computer	intelligence	intel	technology	ai	silicon	security	linux			itanium not meeting intel's goals in a rare admission, an intel executive says the itanium chip family still isn't living up to expectations.
4			computer	technology	japan	machine	robot	ibm	speed	computing	linux			supercomputer breaks speed record the us is poised to push japan off the top of the supercomputing charts with an ibm prototype machine.
4			computer	chip	hardware	intel	technology	performance	networking	memory	silicon	linux			multicore chips may push intel off its bus chip giant will need to introduce integrated memory controllers or redesign its frontside bus, analysts say.
1			politics	election	management	transparency	corruption	scandal	power	security	leadership			un staff in uproar over top leadership the un staff union met yesterday to discuss a no confidence measure against senior management of the world body, which has been rocked by a series of scandals involving top officials.
3			tobacco	business	sale	marketing	smoking	profit	growth	risk	competition			bat lifted by higher volumes and profits british american tobacco posted a 20 rise in profits today and said a business transforming deal in the united states had shown early promise.
4			mobile	mobility	technology	smartphone	phone			cingular handset talks to users software application is intended to help the visually impaired make full use of their cell phones.
4			computer	technology	education	woman	security	industry			mom farms out all it related functions the ministry of manpower has taken the unprecedented step of outsourcing its entire it applications, hardware, software and services.
4			electronics	computer	privacy	technology	wireless	broadband	innovation	networking			stepping out of shadows of wifi a short range wireless technology is finally coming of age.
4			mobile	radio	television	device	wireless	nokia	technology	telecommunication	tv	phone			phone makers team on mobile tv plans several major phone manufacturers have teamed up with the open mobile alliance to develop a standard for mobile broadcast. motorola, nec, nokia, siemens and sony
2			baseball	television	nbc	patriot	sport	boston	football			they have bond you may have seen patriots owner robert kraft sitting with red sox owner john henry at fenway park last season, and the two sat together at a playoff game in new york. they were together again nov. 14 when the patriots honored the red sox with a ceremony at gillette stadium.
4			news	computer	privacy	technology	marketing	piracy	money			macrovision takes a hit investors in digital copy protector macrovision nasdaq: mvsn are smarting this morning, after a 2 pre earnings announcement run up in their stock 's price turned into a 6 rout in the announcement 's aftermath.
4			network	broadband	technology	company	telecom	communication	telecommunication	networking	competition	industry			nortel reports preliminary results nortel networks corp. delivered long awaited preliminary results for the first half of 2004 on thursday that showed estimated first and second quarter earnings between nil and 1 cent per share, and north america's biggest telecom equipment supplier said it would cut about 3,500 jobs.
3			company	something			bisys says responding to regulatory investigation bisys group inc. bsg.n: quote, profile, research , which provides administrative support to financial firms, on monday said a subsidiary was in the process of responding to an
4			statistics	technology	economics	cost	money	industry			vendor hit with costs for recertifying electronic voting machines ... new york diebold inc., the leading maker of automated teller machines, today reduced its third quarter and full year earnings forecasts as it absorbs costs for recertifying its electronic voting machines in california and
2			overtime	baseball	homecoming	espn	basketball	sport	recruiting	football	attendance	scheduling			notre dame will not retain willingham south bend, ind. sports network the university of notre dame announced tuesday that tyrone willingham will not be retained as the head football coach for 2005. the school has scheduled a news conference for 4 p.m. est.
2			coaching	baseball	injury	cleveland	chicago	espn	sport	nfl	football			despite injuries, mcnair and favre to start monday green bay, wi sports network tennessee titans quarterback steve mcnair and green bay packers signal caller brett favre are expected to start monday night 's game at lambeau field.
4			computer	technology	broadband	internet	networking	education			generation raised with internet grows up young people are now the savviest of the tech savvy, as likely to demand a speedy broadband connection as to download music onto an ipod, or upload digital photos to their web logs.
2			america	shooting	china	athletics	sport	football	athlete	competition	woman			event of the day men 's and women 's shot put why you should watch: given the longstanding american hegemony in the shot put, it 's plausible that the three man us delegation could sweep the competition. but the most compelling reason to watch is the unparalleled setting.
3			business	mr	marketing	fun	money			viv uni unfazed by $ 2.2 bil loss the mood at vivendi universal 's headquarters was distinctly upbeat during a tuesday morning news conference here to announce the company 's first half results despite the fact that
4			computer	computing	privacy	technology	networking	silicon	email	security	linux			sun shows pleb ready thin client at long last, sun microsystems has delivered a new set of thin client technology that could well push the slim computing devices into the hands of the average consumer.
2			baseball	hockey	schedule	basketball	athletics	sport	football	tennis			today's schedule college field hockey: sweet briar at nichols, 10 a.m.; salve regina at regis, 11 a.m.; umass dartmouth at bridgewater st., 11 a.m.; assumption at aic, 11 a.m.; middlebury at colby, 11 a.m.; conn. college at wesleyan, 11 a.m.; amherst at bowdoin, 11:30 a.m.; uri at yale, noon; penn at dartmouth, noon; salem st. at fitchburg st., noon; trinity at williams, noon; ...
3			electronics	business	technology	marketing	advertising	innovation	competition	money	industry			nextel's walkie talkie grows up the wireless phone provider's focus on business spills over into the consumer market.
2			coaching	baseball	magic	jazz	basketball	sport	player	power	talent			raptors big men key in ending jazz win streak the utah jazz knew they were going to lose sometime, they just didn 't think it would be to guys named chris bosh and loren woods.
1			politics	environment	controversy	australia	issue	debate	greens	policy			greens leader astounded at content of debate australian greens leader bob brown says he is astounded issues like the environment and rural and regional australia did not rate a mention in last night 's debate between the prime minister and the opposition leader.
1			politics	history	democracy	mr	terrorism	reality			in mr. bush's neighborhood, a peculiar intersection the relationship between president bush and wall street has always been layered with paradox and outright contradiction.
4			network	wireless	technology	broadband	telecommunication	competition	consolidation	merger			verizon to enter wireless consolidation fray? verizon communications inc. may be getting into the wireless consolidation game with published reports indicating that the telecommunications provider, which controls 55 percent of no.
4			security	computer	intelligence	technology	communication	robot	fashion	woman			s. asia struts on un catwalk blue turbans. dark suits. cropped beards. each is designed to send important signals.
1			election	politics	democrat	congress	democracy	priority	money			bills for domestic programs, disaster relief get support faced with pressures to deal with a spate of unanticipated natural disasters as well as with the election year needs of dozens of key constituencies, congress moved this week
3			business	saving	trend	growth	bank	innovation	change	money			the inspiration for change is rooted in retail they greet customers with starbucks coffee, obsess over the exact placement of their teller counters, and monitor customers' reactions to their every move. as banks become more customer focused, they are increasingly looking to retailers for ideas of how to build a better bank branch. after years of ignoring branches during the dot com boom, banks now are giving them more ...
2			coaching	baseball	statistics	espn	basketball	sport	knicks	washington	nba	stats			nba capsules jason kidd made his season debut and assisted on richard jefferson 's game winning jumper from the lane with 7.1 seconds left as the new jersey nets defeated the toronto raptors 88 86 monday night.
1			politics	election	democracy	voting	polling	poll	corruption	terrorism			provisional vote fight nears high court the supreme court, which settled the last presidential election, may be drawn into this one even before election day.
2			coaching	rugby	volleyball	sport	music	football	pop			south carolina's 'pops' cleared to play pops has gotten the green light from the ncaa to play football at south carolina.
3			business	ceo	technology	forbes	company	tax	finance	wealth	billionaire	money			gates tops forbes list of richest in u.s. again p p p new york reuters the nasdaq may be well off its highs of the dot com era, but tech tycoons still top the list of the wealthiest americans. p
1			election	indonesia	inflation	politics	result	democracy	china	candidate	afghanistan			bambang declared clear winner former general susilo bambang yudhoyono yesterday said he would form the next government and formulate a 100 day programme after being declared the runaway winner of last month 's presidential election in indonesia.
4			radio	cable	business	network	privacy	technology	communication	telecommunication	carrier			charter sets phone service deal striving to keep pace with crossover minded rivals, cable operator charter communications chtr:nasdaq news research hammered out phone service arrangements with two big carriers and a consultant.
2			baseball	statistics	hockey	nhl	trade	sport	football	player	skating			nhl locks players out; outlook dim national hockey league commissioner gary bettman, painting a bleak picture of the league's economic state, yesterday locked out players from training camps, which were to open this week, and cast doubt on the prospects for a 2004 05 season because of severe differences with the league's players' association.
4			computer	engineering	manufacturing	technology	performance	patent	research	competition	silicon	industry			applied shares flat on lower outlook applied materials beat wall street 's third quarter financial estimates late tuesday, but shares of the chip equipment company stalled after the company 's earnings targets for the fourth quarter came in lower than expected.
4			battery	security	device	privacy	technology	nokia	flaw	phone			siemens says cellphone flaw may hurt users and its profit siemens, the world's fourth largest maker of mobile phones, said that a flaw that can create a piercing ring in its newest phone models might hurt earnings.
3			business	transparency	technology	regulation	company	innovation	competition	industry			eu in push to reduce red tape the european union has launched a new drive to reduce its regulatory burden on companies, in a bid to tackle one of the most frequent complaints made by business.
4			computer	storage	technology	lightning	cloud	networking	thunder	computing	linux			hitachi strikes new direction with lightning 8 sep 2004, 18:44 gmt hitachi this week laid a unique bet on storage virtualization with the launch of the latest version of its flagship lightning disk array.
3			industry	manufacturing	production	trend	sale	car	performance	growth	reliability			analysts mull production cuts, disappointing sales shares of leading automakers closed on a positive note thursday, one day after general motors and ford motor posted soggy sales results for august and announced plans to scale back production.
1			politics	controversy	history	football	scandal	rumor	debate	money			bcs rankings still rankling it didn 't take long. first poll, first controversy. or at least mini controversy. if you had taken the wisdom of the two human polls, the first bowl championship
4			processor	intel	storage	technology	performance	hp	silicon	speed	linux			intel: volume shipments of montecito expected in 2006 montecito, the first dual core processor based on intel corp.'s itanium 2 architecture, will not begin shipping in volume until 2006, company executives revealed during a conference call with the press monday.
2			coaching	overtime	baseball	basketball	sport	rebound	football	player	nba			nba suspends artest for rest of season ron artest was suspended for the rest of the season sunday and two of his indiana pacers teammates must miss a total of 55 games for fighting with fans in a melee that broke out at the end of a game against the detroit pistons.
1			politics	america	election	history	democracy	economics	money			it 's still the economy, stupid according to the polls, the presidential election is now a toss up. however, there is one historical iron law that hangs heavy over president george w. bush 's re election.
4			computer	statistics	business	technology	performance	ibm	money	security	industry			ibm shares up despite services doubts shares of ibm gained 4 percent on tuesday after the world's largest computer company posted third quarter results that marked a recovery from a weak second quarter performance, wall street commentators said.
4			mobile	mobility	technology	smartphone	ios	phone			mobiles get magnifier software magnification software to help visually impaired people use mobiles has been developed by a spanish firm.
3			politics	america	job	business	manufacturing	technology	energy	innovation	money	industry			workplace now terrain of politics pella, iowa ; in this week's frenzied competition to boost voter turnout, the quiet effort of companies like vermeer manufacturing could prove crucial for the bush campaign.
4			computer	blade	manufacturing	technology	performance	manufacturer	ibm	server			ibm unveils low cost blades ibm announced on friday a lower cost blade server option a pared down chassis geared for small and medium sized businesses. the new express version of ibm 's bladecenter chassis still can accommodate as many
1			politics	election	putin	democracy	crisis	corruption	reform	terrorism	change	resignation			annan under fire as un considers reform the united nations last week unveiled a wide ranging blueprint to reform the organisation, but found media attention more focused on calls for un secretary general kofi annan to resign.
3			revenue	india	china	business	software	technology	company	rs	industry			indian software exports booming, industry head says revenues should grow by 30, according to the president of the country's association of software and service firms
2			news	britain	history	television	rugby	sport	music	football	motorsport			ceefax marks 30 years of service the bbc's teletext service, ceefax, celebrates 30 years as tributes pour in from the worlds of news and sport.
2			basketball	game	speed			minnesota 's newest star is a rookie with game it was a smooth deflection as fluid as the floating, twisting, game turning layup nicole ohlde had been asked about a few seconds earlier.
3			share	china	investing	shareholder	company	finance	money	merger			vodafone to hand back $ 16b vodafone group plans to hand 6 billion $ 16 billion back to shareholders this year after doubling half year and full year dividends and boosting a multibillion pound share buyback programme.
4			computer	hacking	business	privacy	technology	marketing	money	email	security			dialing for tech dollars selling a 1 million server software requires more finesse than selling a crock pot, right? maybe not. some of the biggest names in technology, like cisco systems, microsoft, bea systems and peoplesoft, now use a tactic traditionally reserved for unwitting consumers after 6 p.m.: the cold call.
4			computer	statistics	investing	technology	intel	security	industry			before the bell: intel shares fall shares of intel corp. fell more than 7 percent before the opening bell on friday, a day after the technology bellwether slashed its quarterly sales outlook, and other technology stocks moved lower in tandem.
4			portal	business	gate	technology	migration	gateway	silicon	security			gateway surprises, posts operating profit shares of gateway rose more than 11 percent in after market trading yesterday after the computer company said it posted its first operating profit in three years.
4			computer	hacking	technology	accountability	interface	ethics	design			wanted by the police: a good interface how the flawed interface design of a police dispatch system became a municipal issue in san jose.
4			computer	chip	hardware	technology	apple	pcs	intel	computing			report: apple g5 chips scarce firm may be facing greater difficulties than previously thought in getting hold of chips to power its high end pcs.
4			business	india	china	software	privacy	technology	innovation	money	industry			pay heed to domestic market, it firms told indian software companies, which have been busy conquering the world and neglecting their backyard, should not continue doing so. this is because the domestic market is going to grow into a huge opportunity
4			trading	computer	chip	technology	finance	ti	pricing	money	security			ti increases dividend, buyback with its stock down 26 percent this year, texas instruments boosted its quarterly dividend payment to 2.5 cents a share and set a $ 1 billion stock repurchase plan, the chipmaker announced late thursday.
2			doping	olympics	athletics	sport	greece	athlete	drug	cycling			greek sprinters given two day reprieve greek sprinters costas kenteris and katerina thanou won a two day reprieve at the athens olympics monday so they could appear in person at a disciplinary hearing into their missed drugs tests and protest their innocence.
2			overtime	baseball	espn	sport	nfl	football	attendance	competition			organizers call off blue gray classic the blue gray all star classic has been called off for the second time in three years because officials couldn't find a corporate sponsor for the christmas day showcase for aspiring nfl players.
3			nike	revenue	sale	marketing	company	performance	advertising	pricing			nike profits run ahead nike has reported that first quarter revenues increased 18 to $ 3.6bn 3bn , against $ 3bn 2.5bn for the same period last year.
2			coaching	baseball	injury	statistics	retirement	sport	recruiting	football	stats			rossley fine with his reduced role packers offensive coordinator tom rossley says he's fine with his reduced role after being been stripped of his play calling duties for health reasons.
3			computer	business	ceo	technology	company	bankruptcy	money	security			tom siebel plans to sell a portion of his company shares siebel systems inc. founder tom siebel plans to sell up to 18 percent of his company stock over the next two years, the company said tuesday.
4			electronics	network	ethernet	technology	nokia	wireless	networking	intel	linux			intel eyes wimax wireless chip maker will being testing the emerging, high speed wireless technology.
1			politics	recycling	challenge	competition	money			redenvelope fends off dissident challenge redenvelope, the san francisco online gift retailer, on friday fended off a challenge by dissident shareholders unhappy with the its performance but has still left some questions unanswered.
4			diversity	california	privacy	technology	internet	phone			california is first to enact cell phone number privacy law californians will have the right to decide for themselves whether their cell phone number is listed in a planned wireless 411 directory under a new bill signed into law last friday sept.
1			election	indonesia	politics	democracy	candidate	religion	jakarta	afghanistan	terrorism			ex general heads for win over megawati in indonesia an urbane former general who promises to fight terror and clean up government headed for an overwhelming victory against incumbent megawati sukarnoputri in indonesia's first direct presidential election monday. susilo bambang yudhoyono, megawati's one time chief security minister, had won 59 percent of 10 million votes counted as of noon gmt, the election commission said. megawati had 41 percent.
4			computer	technology	company	internet	trust	advertising	google	money			google roadshows left small investors out the initial public offering of internet search engine google inc. was billed as a bonanza for millions of u.s. investors but the little guy, with check in hand, was left out of the party.
3			business	recovery	reorganization	restructuring	finance	bankruptcy	consolidation	money	merger			rcn outlines bankruptcy rcn inc., co owner of starpower communications llc, the washington area television, telephone and internet provider, filed a plan of reorganization yesterday that it said puts the company on track to emerge from bankruptcy by the end of the year.
1			election	politics	democrat	gov	pr	republican	labor			senior house repulican in re election war having served 17 terms, illinois rep. phil crane is the most senior republican in the house. his quest for an 18th is proving difficult and has party strategists scrambling to fend off a challenge from democrat melissa bean.
1			politics	election	organization	democracy	transparency	activist	lobbying	leadership			score one against activism? the removal of the president of california 's largest public pension fund has raised questions about whether pension funds, endowments and other big activist investors can keep wielding clout in corporate governance campaigns.
4			controversy	biotechnology	technology	pricing	patent	drug	research	cancer			pfizer: may make own generic of neurontin drugmaker pfizer inc pfe.n: quote, profile, research said on friday said it may consider launching its own generic version of epilepsy drug neurontin after a patent hearing ended on thursday with no ruling.
4			ibm	computer	technology	apple	patent	silicon	intel	computing	linux			ibm dominates top supercomputer list silicon graphics comes in second for fast computer bragging rights.
4			mobile	device	mobility	technology	nokia	smartphone	ios	phone			palmone enhances treo smartphone but challenges remain on 25 october 2004, palmone introduced its next generation smartphone, the treo 650, which combines a compact mobile phone with e mail, an organizer, messaging and web access.
3			boeing	business	revenue	aviation	ft	transportation	competition	logistics	industry			fedex quarterly earnings more than double fedex corp., the world's top air express shipper, on wednesday said quarterly earnings more than doubled on strong revenue growth in its international, ground and freight services.
4			application	linux	software	automation	system	networking	ibm	security	windows			ibm upgrades websphere middleware product ibm has issued an upgrade of its websphere middleware product, adding autonomic troubleshooting capabilities that autmatically detects system problems and recovers web based business transactions that would take days to fix manually.
4			electronics	computer	network	privacy	technology	wireless	internet	networking	security			tech edges ahead at japan show at ceatec, sony unveils a home server packed with a terabyte of storage. also: networking via ordinary light fixtures?
4			mobile	network	privacy	technology	wireless	communication	telecommunication	networking			circuit city partners with verizon consumer electronics retailer circuit city stores inc. on monday said each of more than 570 superstores in the united states will feature a verizon wireless store, following an exclusive agreement with the communications provider.
3			share	capital	shareholder	company	stock	market	growth	corporation	money	security			us stocks gain; shares of citigroup, bank of america advance us stocks gained on optimism that third quarter earnings this week from companies including citigroup inc. and bank of america corp.
1			politics	history	treason	war	democracy	germany	terrorism	propaganda			patriotism row exposes crack in schroeder coalition a hasty u turn on plans to scrap germany's unification day holiday just before the 15th anniversary of the fall of the berlin wall has exposed cracks in the government and sparked an ugly row about patriotism.
4			india	collaboration	technology	mit	innovation	ai	industry			indian outsource firm joins mit study project at a sponsors' meeting of mit sloan school's center for information systems research this week, there was a new project on the research agenda: outsourcing.
4			mobile	battery	recycling	device	privacy	technology	nokia	phone			sow your phone, reap a flower researchers at the warwick manufacturing group at the university of warwick, uk, along with pvaxx research development, have devised a way to recycle discarded mobile telephones.
4			dell	computer	hardware	software	technology	hp	networking	security	linux			dell gets down to ce business zdnet 's survey of it professionals in october kept upgrading hardware at number two on the businesses radar throughout the year.
4			pc	game	computer	graphic	gaming	technology	gamer	pcs			ati launches five new gaming cards the competition in the pc graphic cards market just got hotter. ati has good news for the computer gamers. they have released five new cards aimed at advanced gamers.
4			computer	network	ethernet	privacy	technology	internet	information	networking	email			internet turns 35, still work in progress thirty five years after computer scientists at ucla linked two bulky computers using a 15 foot gray cable, testing a new way for exchanging data over networks, what would ultimately become the internet remains a work in progress.
3			revenue	sale	marketing	profit	finance	strategy	competition	money			game on for take two profits may disappoint, but revenue strength is evidence that the game company is a relevant player.
2			coaching	baseball	utah	statistics	espn	basketball	sport	football	byu			utah football team gearing up for game at san diego state below are some brief notes on this week 's utah football game at san diego state. for the complete release, please choose the pdf option.
2			movie	basketball	sport	football	bryant	nba			to o neal, bryant 's only that guy washington back when his goal in life was to become the first man to win an nba championship and an oscar, shaquille o neal did some movies.
4			mobility	manufacturing	hardware	intel	technology	performance	reliability	innovation	speed	linux			intel pushes dual core tech to mainstream intel is on track to introduce work sharing dual core processors across all its product lines by the end of next year. the technology is part of a strategy shift at intel away from processor speed and toward performance.
4			windows	computer	linux	hardware	technology	power	system	networking	server			opteron gets power management in an effort to help enterprise users get a handle on power and heat issues associated with new server designs that pack more processing punch in smaller spaces, advanced micro devices on monday announced that systems built with its 32 64 bit opteron
1			election	politics	democracy	kabul	iran	iraq	terrorism	afghanistan	campaigning			afghan rebels plan for elections presidential campaigning in afghanistan is shadowed by a new insurgent group plan for disruptions.
4			rs	product	ibm	flash	technology	patent	research	industry			flash memory market to continue growth, researcher finds the mobile phone market for flash memory is becoming more competitive with the intense fight among nor type flash makers now expanding to include nand type flash producers, market researchers isuppli corp.
4			virus	computer	software	worm	technology	vaccine	infection	linux			hp looking to ward off viruses hp announced today that they are working on software to throttle viruses which could ultimately slow the spread of viruses and worms.
4			streaming	network	technology	broadband	networking	linux			qualcomm pushes multicast cdma the company behind most cdma technology is now planning to go multicast in order to allow faster and more stable streaming content.
3			business	ceo	technology	marketing	strategy	innovation	email			blending e mail, voicemail, faxes part of sbc strategy dallas sbc executives have a vision for the future. it combines voicemail, e mail and incoming fax messages in one system that can be accessed on the web or on the phone.
3			politics	business	ceo	management	time	strategy	money	leadership			telstra to pick ceo, time sale telstra s board, not the federal government, would decide who would replace ziggy switkowski as its new chief executive, prime minister john howard said today.
4			computer	printer	laser	manufacturing	technology	manufacturer	patent	printing			lexmark recalls 39,000 laser printers the recalled printers include the lexmark e232, e232t, e330, e332n and e332tn models; the ibm infoprint 1412 and 1412n; and the dell 1700 and 1700n, according to the consumer product safety commission.
4			windows	sony	computer	hardware	technology	nokia	computing	linux			sony will release the ultra personal computer in the usa at only over 1 pound, sony 's vaio u ultra portable pc is a full microsoft windows xp computer, on a form factor that resembles that of a pda.
4			safety	privacy	technology	encryption	communication	telecommunication	terrorism	security			news: u.s. tackles emergency alert system insecurity the fcc acknowledges that the government mandated network that lets officials interrupt radio and television broadcasts in an emergency is vulnerable to electronic tampering.
3			politics	job	life	business	greed	money	merger			banks didn't merge to create more jobs to all who have been fired or laid off: this is life. get over it ''hundreds laid off at fleet offices, aug. 19 . free markets allow for such things and when this merger happened, not a soul outside of the public relations people for the bank thought that this merger would take place without the loss of many positions. after ...
4			network	connectivity	ethernet	wireless	broadband	internet	technology	networking			embedded wi fi market undergoing major shift one of the hottest technology markets, wireless lan wlan , or wi fi, is undergoing a fundamental shift, according to in stat mdr
2			montreal	baseball	sport	football	washington			in washington, it ll be let 's go nats as expected, the montreal expos are about to get their new name: the washington nationals. a city official and a baseball official, both speaking on condition of anonymity, said friday that
1			politics	america	election	war	iraq	terrorism			iraq shadows bush presidency, campaign war is hell on a presidency. and it plays havoc with presidential campaigns.
4			battery	computer	manufacturing	storage	power	ibm	memory	reliability	computing	linux			ibm recalls notebook power adapters ibm, maker of the popular thinkpad notebook computers, released a statement announcing the recall of 553,000 notebook computer power adapters.
1			politics	election	baghdad	democracy	violence	war	iraq	terrorism			'armies of darkness' won't stop vote, iraq's yawar says iraq's interim president told george w. bush at the white house monday that the armies of darkness would not stop iraqis voting next month, even though there is no let up in insurgents' efforts to wreck the election.
3			product	trend	sale	marketing	retailer	growth	pricing	retail	distribution			mixed bag for neiman marcus upscale retailer reports strong first quarter results followed by weaken than expected november sales.
4			motorola	network	mobility	ethernet	mesh	technology	wireless	networking	patent			motorola to acquire meshnetworks motorola inc. is acquiring meshnetworks inc., a developer of a wi fi based technology in which a person's mobile device doubles as a network relay point that can transmit a signal between other devices.
4			electronics	computer	chip	hardware	technology	apple	memory	intel	linux			intel sets cruise control on pentium 4 paul otellini, the chip maker 's president and chief operating officer served notice at the company 's recent developer conference that the megahertz era was coming to a close, and the decision last week to remove the 4 ghz pentium 4 processor from its road
3			ibm	application	business	manufacturing	ceo	patent	industry			siebel refocuses on customers los angelessiebel systems inc., under the leadership of new ceo mike lawrie, is rededicating itself to ensuring enterprises success at implementing, deploying and managing its market leading but complex crm software applications.
4			windows	cluster	computer	technology	microsoft	networking	intel	security	linux			microsoft skips itanium with new windows microsoft will come out with a special version of windows next year for clusters, but it won 't run on intel 's most powerful server chip, at least for now.
4			computer	business	privacy	microsoft	technology	hp	ibm	pcs	industry			week in review: big blue bids adieu to pcs ibm, the company that helped usher in the age of the personal computer nearly 25 years ago, stunned the tech world with the announcement that it would largely be bowing out of the business.
4			electricity	network	connectivity	technology	broadband	internet	telecommunication	speed			broadband proves popular number of users with high speed connections has tripled in the last three years.
2			boxing	baseball	sport	athlete	swimming	competition	phelps	skating			another medal, two records attention, ladies and gentlemen. for his next act, michael phelps will break an olympic record, hurry to the warm down pool for a swim, run to the locker room, pull on a warm up suit, walk out to the pool deck and take part in ...
4			battery	motorola	mobility	investing	technology	telecommunication	patent	money			nextel buys shares from motorola nextel communications said monday that it has purchased shares of its own stock and nextel partners from motorola.
4			electronics	battery	computer	programming	software	technology	maintenance	car	linux			programs: a checklist for tuning up your pc you change the oil in your car every 5,000 miles or so. you clean your house every week or two. your pc needs regular maintenance as well especially if you re using
4			privacy	technology	company	telecommunication	ft	finance	security	industry			3com to buy tippingpoint for $ 430 mln 3com corp. on monday said it will buy network security firm tippingpoint technologies inc. for about $ 430 million, as 3com expands its telecommunications equipment offerings to compete better in the market for large corporate users.
1			politics	controversy	bush	power	religion	god			bush phones paisley in power sharing bid us president george w bush has telephoned the rev ian paisley in a bid to help revive power sharing in northern ireland. rev paisley, 78, said he had a long and very useful conversation with mr bush as protestant
3			ge	business	ceo	china	technology	growth	energy	bankruptcy	corporation			update 2: ge to sell stake in global outsourcing unit general electric co. will sell a majority stake in its global outsourcing business to two us based equity firms in an all cash deal totaling $ 500 million, the industrial, financial services and media conglomerate said monday.
2			mlb	baseball	television	espn	sport	football	broadcasting	tv			baseball's move to xm set up by espn deal xm satellite radio holdings inc.'s deal, potentially worth 650 million, to acquire the broadcast rights to major league baseball over at least the next eight years, announced yesterday, was made possible by espn radio relinquishing its satellite broadcast rights.
3			technology	oracle	greed	finance	profit	bankruptcy	corporation	money	industry			peoplesoft bounces back to profit peoplesoft, the software maker that is the target of a hostile takeover bid from industry heavyweight oracle, returns to profit in the third quarter.
3			success	business	company	growth	strategy	innovation	competition			citigroup's diversification is an asset unlike more focused companies, citigroup finds success by diversifying its business.
2			baseball	team	football			foolproof performance over the last three years, the new england patriots have defined the word team. yesterday they redefined it and along the way embarrassed an ill prepared team that couldn't execute, the st. louis rams, 40 22, at the edward jones dome.
4			mobile	mobility	telecom	nokia	technology	telecommunication	phone			vodafone finally launches 3g mobile london based vodafone has finally rolled out its mass market third generation or 3g mobile telephone services after a four year wait, billions of pounds spent on licences and numerous delays.
3			company	ceo	detail	business			peoplesoft ousts ceo in oracle battle in oct 1 story headlined peoplesoft ousts ceo amid oracle battle, please read in paragraph 16 ... originally offering 16 a share ... instead of ... originally offering 19.50 a share ...
4			electronics	computer	technology	semiconductor	apple	patent	silicon	imaging	industry			national semiconductor to sell unit national semiconductor corp. said monday it agreed to sell its imaging business, which makes chips used in small cameras and cell phones, to camera giant eastman kodak co.
3			business	investing	marketing	growth	strategy	profit	money			jjb has 448 stores across the country and is the uk 's biggest ... the group, which issued a profits warning in july and floated on the stock market a decade ago, revealed the approach in a statement last friday.
4			technology	company	google	money	number			google prices its shares at $ 85 washington google closed the unusual auction for its shares yesterday and prepared for its stock to begin trading at $ 85 per share, after weaker than expected demand from investors forced it to drastically slash the price and size of ...
4			mobile	radio	network	broadband	technology	wireless	communication	telecommunication	spectrum	carrier			cingular, at wireless close $ 41 billion merger after clearing department of justice and fcc hurdles, cingular wireless and at wireless have completed their $ 41 billion merger, creating the nation 's biggest wireless carrier in terms of subscribers.
4			network	technology	ip	communication	telecommunication	patent			cingular, at settle branding deal cingular wireless llc said monday that at corp. and at wireless have extended their licensing agreement in preparation for cingular 's acquisition of the telecom giant 's former unit.
3			privatization	acquisition	business	reorganization	company	restructuring	finance	bankruptcy	consolidation	merger			rcn outlines reorganization plan rcn inc., co owner of starpower communications llc, the washington area television, telephone and internet provider, filed a plan of reorganization monday that it said puts the company on track to emerge from bankruptcy by the end of the year.
4			computer	chip	intel	technology	apple	hp	silicon	linux			hp spurns intel add a chapter to the sad tale of intel 's nasdaq: intc sorry 2004. today, longtime partner hp nyse: hpq admitted it would be dropping the beleaguered, 64 bit itanium chip from its workstation lineup.
