2			career			tony hawk gave up violin for skateboarding skateboarding icon tony hawk reportedly gave up a budding career as a violinist to pursue his freewheeling boarding passion. hawk, a professional skateboarder who has become a household name thanks to successful
4			microsoft	enterprise	system	ibm	server			enterprise im: dangerous by default organizations frequently pick a corporate grade im system ibm lotus instant messaging and web conferencing, jabber messenger, or microsoft lcs live communications server , for example thinking that internal only im is immune from threats.
2			game	top			olympics notebook: kenteris, thanou withdraw after ducking drug tests a dark cloud over the games lifted yesterday as greece 's top two sprinters pulled out rather than face expulsion over a missed drug test.
4			system	microsoft			microsoft offers xp counterfeit amnesty in hopes of chasing down ... microsoft has announced a one month amnesty of sorts for possessors of possible counterfeit copies of the windows xp operating system.
2			game	country	win			gamers spar for national honor at the world cyber games 2004, the competition is about more than just who wins at counter strike or warcraft iii. gamers are competing to bring glory to their home countries. daniel terdiman reports from san francisco.
4			system	technology			cisco to acquire perfigo cisco systems has announced its intention to buy privately held perfigo, but while waiting for the acquisition to close, cisco has licensed perfigo 's technology in an oem deal.
4			system	profit	networking			update 1 brocade posts higher quarterly profit brocade communications systems inc. brcd.o: quote, profile, research , a maker of data networking equipment, said on monday its quarterly profit rose, helped by new products
2			tom	football	team	country	victory	saint	game			victory not enough as saints eliminated tom benson crowded around a tiny television, the fate of his football team resting on the outcome of a game being played halfway across the country.
4			merck	stock	technology	system			merck boosts blue chips, cisco fells tech us blue chip stocks rose on wednesday, helped by drugmaker merck co. inc. mrk , but technology stocks fell as results from technology bellwether cisco systems inc.
3			investment			update 2: commerzbank to cut 900 banking employees commerzbank ag said tuesday it had narrowed its third quarter net loss but was slashing 900 of the 1,275 jobs in its investment banking division, practically eliminating the unprofitable department.
4			application			nokia demos ipv6 mobile looking to the future of the internet, voice over ip, streaming video, and other applications, nokia has developed a prototype handset that supports mobile internet
2			play			barred from the apple store to nurture a community vibe at its retail stores, apple computer encourages customers to hang out and play around with the equipment.
4			minute	crowd	vendor	technology			demomobile 2004: mobility made easier here at the demomobile 2004 conference, about 40 vendors had six minutes each to demonstrate their wireless technology invention to the crowd. some products, although amazing in description, don't translate very well on the live screen and in such a tight time constraint. some demonstrations, however, entirely captivate the audience and leave in their wake an audible buzz of excited voices.
2			parliament	british	sport			british hunters seek to end fox hunt ban defeated in parliament, supporters of fox hunting went to court friday to try to overturn a legislative ban on their more than 300 year old sport and vowed a campaign of civil disobedience
1			leader	president	opposition			ukraine opposition marches on president's office tens of thousands of ukrainian opposition supporters marched on the president's office on tuesday seeking to install their leader in office, defying poll results they said had been rigged by a pro moscow government.
4			patent	korea	file	technology			south korea 's lg to file suit to nullify matsushita pdp patents in ... seoul : south korea 's lg electronics will take action in a japanese court to nullify patents on display panel technology held by matsushita electric industrial co.
3			good			phil knight to resign as ceo of nike worldwide athletic goods giant nike, inc. announced thursday that university alumnus and current chairman and chief executive officer philip h. knight will step down as ceo, effective dec. 28.
3			buying	stock			cytec pays $ 1.85bn for ucb unit cytec industries inc. is buying the chemicals division of belgian drugs company ucb in a 1.5 billion euro $ 1.85 billion cash and stock deal, the us specialty chemical firm said on friday.
3			dream	investment	profit	earnings			navistar's paper profit puffery the company's upcoming earnings increases aren't exactly the stuff of investment dreams.
1			party	president	election			mugabe expected to purge more officials before election zimbabwe's president robert mugabe is expected to purge more officials from his ruling zanu pf movement on saturday as the party gears itself for parliamentary elections next march amid wrangles over the succession question.
4			microsystems	microsoft	amd	management	vendor	technology			vendor group publishes new web services management spec a group of technology vendors that includes amd, dell, intel, microsoft and sun microsystems, last week published a new web services specification designed to simplify network administration across a range of devices.
2			nfl	league	game	football			ea in exclusive nfl games deal computer games giant electronic arts signs exclusive agreements with the us national football league.
2			football	team	fighting	dame	coach			winning paramount to new notre dame coach charlie weis promises to give notre dame an arrogant attitude and turn the fighting irish into an intelligent, hard working, nasty football team.
4			app	software	server	application	source			hp to offer first call support for jboss app server in a deal aimed at helping corporate it decision makers feel more comfortable about open source software offerings, hewlett packard co. plans to offer first call support for jboss inc.'s open source application server application.
2			dame	coach	football	sport			notre dame 's new football coach makes debut today. a new era in notre dame football began at 8:42 pm sunday as charlie weis whisked through the halls of the joyce center. weis exited the dark blue chevy sport utility vehicle
3			holding			asml, carl zeiss pay nikon $ 145m nikon corp. will soon see a $ 145 million influx, thanks to a memorandum of understanding with asml holding nv and carl zeiss smt ag.
4			system	flaw	vulnerability			ie flaw affects windows xp sp2 systems the highly criticial vulnerability affects internet explorer 5.01, 5.5, and 6 on fully patched pcs running either windows xp sp1 or the newer sp2.
4			generation	ibm	software	developer	application	source			contact centers await next generation speech ibm's nyse: ibm donation of some us 10 million worth of software to the open source community to help developers build speech applications was, of course, not completely altruistic.
2			injury	game			raiders' wheatley out with hamstring injury oakland raiders running back tyrone wheatley is expected to miss this week's game against kansas city with an injured left hamstring.
2			championship	race	win			freire takes third world crown spain 's oscar freire celebrates as he crosses the finish line to win the elite road race of the 2004 uci world road cycling championships.
2			player	game	championship	title			bumpy road ahead for andover when ashley mclaughlin's 3 pointer skipped off the rim, concluding last year's miaa division 1 state championship game, gone were andover's chances at back to back titles. gone, too, are more than half the players.
1			leader	opposition	general			ukraine opposition calls strike ukrainian opposition leader viktor yushchenko calls for a general strike as he rejects the presidential poll result.
1			party	election	scale			ukraine 's colors could help tip balance in romania 's tight vote a coincidence that could tip the scales in romania 's tightly fought presidential and parliamentary elections on sunday is literally the colors used by the two main political parties in their campaign.
2			coach			germany coach klinsmann surprised at criticism germany coach juergen klinsmann has been surprised at the amount of criticism his recent decisions have provoked. klinsmann was called a cold blooded killer by
4			skype	telephony	software	mac	technology	beta	version			skype dials up beta software for mac os x skype technologies sa, of luxembourg, tuesday released a beta version of its free internet telephony software for apple computer inc.
3			stock			news corp. tries to fend off liberty rupert murdoch's news corp. ltd. moved to ward off any hostile bid from u.s. cable company liberty media corp. with a plan to issue stock options to dilute the stake of any predator.
4			system	microsystems	source	version			sun solaris open source release still undecided sun microsystems expects to publicly debut solaris 10 on nov. 15, but its plans to release an open source version of the unix operating system remain in limbo.
2			game	sale			ea sees girl power boost with 'sims 2' sales video game giant electronic arts expects to sell 2 million units of the sims 2 video game this year in europe, proving skeptics wrong that you can't build a market around female gamers.
2			basketball	tournament	ncaa	team	play	season			buckeyes won 't play in ncaa or nit tourneys columbus, ohio ohio state has sanctioned its men 's basketball team, barring the buckeyes from playing in the ncaa or nit tournaments this season.
2			league	game	team			b r's opening task is not an easy one when the old colony league was trimmed to just four teams during the offseason, the spotlight was quickly cast on bridgewater raynham's game at marshfield oct. 29.
4			airport	system	technology	series			tsa readies security systems rollout the transportation security administration has announced a series of it based pilot programs to bolster airport security, but lawmakers and industry executives are frustrated by a lack of progress in deploying needed technologies.
4			side	processor	pentium	technology			intel pushes pentium 4 bus to 1,066 mhz for gamers intel corp. santa clara, calif. on monday nov. 1 rolled out a new pentium 4 processor and chip set for pc gamers, based on a 1,066 mhz front side bus technology.
2			career			george solomon in a career that spanned 75 years of writing for the washington post, the late columnist shirley povich covered some of the most memorable sporting events of the century.
4			producer	top	networking	technology	alternative	access			modem to connect with speedy cellular technology a top networking gear producer plans to offer a speedy new cellular technology that's an alternative to dsl and cable internet access with the added advantage of being available on the road. netgear inc...
4			management	technology			frontbridge announces acquisition, partnership frontbridge technologies of marina del rey, calif., today revealed an acquisition and a partnership to enhance its hosted service offerings for message management and regulatory compliance.
1			leader			cambodia ratifies deal to try khmer rouge leaders cambodia's legislature approved a long delayed agreement today to put surviving khmer rouge leaders on trial for atrocities that claimed nearly two million lives during their murderous rule in the late 1970s.
4			integration			customers not confident of oracle peoplesoft integration ... nearly two thirds of peoplesoft customers not at all confident oracle will integrate products, survey finds. half of oracle feel that way.
2			nba	detroit	player	fan	sport			pacers players, fans charged in detroit nba fight this is not original reporting. all facts have been gathered from espn, the associated press, fox sports net, the indianapolis star, and the washington post.
4			cell			first sms love story will soon be broadcasted on cell phones the novel, outside the fortress besieged, written by mongolian businessman qian fuchang, is a steamy tale of illicit love among married people and is being short messaged in instalments of 70 characters each, reports the inquirer.
3			profit	sale			ny times profit slips as ad sales uneven the new york times co. on wednesday reported lower quarterly net profit, weighed down by an inconsistent ad sales environment.
2			championship			la liga preview: getafevalencia the che are gasping for air in the turbulent waters of la liga. now they must fight to ensure their next breath is not their last in the quest to retain the championship when they travel to new boys getafe.
1			leader	terrorism	president			karzai sworn in before cheney and rumsfeld hamid karzai warned world leaders of the threat from terrorism and drugs after being sworn as afghanistans first popularly elected president today.
1			leader	afghan	election	opposition			opposition alleges afghan election fraud afghanistan's first direct presidential election was thrust into turmoil hours after it started saturday when all 15 candidates challenging interim leader hamid karzai alleged fraud over the ink meant to ensure people voted only once and vowed to boycott the results. but electoral officials rejected their demand that the vote be called off, saying an apparent mix up with ink used to mark voters' thumbs was not severe enough to halt the historic vote...
4			application			lycos pulls antispam screensaver application that claimed to spam the spammers caused much controversy.
2			player	match			match views from the broadsheets paul scholes has never been comfortable when the spotlight has swung in his direction, and you can imagine him squirming when he was being described as one of the best midfield players in the world last summer.
4			technology	tiger			tiger telematics acquires integra sp to invest on smartphone tiger telematics inc acquired the uk headquartered company integra sp and its real time front end product altiolive. this technology will be used to establish its new product line, codenamed bizmondo.
4			fund	software			oracle's peoplesoft bid deadline nears oracle corp. on friday won the backing of another key public pension fund in its $ 8.8 billion hostile bid for peoplesoft inc. as the 17 month takeover battle between the two california based business software makers neared a key deadline.
3			trading			ubs to buy schwab 's trading unit ubs said tuesday that it would buy charles schwab 's market making, research and institutional trading unit for $ 265 million in cash.
1			talk	minister			eu chiefs to discuss asylum camps european justice and home affairs ministers are to start talks on whether asylum seekers could be processed outside the eu.
3			investment			irish disposals worth 967m to struggling nab national australia bank, which owns the clydesdale, has sold its two irish banks to denmark 's largest bank for 967m in cash, a move will give hope of fresh investment in the australian group 's beleaguered scottish operation.
4			system	ibm	gain	technology			ibm gains support for bladecenter spec ibm has signed up more than 110 companies to build technologies to the open specification for its bladecenter systems. advertisement.
3			stock			european stocks advance as tesco boosts european stocks moved cautiously higher tuesday, with the retail sector getting a leg up from some stellar first half numbers from uk grocer tesco.
1			ally	minister	finance	party	president			chirac names ally to replace rival the french president promoted a staunch ally to replace a popular finance minister, strengthening his hand ahead of an expected struggle for the governing party 's 2007 presidential nomination.
2			champion	kick	team	championship			echoes across forty years on a day when the browns last championship team was saluted before kick off, the current team played like champions themselves. perhaps it was just coincidence, but it seemed like more than that.
1			president			coming soon: toy story 3, nemo 2? disney president says studio is pushing forward with sequels to popular animated films, pixar or no. new york cnn money the walt disney company is pushing forward with plans to capitalize on the blowout
4			application			mopheus grokster battle: ii news: the owners of the morpheus and grokster p2p applications are taking yet another stand in their david and goliath battle against the multi national entertainment industry.
2			title	shot	round	game	match			holyfield loses third in a row a focused hasim rahman earned his way back into a heavyweight title shot with a fourth round stoppage of game kali meehan. meehan, who was no match for the rock , weighed in
4			general	technology			rivals join to develop hybrid car technology general motors corp. and daimlerchrysler ag are throwing their combined weight behind a new hybrid technology for cars and trucks, setting the stage for a spread to the mainstream.
4			user	tool			macromedia announces training tool the new tool automatically records all on screen activity on a user's pc, for playback later as an interactive demonstration, among other uses.
4			software	microsystems	microsoft	alternative			microsoft keeps legal options against office alternative microsoft 's settlement with sun microsystems includes a provision explicitly preserving microsoft 's right to sue licensees of a free alternative to its dominant microsoft office software.
4			use	cell			in flight cell phones everywhere you look and everywhere you go these days, people are using cell phones. right now, air travelers can only use their cells phones before their flights take off, but that could soon change.
1			leader	turkey	debate			anxious turkey seeks changes in key eu report turkey, rattled by growing signs of resistance in the european union to its entry bid, said on monday it would seek changes in the wording of a key report on its candidacy before eu leaders debate it on dec. 17.
4			email	technology			yahoo! deploys, earthlink tests domainkeys yahoo! inc is deploying the domainkeys email signing technology worldwide, and has announced tentative support from rival isp earthlink inc.
3			share			update: oracle to buy peoplesoft for $ 10.3b oracle has signed a definitive agreement to acquire peoplesoftfor $ 26.50 per share, or approximately $ 10.3 billion, the companies said monday, ending an acrimonious takeover battle that has lasted for more than 18 months.
3			profit	computing	share			apple hopes thin imac can fatten profits, share apple computer inc. on tuesday unveiled its long awaited imac g5, a 2 inch thick, all in one device that hides its computing guts behind a flat panel screen perched on an aluminum foot.
3			fund	retailer	holding			ahold to sell off its spanish holdings the dutch supermarket retailer ahold, seeking to streamline global operations and reduce debt, said yesterday that it will sell its holdings in spain to permira funds, for roughly $ 849 million.
3			growth	fund	stock	technology			mutual funds saw tough 3d quarter mutual funds suffered along with the rest of the stock market during a troubled third quarter, with growth and technology sector funds posting the worst returns.
2			good	game			half life 2 this is the game that has been hailed as the killer of all first person shooters since it was first announced over a year ago, and most who have said that hadn 't even played it yet that 's how confident people are that this game is just that good.
4			system	microsoft			palmsource targets smartphones looking to compete with the likes of symbian and microsoft, palmsource is unveiling its new operating system geared specifically for the creation of smartphones.
3			earnings	stock			google wows wall street google is making everyone who snubbed its unconventional initial public offering of stock regret their decision. in the latest rebuke to its skeptics, google wowed wall street with its first quarterly earnings
2			stadium	baseball			d.c. bids out work district officials said they are soliciting bids for the estimated $ 13 million renovation to get rfk stadium ready for baseball.
4			infrastructure	enterprise	database	linux	software	server	version			sybase provides free linux enterprise class database for ... sybase, inc., a leading provider of enterprise infrastructure and wireless software, deepened its commitment to the linux community with the availability of a free deployment version of an enterprise class linux database sybase adaptive server enterprise
2			basketball	tournament	round	final	team	win	game			basketball: u.s. cruises past angola 89 53 the u.s. men's basketball team got their first comfortable win at the olympic basketball tournament monday, routing winless angola 89 53 in their final preliminary round game.
3			sale	share			a revival at hand? it 's been an interesting 2004 for nokia nyse: nok . the year started with lower sales and eroding market share. then competitors motorola nyse: mot and sony ericsson nasdaq: ericy both reported strong results.
4			use	technology	copy			sony of japan abandons copy control music cds, adapting to ... sony corp. 's music unit is abandoning its cds that use built in technology that limits copying them, after pushing the program for two years.
2			region	game	country			china bans a new computer video game china has banned a new computer game for referring to taiwan and other regions claimed by china as separate countries.
3			sale			music industry is trying out digital only releases record labels are looking to digital sales as a first step on the road to the larger music marketplace after years of infighting over how to sell music online.
2			point	team			wednesday 's preview points: the 19 day extravaganza continues with the first of two nights with conference usa in the spotlight. neither team left the field happy last time out.
4			file	application			bioenvision files for drug ok in europe bioenvision inc. bivn.o said on friday it has submitted an application to european regulators to market its experimental leukemia drug.
1			leader	party	opposition			voters in hong kong may give opposition party its most clout since ... hong kong turnout is brisk in hong kong where voters could give pro democracy leaders more clout than they ve had since china reclaimed the area in 1997.
4			microsystems	enterprise	feature	developer	access	version			sun delivers netbeans 4.1 access release sun microsystems on monday gave its netbeans ide 4.1 developers a rolling start toward working with the 4.1 version of the product, shipping an early access release that features support for enterprise edition 1.4 with ejb and web services.
2			basketball	sport			jury lines up for kobe bryant rape trial more than a year after allegations of rape levelled at basketball star kobe bryant shocked the world of sport and set in motion a circus of claim and counterclaim, the first wave of jury selection began yesterday.
3			sale	inventory	profit	second			j.c. penney posts second quarter profit department store operator j.c. penney co. inc. jcp.n on tuesday posted a second quarter profit, reversing a year earlier loss, helped by inventory controls and strong department store sales.
4			processor	networking	server	core	application	storage			freescale announces dual core powerpc processor while much has been made of efforts by advanced micro devices inc. and intel corp. to bring dual core processors to pcs and servers, freescale semiconductor inc. announced tuesday at a conference in frankfurt, germany, details of a dual core powerpc processor designed for embedded applications, such as networking and storage.
2			play	win			surprise! ochoa surges to win lorena ochoa already had posed with the novelty check and kissed the crystal vase when she called her family in mexico. well, i won 't tell anyone, because they re all watching you play no.
4			platform	processor	hardware	licensing	microsoft	software	technology	core			microsoft reveals licensing plans for dual core chips microsoft corp. does not plan to change its per processor software licensing model when hardware containing dual core and multicore processor technology for the windows platform becomes available next year.
4			space	system	vendor	technology	storage			hds launches tagmastore when it comes to storage technology, there are a number of vendors pushing back the frontiers in what is possible. this week hitachi data systems hds , one of the giants in this extremely competitive space
2			team			valentine back in japan for autumn camp lotte marines manager bobby valentine is back in japan to take part in his team 's autumn training camp. valentine, who had been mentioned as a possible candidate to replace art howe as manager
3			retailer	earnings			ethan allen posts little changed earnings ethan allen interiors inc. eth.n: quote, profile, research , a furniture maker and retailer, on tuesday said quarterly earnings were little changed on lackluster consumer confidence
4			user	microsoft	feature	system			microsoft sends xp sp2 home microsoft this week began distributing its latest update to the windows xp operating system to home users through its automatic updates feature.
2			cricket	sport	series			bcci says sony to telecast australia test series india's home test series against australia next month will be telecast on sony television, and live pictures produced by ten sports, the board of control for cricket in india bcci announced on thursday.
4			development	generation			intel announces chip shrinking milestone contradicting fears that the semiconductor industry's pace of development is slowing, intel corp. announced it has achieved a milestone in shrinking the size of transistors that will power its next generation chips.
2			club			megson reign comes to end gary megsons stormy four year reign as west bromwich albion manager ended in predictable acrimony tonight when the club announced it had relieved him of his duties with immediate effect.
3			sale			o christmas tree in the past five years, national sales of real christmas trees have dropped faster than needles on an unwatered pine in the living room.
2			science	game	content			mom collects big game organs for science stephanie bradford isn't content with her daughter dissecting frogs in science class. she wants the students to cut into the hearts and eyes of moose, caribou, bear and other large game.
4			silicon	standard	storage	switch			emulex debuts 4 gbps fibre channel silicon emulex corp. unveiled tuesday its new fibrespy switch on a chip soc 804 family of embedded storage for oem customers looking to build to the new 4 gigabit fibre channel standard.
1			debate	president	slide	kerry			tuesday's debate has new importance after what republicans acknowledge was president bush's faltering performance in his televised encounter with democratic nominee john f. kerry, the vice presidential debate has assumed critical importance, with republicans depending on vice president cheney to halt the ticket's slide in momentum.
4			management	technology			courts not convinced in apple drm battle virgin 's attempt to force apple to open up its digital rights management drm technology has failed. the french competition council has dismissed a virgin france case that alleged apple had abused market dominance.
1			election			vote fraud theories, spread by blogs, are quickly buried some web logs were swift to provide dark theories about the presidential election, but others were just as quick to debunk them.
4			server	alternative			fbi seizes servers from uk offices several london based servers of an alternative media network have been seized by the fbi in an operation, rumoured to be related to recent requests to remove photos posted on a web site.
4			science			us rejects eu that hormone treated beef ban is justified the us trade representative on monday rejected the european union 's assertion that its ban on beef from hormone treated cattle is now justified by science and that us and canadian retaliatory sanctions should be lifted.
2			football			fa to test for epo the football association announced today they will introduce a test for the banned drug erythropoietin epo in the near future .
2			stadium	match			mccullum ton swings test match in nz 's favour new zealand tightened the screws on bangladesh with a superb maiden century from brendon mccullum in the opening test at the bangabandu national stadium here on thursday.
4			shot	microsoft	enterprise	ibm	vendor	standard	computing			enterprise unix roundup selling wall street on sun three years ago, we attended sun 's quarterly network computing day. it was the heart of the bust, and we were treated to pot shots directed at ibm and microsoft and were told that sun was the true open standards vendor.
3			auto	sale	earnings			mitsubishi reports first half earnings mitsubishi motors corp. said monday that its losses grew in the first half of the fiscal year as the japanese automaker struggled to recover from an auto defect scandal that has sent sales plunging.
4			leader	technology			intel intros extreme edition p4 chip gartner analyst martin reynolds said intel, as the market leader, needs to keep moving people down the path of new technologies.
1			ally	finance	president	minister			chirac gathers his loyalists herv gaymard, france 's agriculture minister and an ally of president jacques chirac, yesterday became the finance minister after nicolas sarkozy left to pursue presidential ambitions.
4			system	networking	development	project	tokyo			cisco open $ 12m research center in japan networking giant cisco systems inc. have announced plans to open a new research and development center in tokyo next year. the company will invest a cool $ 12 million in the project over five years.
2			club			radioshack inks deal to operate sam 's club wireless kiosks radioshack corp. has agreed to take over the operaton of wireless kiosks in 542 sam 's club locations nationwide, radioshack said monday.
2			hockey	lockout	victory	nhl	sport			lecavalier lifts canada its too bad a lockout is days away in the nhl. hockey like saturdays dramatic 4 3 canadian victory over the czech republic displays the sport at its best.
1			minister			e university's record 'abysmal' the failure of the uk's e university was blamed on weak marketing by the higher education minister.
4			software	microsoft			eu accuses microsoft of paternalistic view : microsoft corp. today said that small companies and their customers would suffer most if it is forced to remove its digital media software from windows, while the european union accused
3			profit	sale	fall			conagra profit falls conagra foods inc. on wednesday posted lower quarterly profits due to higher ingredient costs and the sale of its chicken and agricultural products businesses.
4			processor	system	high	speed			the need for speed: high performance pcs a fast pc doesnt mean just a fast processor. hard drive speeds, memory and other considerations all affect a systems performance.
4			technology			for schools, apple offers special imac g5, emac with the release of the new imac g5, some educational technology departments might want to check apple's online education store, where they'll find an additional model available only to education institutions. cheaper emacs are there, too.
3			stock			halliburton to restructure subsidiary halliburton co. said thursday it is restructuring its troubled engineering and construction subsidiary, and would consider selling or spinning it off should the division 's stock performance fail to improve once costly asbestos litigation is resolved.
2			sport			lost in translation eddy curry admits he was frustrated. sick of the losing. tried of the booing. fed up with the life in a fishbowl that goes with playing professional sports in his hometown.
1			parliament	crisis	president			bid to end eu commissioner row the incoming european commission president is to meet parliament heads to defuse the crisis over his proposed justice commissioner.
4			content			to hd dvd or not to hd dvd? if you are an equipment manufacturer, parts supplier or content provider, the question has unquestionably been posed to you before.
4			identification	frequency	ibm	software	technology	version			ibm integrates rfid with websphere ibm nyse: ibm is rolling out a new version of websphere software, using radio frequency identification rfid technology and middleware targeting retail operations.
3			profit	top	earnings			kellogg quarterly earnings top estimates kellogg co. kn: quote, profile, research , the world 's largest cereal maker, on monday reported a quarterly profit that exceeded wall street estimates and raised its full year earnings
4			player	microsoft	software			microsoft ready to remove media player software giant will follow court orders and comply with eu's demands if necessary.
3			profit	share	price			westjet estimates cut on load factor woes analysts chopped their fourth quarter profit estimates for westjet airlines ltd. on wednesday and braced for turbulence in its share price, mainly because of computer woes that hurt its online reservations bookings.
1			fighting			no fighting the co op board, even with talons the story of the hawks evicted from their perch on a manhattan building serves as a reminder of the power of co op boards.
3			sale	alternative			update 2: doubleclick studies sale, other options the online advertising market is hot, but pioneer doubleclick inc. isn 't. the provider of internet advertising services has decided to explore strategic alternatives, including a possible sale.
4			speed	nasa	ocean	technology			nasa scramjet breaks speed record a tiny unmanned nasa scramjet soared above the pacific ocean yesterday at nearly 10 times the speed of sound, or almost 7,000 mph, in a record breaking demonstration of a radical new engine technology.
2			playoff	team	series	postseason	stadium	game			rain threatens game 3 of world series no visiting team has won at busch stadium during this postseason. then again, no team had ever come back from an 0 3 series deficit in the playoffs, either.
1			politics	attack			sadr suspends attacks, plans to enter politics the shift could resolve a significant threat to iraq's stability and provide a boost to the interim government.
4			software	top			latest scandal puts spotlight back on boards at first glance, it might seem as if software company computer associates international inc. has cleaned up its act. yes, its former ceo and another top executive were indicted last
2			team	minister	cricket	roger	player	sport			let youth team go sport minister roger boynes is insisting that if the impasse between the west indies players association and the west indies cricket board is not resolved, he had no problems with the youth
2			game			music videos tap video games whose videos killed the radio star knows a threat when it sees one. to keep people from abandoning tv for video games, it's making music videos with popular game characters strutting their stuff to the latest tracks. by daniel terdiman.
3			investor	airway			troubled airline still flies, but how long? an old joke says us airways, formed by the merger of mohawk and allegheny airlines, should have been named mo agony. that is exactly what the airline 's investors and employees must be feeling since it filed
4			user	software	mac			finally sync your blackberry with your mac research in motion couldn 't be bothered to ever get around to doing this themselves, but information appliance associates has just come out with some software which should finally let mac users satisfy their crackberry addictions. there 's no support ...
4			ibm	hardware	server			is ibmtel the next winning combo? on sept. 2, ibm ibm and intel intc made a strategic move to put themselves at the center of the small but budding computer hardware industry known as blade servers.
3			investor	leader	share			investors buy up woolies investors stocked up on woolworths shares today on renewed faith that the supermarket leader could withstand heavy competition from rival coles myer.
2			ryder	team	captain	cup	sport			on the couch the us needs to show some respect who 's the sports figure one most wanted to feel sorry for this past week, but simply couldn 't? who turned us off most? he 's one and the same hal sutton, the us ryder cup captain whose team was almost obliterated
3			fund	share			learn the basics of mutual funds some 93 million americans own shares of mutual funds, but many of these people have only vague ideas of how they work. here are some common questions and the answers to them.
2			team	baseball	player	game	sport	tokyo			japan 's players go on strike, weekend games called off tokyo baseball players in japan are going on strike for the first time in the sport 's history there. games this weekend are being called off after extended negotiations with team officials failed to bear fruit.
4			longhorn	system	upgrade	file	technology			stripped down longhorn still offers gems although microsoft's longhorn has been stripped of its unified file system and some other key technologies, the company said the next windows release will still be worth the upgrade.
3			good			more authors are blogging jennifer weiner, author of the best selling novels good in bed and in her shoes, likes to spend three to four hours a day working on fiction. when she's done, time and family permitting, she updates her online journal...
4			patent	software			eu urged to reject us style software patents legal costs associated with resolving software patent disputes will double if the european union ratifies proposals to introduce us style intellectual property laws, an industry group has warned.
4			use	team	technology	moon			missile team homes in on the moon a us firm is proposing to use guided missile technology to make an automated, precision landing on the moon.
1			election			we dont recognize the results even before the polling booths closed in afghanistans first ever direct presidential election, all 15 candidates running against incumbent hamid karzai denounced
1			president			predicting a president: where the papers' online electoral maps agree and disagree new york in a new twist on e p's exclusive tracking of major newspaper web sites' electoral college maps, today's article will chart how they differ or agree on which states are still tossups and which lean toward one candidate or the other.
4			system	talk			q a part 1: cisco's john chambers at company's 20 year mark tomorrow marks the 20th anniversary of the founding of cisco systems, and the company's ceo, john chambers, took the time this week to talk about where his company has been, mistakes it has made and where it's going now.
4			software	sale			sap hopes partnership helps ring up sales sap america and adp are partnering to add hr and payroll services to sap's business one software for small companies.
3			shareholder	management			ca shareholders back management over bonuses issue computer associates international inc. avoided a revolt at its annual meeting yesterday, when shareholders voted down a proposal requesting that the company 's board adopt
1			priority	election			survey: format influenced voter priorities this presidential election has been described by many as one in which morality mattered most to voters. but that perception may be driven at least partially by how pollsters asked voters about their priority issues.
2			player	game			games blur news and entertainment some game makers are trying to get players to expand their horizons by reflecting on news events in games
2			shooting	point	game	season			undated: seven assists. pau gasol scored 22 points and shane battier added 18, and memphis won for the first time in five games this season. kobe bryant, guarded by a three man rotation, had 20 points on 4 for 19 shooting for the lakers.
2			play	final	match	title			els claims record sixth match play ernie els claimed a record sixth world match play title by beating lee westwood two and one in a gripping final at wentworth. the south african world number two celebrated
4			percent	shot	export	software	technology			software exports from india's technology hub soar 34 percent software exports from india's technology hub of bangalore shot up 34 percent in the first five months of the current fiscal year compared to the same period the previous year, an official said.
3			profit	gain	sale			canwest global earns $ 62m for q4, compared with $ 45m loss last ... special gains from the sale of international assets helped canwest global communications corp. post a solid profit in the fourth quarter, reversing a big loss last year.
2			champion			tyler hamilton cleared to keep olympic gold ioc olympic time trial champion tyler hamilton has been cleared of any doping offence at the athens olympics, the international olympic committee ioc said on thursday.
2			good	game			scoring goof taints gold one of the feel good stories of the olympics turned sour saturday, becoming the latest in a long line of scoring controversies that seem to show up in every games.
2			stadium			kallis, boucher boost south africa in colombo one dayer jacques kallis and mark boucher slammed half centuries as south africa posted a competitive 263 9 in the first one dayer against sri lanka at the premdasa stadium here.
4			cell	generation			who 's eavesdropping on your cell? london: if you thought that your little chit chats on your mobile phones are safe from eavesdropping, think again, as security experts have revealed that the new generation of mobile phones are highly vulnerable to hackers.
4			crm	microsoft	telephony	system	tool	software	management	use			cisco, microsoft merge ip telephony with crm cisco systems inc. is set to offer starting monday a tool to help small and medium sized businesses use microsoft corp. crm customer relationship management software in combination with a cisco ip internet protocol communication system.
4			development	protection			ontario to dedicate 12.5 million to water studies and watershed protection toronto cp the effects of urban sprawl and industrial development on ontario's ecologically sensitive watersheds will be more closely examined under a 12.5 million provincial initiative.
4			system	content	file	technology			charles arthur on technology once upon a time there was a boy called bill, and he had a vision of what a computer operating system should be able to do: find a file that had any sort of content you were looking for, anywhere on your machine or a local network, and hand it to you
1			party	president	opposition			ecuador impeachment drive dropped ecuador's opposition parties fail in efforts to begin impeachment proceedings against president lucio gutierrez.
2			career			robin ventura 's career will be remembered in large part for grand slams, whether they counted or not.
2			sport	run	country	fuel			vehicle for change? as dieter zetsche see it, daimlerchrysler's diesel jeep liberty sport utility, due next month, should be an easy sell. drivers in the u.s. need a powerful set of wheels that can travel 500 miles between fuel ups. this country should be the el dorado for diesels, says the man who runs daimlerchrysler's chrysler group.
3			shareholder	miner			gold fields acceptances up harmony the number of acceptances received from world number four gold miner gold fields shareholders is increasing, marketing director for world number four gold miner harmony ferdi dippenaar said on wednesday.
2			title			a hunter is hunted down in 800 athens kelly holmes has spent more than a decade chasing maria mutola. on monday, when it mattered, she finally caught her. since her first world title in 1993, mutola, 31, has been the great predator of women 's middle distance running.
2			champion	team	trophy	good	match			south africa vs west indies south africa openers herschelle gibbs right and graeme smith gave the team a good start in the icc champions trophy match against the west indies at the oval in london on saturday.
2			play	player	game	nhl			canucks' bertuzzi plays in charity game vancouver canucks forward todd bertuzzi returned to the ice sunday for the first time since being suspended for attacking colorado's steve moore, playing in a charity game that included more than 30 locked out nhl players.
1			reserve	debate	president	election			cheney, edwards to meet in ohio debate vice president dick cheney and sen. john edwards, the vice presidential candidate, will meet tuesday at case western reserve university in cleveland for their only debate before the nov. 2 election.
4			system	technology	finance			eds reduces 2004 cash flow projections electronic data systems corp. cut its cash flow projections for 2004 on monday because it spent $ 522 million to pay off money borrowed by a trust to finance a huge technology contract with the navy.
4			general	technology			rivals join to develop hybrid car technology general motors corp. and daimlerchrysler ag are throwing their combined weight behind a new hybrid technology for cars and trucks, setting the stage for what had been a niche product to spread to the mainstream for american consumers.
2			race	season			bayliss in timely return to podium australian troy bayliss boosted his chances of securing a motogp seat for next year with a podium finish at the last race of the season in spain yesterday.
4			share	microsoft	software	technology	penalty			microsoft asks judge to suspend penalties microsoft asked a european union judge thursday to freeze a european commission order forcing it to share technology with competitors, but a rival said the software giant used to provide such information freely.
4			development	generation			intel makes tiny breakthrough contradicting fears that the semiconductor industry 's pace of development is slowing, intel has achieved a milestone in shrinking the size of transistors that will power next generation chips.
2			team	country	play	good	fan			the good, bad ... and even better baylor fans are in a little bit of limbo now. they re thrilled that their team continues to show that it can play with the very best in the country.
2			award	britain	win	sport			holmes voted sports personality of year in britain double olympic gold medallist kelly holmes was voted bbc sports personality of the year on sunday. holmes had been the hottest favorite ever to win the award after her exploits
3			good	export			trade gap shrinks as uk exports surge ahead britains trade gap with the rest of the world narrowed unexpectedly in september as goods exports surged to their highest level in more than two years, official data revealed today.
4			beat	technology			beat hackers and learn to spy at italy tech fair fingerprint sensors, gadgets to pry open doors and transmitters to spy on unsuspecting targets were among the wizardry on show at the opening of italy's biggest technology fair on thursday.
2			football	berth	win	park	high	bowl	sport			hyde park learns to win worst to first is one of the hardest things to do in sports, but how do you go from winless to a super bowl berth with a diverse group of kids from a variety of backgrounds and neighborhoods, many of whom have never played football before entering high school?
4			software	good	microsoft	version			microsoft offers to replace fake copies of windows xp software pirates' increasing skill at creating counterfeit versions of windows xp has prompted microsoft to introduce a pilot program that offers to verify whether consumers' software is legitimate and replace fake versions with authentic goods.
2			coach	team			ralf rangnick hired as schalke coach ralf rangnick was named head coach of schalke on tuesday, taking over the german bundesliga team from jupp heynkes, who was sacked two weeks ago.
1			leader	defeat	leadership	election	party	latham	opposition			leader of devastated australian labor party to stand again opposition leader mark latham has declared his intention to recontest the leadership of the centre left labor party even as he was being blamed for its devastating defeat in the weekend election.
4			user	enterprise	identity	software	access			computer associates to buy netegrity computer associates in islandia, ny, said wednesday it has agreed to acquire netegrity inc., in waltham, mass. netegrity is a provider of enterprise security software for managing user identities and access.
3			profit	shareholder	nation	stock	value			accounting board rules options be expensed the nation's accounting rulemaker decided thursday that companies will have to begin deducting the value of stock options from their profits next year, a move cheered by shareholder advocates but scorned by many companies who rely heavily on options to beef up compensation packages.
2			cup	race	win			makybe diva wins successive melbourne cups makybe diva won the 144th running of the a $ 4.6 million 1.9 million pounds melbourne cup to become only the fourth horse and the first mare to capture australia 's richest and most famous race two years in a row.
3			growth			innovation isn't the panacea it seems innovation has become an all purpose tonic, the default prescription for every pain associated with the retrenching american economy. whatever the problem slower growth, global competition, fewer well paying jobs innovating, we are told, is the solution.
4			ship	generation			boeing ships 67 commercial planes in 3q aircraft manufacturer boeing co. on friday said it shipped 67 commercial airplanes during the third quarter, including 49 of its next generation 737 mid range planes.
2			park	career			a fantasy field trip to jurassic park the career of richard ellis advances the maxim that scientific knowledge is often moved forward by the work of committed amateurs.
1			talk			giving voice to a billion things when robert poor looks at the world, he sees 50 billion embedded microcontrollers, the workhorse chips inside cars, traffic lights and air conditioners, doing their jobs in splendid isolation. then he imagines what will happen when they all can talk to one another.
1			minister			eu warns iran of 'serious situation on nuclear plans european union foreign ministers monday urged iran to suspend its uranium enrichment activities, saying tehran could face a serious situation if it continued to defy the international community.
3			profit			tyco swings to profit, warns on estimates manufacturing conglomerate tyco international ltd. said monday that it swung to a profit in the fourth quarter from a year ago loss, but the company guided below consensus estimates for the first quarter of fiscal 2005.
2			night	coach	football			west virginia 's task: climb over maryland an hour or so after west virginia dispatched central florida on a steamy saturday night in orlando, west virginia football coach rich rodriguez 's thoughts turned to this weekend 's opponent, no.
2			career	race			story of a century: zippy' loses 100th zippy chippy, thoroughbred racing's all time loser, lost his 100th race in 100 career starts yesterday, finishing last in an eight horse field at the three county fairgrounds in northampton.
2			medal	comeback	sport			hearing held on hamm medal paul hamm said yesterday that he would give back his olympic gold medal if sport's highest court ordered him to. but lawyers for the american gymnast and the us olympic committee told the sport's highest court that there are no grounds to change the results of last month's men's all around competition, which hamm won with the greatest comeback in the ...
4			standard	engineer			tech giants back specification for web services the specification builds on the ws architecture that a vast group of engineers have been working on for more than two years to develop specific standards.
1			parliament	reform	pas			ukrainian legislators fail to pass vote reform lawmakers fought over and failed to pass legal reforms aimed at ensuring a fair rematch of ukraine's fraudulent presidential runoff, accusing each other yesterday of acting in bad faith as several thousand orange clad protesters besieged parliament and chanted, parasites! parasites!
2			sport	delhi			espn star threatens legal action against zee 's chandra new delhi, sept. 22 pti : threatening legal action, espn star sports today demanded a public apology from zee telefilms chief subhash chandra, for his remarks alleging collusion between the bcci and the sports broadcaster.
4			system	point	networking	access			digital home to set off next big electronics wave mention home networking to most people and few would imagine the routers, access points and wireless connections that in a few years could become an indispensable part of millions of home entertainment systems.
2			hit	game	science			creating sequel a thriller when halo became a smash video game hit following microsoft's launch of the xbox console in 2001, it was a no brainer that there would be a sequel to the science fiction shoot em up.
4			use	technology	copy			sony abandons copy control on music cds sony corp. sne 's music unit is abandoning its cds that use built in technology that limits copying them, after pushing the program for two years...
1			democrat	politics	pack	attack			republicans pack punch. democrats take it. it seems that the republicans are, today at least, more adept at the black art of attack politics, according to historians and flummoxed democratic partisans.
4			upgrade	mail	technology			yahoo! upgrades its e mail yahoo! announced monday that it is upgrading some components of its e mail service. the main change is the implementation of the company 's domainkeys anti spam technology see our previous coverage .
4			enterprise	software	source			can 't say i didn 't tell you so previously, i have asked what happens to the software industry if enterprises expect to acquire their software for free via open source.
2			war	tour	game			star wars game gives battle tour luke skywalker and darth vader may get all the glory, but a new star wars video game finally gives credit to the everyday grunts who couldn't summon the force for help.
4			ibm	software	source	code			compuware blasts ibm's legal tactics compuware accused ibm nyse: ibm of improperly introducing 11th hour evidence in order to delay a ruling in a legal battle between the two firms. compuware is suing ibm for allegedly stealing source code and using it in its own software products.
4			use	cell			saved, and enslaved, by the cell a growing number of experts say cellphone use may be making us less autonomous and less capable of solving problems on our own.
4			software	microsoft	technology	second			microsoft launches software for searching desktops microsoft corp. on monday became the second tech industry giant to offer software for searching through computer desktops a technology it claims is vastly superior to that launched by google two months ago.
3			leader	profit	earnings			google profit up in 1st reported quarter web search leader google inc. , in its first earnings report as a publicly held company, on thursday posted a profit of 52.0 million in the third quarter on strong web search advertising.
3			earnings			kerry's running mate earns 39 million over decade democratic vice presidential candidate john edwards had income of nearly 39 million over the past decade, and paid more than a third of his earnings in taxes, the washington post reported on saturday.
1			election			rock credentials fail to cool protest anger even peter garrett, former rock star and one time darling of greens and the left, could not escape the fury of demonstrators as he arrived for the official launch of labor 's election campaign in brisbane yesterday.
4			scientist	top	technology	fuel			iran develops key nuclear metal iranian scientists have developed technology to produce zirconium, a key metal used in the heart of a nuclear reactor to produce nuclear fuel, a top nuclear official said monday.
3			general	sale			wagoner: gm looking to cut costs, but nothing drastic on tap lagging sales and lower to flat net vehicle pricing has general motors corp. searching for ways to trim costs, but the world 's largest automaker doesn 't expect drastic operational changes
2			game			photo 4 of 8: global gamers clash for cash $ 2.5 million in prize money is on the line as gamers from uzbekistan to ecuador compete in the world cyber games.
3			value			survey: incentives dim us cars' image the cash rebates and financing deals that detroit's big three automakers have used to drive business in recent years are diminishing the value of their vehicles in the eyes of consumers, a new quarterly survey of customer satisfaction indicates.
2			nation	club			playboy plan for a private lifestyle club in shanghai iconic brand playboy plans to open a private club in chinas commercial capital of shanghai in a first for the communist nation, which still bans the companys flagship mens magazine.
2			league	club	victory	season	coach	match			atalanta fires coach serie a cellar dwellers atalanta fired its coach andrea mandorlini after he failed to produce a victory in any of the club 's first 14 league matches this season.
2			player	team	nhl			kovalev heading home movement continues to take place among nhl players but it's not toward north american teams nor arenas.
2			league	jersey	franchise	team	good	baseball	sport			nj would welcome homeless baseball team could the meadowlands be the next stop for the vagabond montreal expos washington nationals major league baseball franchise? that would be good move for the sport, according to new jersey sports
3			user	sale	price			gartner: lower prices, new users keep mobile phones hot in traditionally weak quarter, sales increased 26 compared to last year.
1			parliament	reform			brunei to reinstate parliament after 20 years as part of political reforms, the sultan of brunei, hassanal bolkiah has said that he would reopen its parliament after it was suspended 20 years ago.
2			basketball	game	playoff			today's schedule pro basketball: wnba playoffs: sun vs. washington game 3 at mohegan sun arena, uncasville, conn., 8 p.m.
4			amd	technology			by 2015 amd will it enable half of world populace global chipmaker amd has taken up the cudgel of it enabling half of the worlds population, by 2015, in what could be one the most ambitious initiatives undertaken by any technology manufacturer so far.
2			player	win			xm and sirius stream on satellite radio wins the market's straw poll by landing its two key players into the nasdaq 100 composite.
3			investor	producer	software			peoplesoft bid hangs in balance oracle's attempt to buy rival software producer peoplesoft hangs in the balance as investors consider its $ 9.2bn takeover offer ahead of saturday's deadline.
3			value			sprint reports wider loss on writedowns sprint corp. on tuesday reported a wider third quarter loss due to a $ 3.5 billion writedown in the value of its long distance business.
2			football	race	trophy	win	season			catch me if you can by will lloyd. the college football season is two thirds complete, yet it 's the last third of it that is sure to bring excitement and surprises, especially in the race to win the heisman trophy.
1			party			mexico lawmakers protest education funding mexico city legislators from the leftist democratic revolution party, the prd, stormed into the lower house of congress and seized the speaker's podium tuesday to prevent discussion of proposed funding changes for local education.
3			trading			euro soars as dollar nosedives the dollar sell off gained fresh momentum in latest trading with the greenback tumbling to its lowest level for nine years against the currencies of its main trading partners.
4			run	software	mac	hardware			now, for your pc: mac os x a hawaiian company specializing in streaming video claims to have developed a $ 50 software emulator that allows a windows pc to run apple computer 's mac os x. maui x stream on tuesday announced cherryos, a virtual pc that mimics the hardware of a g4 mac.
2			hockey	league	sport	nhl			report: nhl not losing as much as it claims new york, ny sports network while it is definitely losing money, the national hockey league isn 't as bad off as it claims, according to a published report in forbes magazine.
3			value	sale			internet sales growing strongly the value of uk online sales more than doubles, as a growing number of people choose to shop via the internet, data shows.
4			speed	technology			rocket scrams at 10 times speed of sound a hypersonic rocket inspired by australian technology has smashed the world speed record, travelling at 11,000km h. record bound .
2			sport			honda to build suv in ohio honda of america manufacturing inc. said tuesday that it will build a new acura sport utility vehicle in ohio. production on the new model, for honda 's luxury marquee acura brand, will begin in 2006.
4			system	microsoft	version			microsoft to announce media center os update windows xp media center edition 2005 supports dvd burning, hdtv, and improved support for mobile devices. microsoft will unveil the latest version of its media oriented operating system tomorrow, positioning
1			party	country	election			brazil ruling party seeks stronger hand from poll p p p by angus macswan p p sao paulo, brazil reuters brazil's ruling worker'sparty pt was looking to strengthen its hand in its fight totransform this huge latin american country with a goodperformance in nationwide municipal elections on sunday. p
4			piracy	ibm	software	technology			compuware accuses ibm of ambush tactics in piracy suit compuware corp. is accusing ibm of attempting to sandbag it with new evidence just three months before the software company 's piracy claim against the technology giant is to go to trial.
2			championship	point	victory	classic	coach	game			syracuse pulls out victory over memphis hakim warrick scored 25 points and gerry mcnamara added 21, as fifth ranked syracuse pulled away late for a 77 62 victory over no. 24 memphis in the championship game of the coaches versus cancer classic at madison square garden.
3			shareholder			disney dissidents want eisner out in 2005 walt disney co. dissident shareholders roy disney and stanley gold on monday said ceo michael eisner, who last week said he would step down in two years, should be forced to leave by early next year.
3			investor			google cold shoulder confounds european investors web surfers from beijing to berkeley have made google their search engine of choice, but some of europe 's institutional investors have gone sour on the dot com on the eve of its ...
4			shareholder	software			oracle: peoplesoft board to reject bid software maker oracle corp. on wednesday said it will let peoplesoft inc. shareholders decide for themselves whether to accept oracle's $ 8.8 billion hostile takeover bid after learning that peoplesoft's board of directors will reject it.
2			cricket	run	sport			australia take firm grip on third test against india : sports india: cricket gt; nagpur, oct 28 : australia thursday took a firm grip on the third test against india as the home bowlers looked completely ineffective, allowing the visitors to build an overall lead of 415 runs with two days still to go.
3			shareholder			local managers happy to see murdoch 's back australian shareholders had two significant excuses for a protest vote as news corporation sought to shift its domicile from australia to delaware.
2			country	cup	fan	sweep	kremlin	sport			triumphant russians sweep kremlin cup the narrative of homegrown athletes triumphing over foreign opponents resonates with russian sports fans, reaffirming their conviction that their country 's athletes are no worse, and
3			sale	retailer			us retailers cheer 'black friday' sales on america's busiest shopping day of the year could exceed last year, retail experts believe.
3			sale			french winemakers take to streets winemakers worried by a slump in sales stage street protests calling on the french government for help.
4			system			judge strikes down pa. anti pornography law a pennsylvania law aimed at stopping internet pornography is getting no love from the court system. a federal judge threw out the law, which would have required internet service providers to block web sites that contain child pornography.
4			patent	technology	share			sony and samsung in patent deal japan's sony and south korea's samsung agree a deal to share patents on new technology.
4			science			computer sciences lands $ 52 million biometrics deal contract with department of defense is part of homeland security boom.
4			user	processor	hardware	microsystems	software	server	computing	rate			motivated seller sun microsystems has a new business model. over the past year the intermittently profitable santa clara, calif. computer maker has moved from quoting traditional pricing per processor for hardware, per user for software toward a surfeit of new choices. one package of software for all sorts of internet chores comes with one free server for a flat 100 per employee per year, unless the buyer has fewer than 100 employees, in which case the software is free but the server is paid for . or customers can buy computing power like electricity, at a rate of 1 per processor per hour.
4			app	java	system	software	technology	development	server	application	project	source			update: apache geronimo readied as java app server las vegas geronimo, the open source java application server in development by the apache software foundation, will provide a malleable technology base amenable to applications such as regulatory compliance systems, according to a technologist working on the project.
3			profit			wyeth reverses last year's loss wyeth on wednesday reported a third quarter profit, reversing a loss in the year ago period, when it took a $ 2 billion charge for liabilities from its recalled fen phen diet medicines.
4			microsoft	application	version			microsoft security updates microsoft has released fresh security updates for office, and an update to its msn messenger application. the msn messenger update brings the product to version 4.0.
2			oriole	broke	game			d. mientkiewicz, 1b in the rubber game of a three game set, brown will make his first start since september 3, when he broke his left hand punching the clubhouse wall after leaving a 3 1 loss to the baltimore orioles.
4			speed	nasa	ocean	technology			nasa jet sets record for speed a tiny pilotless nasa jet soared above the pacific ocean on tuesday at nearly 10 times the speed of sound, almost 7,000 miles an hour, thanks to a radical new engine technology.
4			team	technology	development			singulus, sony team up on blu ray development german compact disc and dvd equipment company singulus and japan's sony have teamed up to develop a new technology for music and video discs, singulus said on tuesday.
4			software			airdefense locks up wi fi software maintains security on laptops when they're outside the network.
1			election			site bars black box voting head a politically progressive website at the forefront of discussions about electronic voting machines and election irregularities is barring black box voting founder bev harris from posting to its site. by joanna glasner.
4			space	science	speed			fact vs. fiction: 10 questions to test your space iq science speeds along so fast that it can be hard sometimes to know exactly what's known. so now and then its helpful to pause and ponder the state of things.
4			tool	researcher			virtual colonoscopy shows promise while not perfect, it could become key screening tool for cancer, researchers say healthdaynews virtual colonoscopies show significant promise as a screening method for colorectal cancer but there are still some problems that need to be resolved, according to new research. a report in the sept...
4			user	microsoft	suite	switch			australian city agency switches to sun's staroffice in another blow to microsoft, a government agency in new south wales, australia, signs a deal with sun to migrate 1,500 users to the company's staroffice productivity suite and messaging products.
1			talk			making his move matt kenseth was becoming irritated as he leaned against the inside wall of his hauler. cant we talk about something else? he asked.
2			coach	cavalier	team			cavs assistant coach dies at 41 cleveland cavaliers assistant coach mark osowski passed away sunday due to complications from pancreatitis, the team announced monday afternoon.
4			user	desktop	tool	design	software	feature	wizard	server	ship	source	version			filemaker server 7 advanced ships apple subsidiary filemaker inc. announced monday that it is shipping filemaker server 7 advanced, the version of its server software that incorporates advanced web publishing and connectivity features. filemaker server 7 advanced can host up to 100 web based clients and 250 desktop clients, and features connectivity to xml, odbc and jdbc based data sources. filemaker server 7 advanced also features custom web publishing which enables users to deploy data driven web sites using web design tools like macromedia dreamweaver mx, through a built in site assistant wizard.
2			crowd	game	football			usc 's leading man if you think the freeways around southern california are crowded, you should see the crowd in the southern california locker room after a football game.
1			president			ford 's scheele to retire as president on feb. 1 ford motor co. president nick scheele, who postponed his retirement three years ago after being called to the us to help stop losses, will retire feb. 1. he turns 61 next month.
4			system			eds sets voluntary retirement offer electronic data systems on tuesday made a voluntary early retirement offer to about 9,200 u.s. employees as part of its plan to reduce up to 20,000 jobs over the next two years to cut its costs.
1			play	politics			blackberries play politics wireless devices slip past anti gadget policies to open a new communications channel to lawmakers.
4			speed	software	telephony			earthlink to offer free net telephony the isp's new software supports speed dialing, caller id, three way calling, hold capability and call logs.
3			growth	earnings			ericsson cautious despite growth mobile communications specialist ericsson reported strong third quarter earnings on friday but said it expected only slight growth in mobile networks in the coming months.
1			leader	party	access			iranian authorities block reformist websites tehran: internet access to three websites close to iranian 's leading reformist party has been blocked by the authorities, prompting a protest by the party leader.
3			green	share	sale	retailer	trading			m s to reveal sales downturn marks spencer experienced poor summer trading and is expected to announce terms for its 2.3bn tender offer substantially below the 400p per share that billionaire philip green was prepared to pay to take over the ailing retailer two months ago.
4			upgrade	technology			intel: the internet needs an upgrade intel chief technology officer pat gelsinger said on thursday, sept. 9, that the internet needed to be upgraded in order to deal with problems that will become real issues soon.
4			point	vendor	management	feature	technology			a chat check list for it managers there are hundreds of considerations when selecting and implementing an im management solution from product features and technology to pricing. still, im security consultants and vendors agree that the following points apply across the board.
1			president			nike 's father to step down nike co founder phil knight has announced that he will step down as chief executive and president of the company. the 66 year old notified the company 's board of directors at
2			play			west brom play down robson appraoch west bromwich albion are refusing to comment on reports they have approached bobby robson to take over at the hawthorns from sacked gary megson.
3			share	trading	stock	sale			reuters shares up on instinet sale rumors shares in reuters group plc rose thursday on speculation that its part owned stock trading network instinet group inc. is up for sale.
4			software			computer associates set for criminal arraignment computer associates international inc., the software maker under investigation for a $ 2.2 billion accounting fraud, is scheduled to be arraigned in us criminal court today, and former
4			server	standard	enterprise			dell blades cut deeper to data centers dell computer re energized its enterprise class blade server strategy on monday, rolling out a new architecture that supports up to 10 servers in a seven unit chassis that can fit into a standard size rack.
3			good			lycos screensaver tackles spam websites striking out against spammers sounds good already! lycos have developed a screensaver that should help to put the nasty blighters out of business.
4			suite	human	upgrade	vendor	application			sap to deliver hr upgrade for u.s. postal service the u.s. postal service is about to get a $ 35 million web based human resources application makeover, based on the mysap business suite from applications vendor sap ag.
3			sale			bhutan forbids all tobacco sales a ban on the sale of all tobacco products comes into force in the remote himalayan kingdom of bhutan.
3			pharmaceutical	investment	investor			ubs global criticizes proposed mylan king deal washington an investment firm has told mylan laboratories that a proposed acquisition of king pharmaceuticals is not in the best interests of investors.
2			basketball	season	jim	coach	game			bibby out as coach at usc henry bibby was fired monday as the men 's basketball coach at southern california. the move came four games into his ninth season, and assistant jim saia was appointed the trojans interim coach for the rest of the season.
3			drink	profit	earnings	sale	dow	gain			update: us wine unit bruises foster 's annual earnings melbourne dow jones australian drinks company foster 's group ltd. said tuesday that annual net profit rose 73 as gains from the sale of its local pub assets
1			crisis			ahern apologises to paisley irish premier bertie ahern has apologised to ian paisley in a bid to halt a new row over ira disarmament turning into a political crisis, it has been claimed.
4			ship	technology	storage			hitachi readies notebook serial ata hard drives hitachi global storage technologies hgst this week said it will ship a line of serial ata hard drives designed for notebook usage in q4.
4			copyright	system	technology	series			p to p backers propose new distribution models a complete rewrite of the u.s. copyright system was just one proposal aired thursday during a contentious series of panel discussions at a u.s. federal trade commission ftc workshop on peer to peer technology.
4			system	software	flaw			ford dumps $ 200m oracle system ford has ditched oracle 's online purchasing system everest, because of flaws in the software. the car manufacturer has reportedly spent more than $ 200m trying to get the system to work since it bought it in 2000.
3			growth			soybean rust invades us the first us cases of soybean rust, a fungus that hinders plant growth and drastically cuts crop production, were found at two research sites in louisiana, officials said wednesday.
4			identification	technology	frequency			rfid signal strong in 2005 radio frequency identification technology is going to ring in the new year in more ways than one.
4			science	technology	series			x prize for world's 'holy grails' a series of x prizes for breakthroughs in science or technology that solve the world's greatest challenges are planned.
2			season	game	title			pick a number, it 's sequel season the sequel is king, and games with titles like the sims 2, burnout 3 and myst iv receive far more attention than those increasingly rare games with no pedigree.
4			graphic	software			corel buys paint shop pro maker jasc corel corporation has bought jasc software, the publishers of the highly rated paintshop pro graphics software. the buy out strengthens corel 's already strong presence in the pc graphics market particularly
3			investment			2004 global nanotech spending report lux research inc., a new york based nanotechnology firm has released a detailed report that suggests global spending on research and capital investment in nanotechnology will reach $ 8.6 this year. more than half that figure, $ 4.6 billion, will come in the ...
4			system			new defense consortium aims for greater systems interoperability the network centric operations industry consortium, an international group of 28 defense oriented companies, hopes to create a network centric framework that allows a variety of communications and information systems and sensors to interact globally.
4			team	software	erp	application			sap, hp team on hosted erp offering german software giant sap ag is teaming with hewlett packard co. hp to offer midmarket companies in the u.s. a hosted software offering that includes applications, maintenance, services, and support for a monthly fee.
1			party	talk			canada bank, banknorth talk $ 2b deal canada 's toronto dominion bank said wednesday it is in talks with us based banknorth group about a possible deal, while a published report said the two parties are in advanced negotiations that could lead to a $ 2.
2			player	medal	team			yao thinks chinese players need more work yao ming believes his teammates on the chinese national team need to get stronger and smarter in order to compete for a medal at the 2008 olympics, though he wouldn't go so far as to endorse the solution offered by del harris.
3			shareholder			gold fields shareholders must reject bid south african gold analyst for tlotlisa securities nick goodwin on friday recommended to his clients, that are gold fields gfi shareholders, that based on various metrics that compare harmony 's
3			investor			intel: the return of stuart smalley intel smiles and proclaims all is well. or is it a daily affirmation designed to keep angry investors at bay?
2			medal	match			fish founders late, settles for silver with mardy fish leading two sets to one against an opponent who seemed to be weakening and perhaps coming up lame, the gold medal match was his to lose yesterday.
3			investor			i lied, says sacked peoplesoft chief craig conway, former peoplesoft ceo, admitted he misled investors when he said people had lost interest in oracle 's bid for his company.
4			management	technology	identity			trusecure, betrusted merge to form cybertrust cybertrust will combine identity management and pki products from betrusted, risk management and compliance services from trusecure, and intrusion detection and prevention technology from ubizen, a subsidiary of betrusted.
2			medal	team	championship			u.s. continues to dominate without injured phelps the u.s. team continued to dominate the world short course championships friday, claiming five gold medals without the help of michael phelps after he was forced out of the meeting with an injured back.
2			champion	tour	win	second	sport			stadler wins again pebble beach, ca sports network craig stadler won for the second consecutive week on the champions tour when he captured the first tee open at pebble beach on sunday.
4			un	technology			european heavyweights give iran last chance to come clean on ... vienna : europe 's three heavyweight states are to give iran a last chance prove it is not secretly developing atomic weapons, offering valuable nuclear technology as a carrot and possible un sanctions as the stick.
2			season			missouri's season of hope disappears one miserable month has wiped away all the promise missouri started with this season.
4			developer	mac	version			november harvest for cherryos the cherryos mac emulator will be released late next month, the developer promises. and the pre release version in circulation? it's not the real thing, he says. by leander kahney.
4			desktop	java	system	software	version			sun releases solaris based desktop software java desktop system version 2 sneaks onto the market only two months ahead of version 3's due date.
3			earnings			brief: peoplesoft revises q3 earnings up peoplesoft has increased its earnings results for the third quarter after recalculating the income tax benefit related to the severance package for its former ceo, craig conway.
3			fund	stock	holding			smart money why not take advantage of all the information available on how mutual fund managers are investing money? a year ago we offered a template to copycat the best pros. the idea was simple: take the portfolios of the longtime star fund managers and see which stocks they have in common. the thesis was that stocks liked by an assortment of smart guys must be stocks worth holding.
4			low	processor	hardware	protection	virus	technology			transmeta claims anti virus first with new processor com. using 90nm processes and antivirusnx technology, transmeta claims it 's the first low power x86 based processor to provide hardware support for the anti virus protection enabled by xp 's sp2.
4			play	ibm	platform	processor			ibm makes a power play ibm nyse: ibm has established a new global organization to push the company's power processor platform, with an emphasis on establishing a foothold in the potentially lucrative chinese i.t. market.
2			tournament	top	score	player	cell	game			mobile games get fancier, more social who says solitaire must be a lonely endeavor? games tailored for cell phones are increasingly adding community oriented elements, such as tournaments for top scores, head to head combat or chatting with other players.
4			developer	patent	software	source			torvalds denounces eu patent law three prominent open source software developers have urged the eu to reject a law that would codify the practice of granting software patents in europe.
4			system	hacker	researcher	database			researcher says hacked data stored properly a connecticut researcher on leave at uc berkeley said friday she tried to follow all the rules when she stored a confidential database on a campus computer system that was broken into by a hacker.
4			development	source	version			firefox 1.0 open source web browser after a year in development, the mozilla foundation has finally released the full official version of its already popular open source web browser, firefox.
2			player	win			don't marginalize the players sometimes how you win is as significant as whether you win. sunday was not one of those days.
2			leader	high	game	race			marathon leader attacked, but result stands brazilian vanderlei de lima was tonight involved in the first high profile security breach of the olympic games as a spectator watching the mens marathon accosted the long time race leader.
3			share	profit	earnings	rise	retailer			lowe's sees profit rising in 2005, 2006 home improvement retailer lowe's cos. on tuesday said it expects diluted earnings per share rising in both 2005 and 2006 as it benefits from increased remodeling activity and a rise in home ownership.
4			software	microsoft	developer			microsoft asks appeals court in europe to delay punishment microsoft warned a european appeals court that software developers and consumers would face dire consequences should it be penalized.
4			user	software	president	project			borland stresses easing software project burdens borland with its software delivery optimization sdo plan is looking to enable users to manage software projects like a business, borlands boz elloy, senior vice president of software
4			user	tool	microsoft			microsoft unveils new communication, blog tools microsoft corp. unveiled on wednesday a new set of web based services allowing users of its msn service to publish and track each other's blogs, or online journals.
2			fan	final	team			olympic diary: day 12 brazilian fans got a little bit too excited during the final of the women 's beach volleyball competition. seeing that their team of shelda bede and adriana behar was struggling
2			golf	sport			ashworth's beyond the fairway the leading golf wear designer is looking to expand its sports apparel reach.
2			coach	football			jol pledges to adhere to tradition martin jol would embrace tottenham 's tradition of flowing, passing football if he is appointed as the full time replacement for departed head coach jacques santini.
2			injury	team	club	juventus	play	captain	knee	match	sport			nedved just taking a break from international play prague, czech republic sports network juventus star and czech national team captain pavel nedved will sit out international matches until he completely recovers from a knee injury, even though he is still playing for his club team juventus.
2			champion	williams	sport			can klitschko establish himself as the best against williams? december 8, 2004. vitali klitschko is recognized by ring magazine as the heavyweight champion of the world. hbo sports would also like you to believe it.
4			microsoft	feature	version			microsoft takes aim at intuit with 'magellan' new version of microsoft office for small businesses to include more accounting and customer information features.
3			sale			company making fake urine for research synthetic urine, which sounds like something more likely to generate snickers than sales, is turning into a small success for a kansas company.
2			movie	game			halo 2 released early but... those looking the obtain the most anticipated movie, album or game before anyone else have sought such information on various internet mediums.
3			sale			ex mcafee exec settles insider trade case criminal charges were filed tuesday against a former executive at network associates inc., alleging he illegally profited from advance knowledge of a massive sales shortfall in 2000.
4			software	microsoft	patch			your regularly scheduled software patch oracle follows microsoft and decides to roll patches out on a monthly timetable, but does that make customers more secure?
4			technology	generation			studios snub sony dvd format three hollywood studios have chosen to embrace next generation dvd technology backed by toshiba, snubbing a rival product promoted by sony.
4			supply	identification	frequency	value	technology			wherenet adds biz rules to rfid the first indication that the value of rfid radio frequency identification will extend beyond the supply warehouse was shown last week by wherenet, a provider of wireless location and communications technology.
3			shareholder	management	share			major peoplesoft shareholder plans not to tender private capital management lp, which owns nearly a tenth of hostile takeover target peoplesoft inc., psft.o: quote, profile, research said on tuesday that it will not tender its shares to oracle corp.
1			affair			pitcairn father fell in love with 13 year old one of the principal defendants in the pitcairn island sex abuse trials pleaded guilty to three charges yesterday but claimed to have been in love with a 13 year old girl with whom he had a long affair.
2			soccer	football			soccer to become football in australia soccer will officially become football in australia next year after the australian soccer association announced thursday it will change its name to football federation australia.
4			speed	microsoft	amd	technology	institute	scientist			internet2 sets new data speed record scientists at cern european organisation for nuclear research , the california institute of technology caltech , amd, cisco, microsoft research, newisys, and s2io have successfully tested a new internet2 land speed record.
4			development			nokia near field communications by guest contributor josh pereira. nokia announced today their latest development in mobile communications, the nokia nfc shell nfc standing for near field communications .
3			dealer	share	trading	sale			reuters up on report instinet up for sale shares in global news and information provider reuters group plc rose to their highest level since april after a report thursday that the firm may sell its u.s. electronic trading subsidiary, dealers said.
2			play	coach			bad words, worse analysis when an analyst or play by play man does not take a stand against bad behavior by an athlete, coach or manager, he is endorsing it.
2			basketball	tournament	team			us basketball not only struggling team take heart, larry brown. yours is not the sole face of frustration at an olympic basketball tournament that 's shaping up as the most compelling since 1988.
3			shareholder			lots of eyes on disney trial the courtroom drama of shareholders vs. disney 's battling mikes michael ovitz and michael eisner as become a can 't miss reality show for entertainment industry executives.
2			raven	club			ravens add ogden's younger brother to practice squad baltimore signed marques ogden, brother of ravens all pro tackle jonathan ogden to the club's practice squad on tuesday.
1			concern	election			e voting machine crash deepens concerns a computer crash that forced a pre election test of electronic voting machines to be postponed was trumpeted by critics as proof of the balloting technology's unreliability.
3			enterprise	profit	share	rise			playboy posts profit, shares rise playboy enterprises inc. pla.n: quote, profile, research , the adult entertainment company, on tuesday reported a third quarter profit, reversing a year earlier loss
1			talk			td, banknorth in talks on possible deal canada 's toronto dominion bank quote, profile, research said on wednesday that it is in talks with us based banknorth group bnk.
1			leader			duceppe advocates new, pan american currency bloc quebecois leader gilles duceppe has issued a sweeping monetary and political blueprint, calling for a sovereign quebec and for replacing the canadian dollar with a new currency for north, central and south america.
2			piston	game	detroit			billups sits out because of ankle sprain detroit pistons guard chauncey billups missed saturday night's game against the utah jazz because of a sprained ankle.
3			growth			economy slows in third quarter the uk 's economic growth slowed in the third quarter as manufacturing output declined, preliminary data has shown. gross domestic output gdp increased 0.4 in the three months to 18 october, according to
1			victory	election			ukraine liberal vows demonstrations if cheated the liberal challenger in a closely fought presidential election in ukraine raised the stakes on friday, threatening to bring his supporters onto the streets if the authorities tried to deny him victory by cheating.
4			play	software	technology			software for drummers and strummers if one of your new year's resolutions is to finally learn how to play an instrument, technology increasingly can help you get started.
3			growth	good	profit	high			sony cautious on profit growth in home electronics japan's sony corp. does not expect a sharp recovery in the profitability of its home electronics business during the crucial october to december quarter, citing high costs to develop flat panel televisions and a shrinking market for home audio goods.
2			game			argonaut founder rebuilds empire the founder of argonaut games went into administration a week ago has bought back most of the group.
4			good	software	engineer			bosch to hire 600 software engineers in india by next year german maker of car parts and electrical household goods robert bosch said it will hire 600 software professionals by next year at its indian software and engineering centre.
3			profit			marks spencer dumps execs marks spencer reported after tax profits of $ 260 million for the six month period ending october 2nd, compared to $ 436 million a year earlier.
4			space	system			iss crew to be replaced on october 11 the international space station iss crew will stay in orbit for two days longer than planned, itar tass told today. the launching of the soyuz tma 5 spaceship has been postponed from october 9 to october 11 due to problems with the docking system.
2			league	baseball	player	game	exhibition	sport			sport by sport stoppages chronology march 31 player representatives of the major league baseball players association, in a 47 0 vote, authorize a strike to begin april 1. all 12 exhibition games for that day are canceled.
2			player			john player to lay off 90 workers the tobacco firm john player sons has announced plans to lay off 90 workers at its cigarette factory in dublin. the company said it was planning a phased closure of the factory between now and february as part of a review of its global operations.
2			coach	tournament	sport			coach says khan will only get better already the revelation of the olympic boxing tournament, amir khan can only improve and might become one of the sport 's greatest names, the briton 's coach says.
4			system	crm	application	enterprise			siebel releases flood of bi applications capitalizing on the current trend within the enterprise to reduce the number of applications to support, siebel systems on monday unveiled a package of business analytics solutions that can be deployed by it as both extensions to current crm applications or as stand alone programs.
4			user	standard			google print: google 's answer to google founders larry page and sergey brin have unveiled google print, a tech service that will let users view book excerpts in the standard google web page search results.
4			slowdown	technology			slowdown forces many to wander for work information technology workers face rising unemployment and are having mobility thrust upon them as companies change the way they staff computer related jobs.
4			development			iran makes uranium breakthrough iran has admitted processing several tonnes of raw yellowcake uranium, a key stage in the development of weapons grade nuclear material.
4			system			linksys goes dual band on wi fi with its eyes on the future of home entertainment and a relatively uncluttered band of radio spectrum, cisco systems' linksys division on wednesday unveiled a line of ieee 802.11g a wireless lan products.
1			fighting			disabled americans are pleased with e voting while many voter rights' advocates are fighting to decertify electronic voting machines, arguing that they're not reliable, one bloc remains steadfast behind the new equipment disabled voters who say the machines give them long denied privacy.
4			system	content			turner to provide content for net tv co. akimbo systems inc., a startup that plans to deliver video over the internet to television sets, has signed a deal for mainstream content from time warner inc.'s turner broadcasting system.
4			tool	standard	terrorist			the call is cheap. the wiretap is extra. t first glance, it might seem like the simple extension of a standard tool in the fight against the bad guys. but in fact, wiretapping internet phones to monitor criminals and terrorists is costly
3			decline	sale	stock			us chip related stocks including intel decline in europe us chip related stocks, including intel corp., declined after advanced micro devices inc. said third quarter sales fell from the preceding period.
1			leader	high	minister			uma happy and in high spirits: sushma swaraj dharwad, aug. 28 pti : senior bjp leader sushma swaraj, today said former madhya pradesh chief minister uma bharti, was happy, in very high spirits and is determined to remain in jail as long as the state government wants her to be .
4			british	technology			lucent to deploy fixed mobile network in isle of man london lucent technologies inc. said it plans to deploy a converged fixed mobile network for british based mm02 plc subsidiary manx telecom covering the isle of man.
1			beat	politics	president			beat the analysts to lucent 's tax news it 's a sleepy thursday in the biggest summer vacation week in the year. almost nobody 's around. anyone who is around is focused on politics and the president 's speech tonight.
3			growth			dell, hp lead growth in pc market the global pc market continued to grow in the third quarter, according to reports from analyst firms international data corp. and gartner inc.
1			talk			south africans seized at talks with unionists in zimbabwe zimbabwe immigration officers seized 13 members of a south african trade union delegation on tuesday as they met with their zimbabwean counterparts in harare, then
4			technology			breakthrough keyboard technology for smaller handsets suretype effectively converges a phone keypad and a qwerty keyboard to fit elegantly within the size constraints of a traditional mobile phone form factor.
4			retailer	technology			google steals a page from amazon's book search google inc. on wednesday introduced a new search technology to help publishers sell books online, a fast growing market dominated by internet retailer
2			medal	team			possible eighth medal chance for phelps michael phelps's chances of winning a record eight medals at the athens olympics were given a big boost on thursday when u.s. team officials said he might swim the heats of the 4x100 medley relay.
1			election	project			canadian observer labels ukraine elections grotesquely fraudulent edmonton cp canadians sent to observe elections in ukraine saw campaign tents fire bombed and heard of voters being roughed up while trying to cast ballots, says the edmonton lawyer who headed up a monitoring project.
2			player	fan	game			fans rush to create mods for long awaited doom 3 activision 's doom 3, which launched earlier this month, wasn 't on store shelves for three days before players started creating their own modifications known as mods o the game.
4			system	fund			weapons of mass mobilization a quiet couple in berkeley, california, got sick of being ignored by the system. so they built a new one. how changed the face of fund raising, brought p2p to political advertising and reinvented grass roots activism. by gary wolf from wired magazine.
2			game			briefly: tv chip company gets $ 19 million roundup plus: oracle extends deadline on peoplesoft sells game clips for 99 hires marketing time for california swappers?
3			stock			stocks to watch on thursday, dec. 9 xilinx inc. :
3			growth			eu seeks revamp budget pact the european commission on friday suggested ways of revamping the eu 's stability and growth pact and said the proposed changes would restore the credibility of its much flouted budget discipline rules.
4			exchange	technology			case centers on saudi arabia bribery investigation the former chairman of lucent technologies and two other past employees likely will face civil enforcement actions by the securities and exchange commission in connection with a bribery investigation in saudi arabia, the company
2			medal	game			olympics: games close with drama down to last medal greece staged an exuberant closing ceremony on sunday to bring the curtain down on the athens games, which took the olympics back to their roots and provided drama right down to the last gold medal.
4			system	software	server	veritas	application	version			veritas releases opforce 4.0 veritas software on monday will announce a new version of its opforce provisioning software designed to make it easier for administrators to install and manage applications, as well as operating systems, on servers.
3			stock			stocksview: retail spurs wall st. upturn it's beginning to look a lot like christmas on wall street: retail stocks have been glowing for more than a month.
4			high	standard	technology			sony develops new chip for more real and refined high definition video drc was developed in 1997 as a technology that changed a standard television signal format to a high definition signal format, based on the concept of establishing a higher definition signal format from scratch. the foundation of this technology was ...
4			user	technology	source			firefox toolbar: a set of search toolbars for mozilla users firefox toolbar: a set of search toolbars for mozilla users yet another search toolbar! but fortunately unlike most internet explorer only toolbars it is for the users of the alternate open source browser firefox and mozilla. firefox toolbar is a set of free toolbars made by a company called vpop technologies ...
2			tour	license	team	sport			uci refuses license for tyler hamilton 's phonak team olympic gold medalist tyler hamilton 's pro cycling team was refused a racing license tuesday by the sport 's world governing body, prohibiting it from competing in the tour de france and other elite events.
4			brussels	technology			eu clears flextronics buy of nortel units brussels ap european union regulators on friday cleared the acquisition by singapore's flextronics international ltd. of manufacturing actives from nortel networks corp., canada's largest technology company.
4			player	ipod	technology	share			creative plans mp3 marketing blitz against ipod creative technology will spend us $ 100 million next year to market its portable media devices in a worldwide campaign to grab market share from apple computer and its popular ipod player.
4			user	virus	mac	system			mac virus alert users details at risk security experts say these traits are common among the thousands of viruses targeting microsofts ubiquitous windows operating system but are virtually unheard of amongst the apple macintosh community.
4			percent	technology			bluetooth roadmap includes performance, security with more than 3 million bluetooth enabled products shipping every week and analyst predictions that 13 percent of mobile phones sold worldwide this year will include the short range wireless technology, the bluetooth special interest group has laid out a
3			investor	earnings			fastenal quick to please investors the earnings information the company offers ranges as wide as its product line.
4			software	microsoft			microsoft in tune with digital music software giant microsoft is casting its sights on the digital media marketplace by positioning itself as pro consumer choice.
4			grid	enterprise	vendor	president	standard	computing			q a: grid alliance president on winning enterprise converts the enterprise grid alliance, whose mission is to push the adoption of grid computing, is working on standards and specifications to make it easier to deploy vendor products in a grid environment, according to ega president donald deutsch.
3			profit	sale			colgate plans to cut about 4,400 jobs colgate palmolive, which makes consumer products including ajax detergent and irish spring soap, plans to cut its work force by about 4,400 jobs as part of a restructuring plan aimed at boosting its sales and profits around the world.
4			system			turner in deal with akimbo for video on demand akimbo, a provider of video on demand services via the internet, on monday said turner broadcasting system inc. agreed to provide akimbo subscribers with programming from networks such as cnn and cartoon network.
2			standard	sport			pinsent set for role with ioc matthew pinsent has already been guaranteed an influential position in the international olympic committee following his expected retirement from rowing, standard sport can reveal today.
4			sport	networking	technology	code			for symbol, the future is at hand symbol technologies inc. is betting big on a new class of small pcs by introducing a durable business based model that sports internet phone and wireless networking capabilities, plus a bar code scanner or digital camera.
4			investor	round	technology	developer			rss attracts really serious money really simple syndication technology, which lets news junkies get instant info feeds from multiple sites, is grabbing investors' attention. the latest evidence: a multimillion dollar funding round for rss developer technorati. by daniel terdiman.
2			game			beastie boys embark on traveling 'pageant' the members of beastie boys are flashing liquor and cash while betting on a street level parlor game with a jewish twist...
2			game	penalty			governor wants fines for selling violent games to kids illinois governor rod blagojevich wants tougher penalties aimed at keeping violent and sexually explicit video games out of the hands of kids.
2			champion	team	top	trophy	captain			ponting questions format captain ricky ponting has questioned how much smaller teams can benefit from playing against the top teams in the icc champions trophy.
2			sport			carmakers excessive spending hurts f1, says mosley world motorsport head max mosley has fired a salvo at formula one carmakers in the wake of ford 's decision to quit, accusing some of damaging the sport by throwing money at it.
2			medal	match			fish founders late, settles for silver with mardy fish leading two sets to one against an opponent who seemed to be weakening and perhaps coming up lame, the gold medal match was his to lose yesterday.
2			league	hockey	management	nhl	season	player	gain	sport			nhl to lock out players on thursday the national hockey league is locking out its players starting thursday, threatening to keep the sport off the ice for the entire 2004 05 season and perhaps beyond in an effort by management to gain massive change in the sport's economic structure.
4			software			fsf faces new gpl challenges after 13 years, the free software foundation will update the gpl, and the to do list is a long one.
3			finance			ask the post jill dutt, assistant managing editor for financial news, takes your questions on the washington post's coverage of business and finance.
1			president			cognos reassigns new exec after indictment cognos this week announced that andrew cahill, who was a senior vice president at the company, has been reassigned to other duties at cognos after being indicted by the u.s. department of justice in connection with activities at his previous employer.
3			war	sale			star wars dvds break sales record the dvds of the original star wars trilogy break a uk sales record after one day of release.
4			software	microsoft	code			microsoft appeals eu ruling the company will fight the order to reveal its software code to rivals. also: startup wants google to feel outdated hellip;. sony plasters europe with walkmans hellip;. and more.
3			listing	share			google set to list as soon as wednesday google inc.'s hotly anticipated share listing appears set to launch as early as wednesday.
4			grid	microsystems	tool	management	technology	storage			sun, hp focus on san management sun microsystems inc. and hewlett packard co. are both building storage virtualization tools and storage grid technology to help customers drive adaptable intelligence and unified management deeper into multivendor storage environments.
2			play	team	football			state of virginia, not florida, setting pace as expected, two teams from the same state sit atop the atlantic coast conference football standings with less than a month to play.
3			retailer			ahold settles with dutch prosecutors retailer ahold reached an 8 million euros $ 9.85 million settlement with dutch public prosecutors over charges of publishing false accounts.
4			high	speed	technology			semiconductors offer a new way to cut the cord electronic devices are starting to come equipped with a short range, high speed wireless radio technology known as ultrawideband.
3			sale			keeping an eye on movado movado is worth watching because its acquisition of ebel should boost international sales.
4			use	software			tech 2005: what's new and what's next the products you use are about to get smarter, faster, smaller, cheaper, and more colorful. here's your guide to what's ahead in pcs, software, mobile gadgets, home electronics, and more.
4			generation			cio hiring, recruiting evolve as job duties change it executives must learn business skills, and how to teach those skills to the next generation of managers. too many look outside for help instead of training their own.
4			space	system	genesis	project			connecticut based company engineered parachute system the parachute re entry system for the failed genesis space capsule was one of several projects designed and developed by a connecticut based aerospace company.
2			sale	toyota	sport			toyota us sales surge in september toyota motor sales usa inc. on friday said strong demand for toyota cars and record sales of lexus sport utility vehicles drove a 10.
4			crm	microsoft	system	software	management			cisco ties microsoft crm to your phone system in an effort to integrate its ip based communications products with microsoft customer relationship management software, cisco systems today announced the cisco crm communications connector.
2			nation	race			long shadow hard to eclipse seven of the best 3 year olds in the nation will race in today's 135th travers stakes at saratoga, but one horse who is not here, smarty jones, has cast a long shadow over the $ 1 million event.
4			design	technology			anteon gets defense contract the us joint forces command has awarded a $ 29 million contract to design, establish and maintain a joint advanced training technology laboratory to anteon international corp.
4			space	winner	nasa	technology			x prize winner says nasa needs another von braun the man who pierced the barrier of manned commercial spaceflight thinks the problem with space travel today is not so much technology but drive and inspiration.
4			texas	technology			in texas, 28,000 students test an electronic eye hoping to prevent the loss of a child, a few schools have begun monitoring students' arrivals and departures using technology similar to that used to track livestock.
2			team	good	football			getting it together the trouble with a good, or perhaps great, college football team is the competition, or the lack of it. take no. 1 southern california, for example.
4			point	system	vendor	alternative	access			wi fi jacks may lead to cheaper networks businesses looking to deploy wireless lans will soon have an alternative to installing access points on the ceiling. aruba wireless networks, a wi fi systems vendor, and ortronics inc.
4			technique	good			weekend warriors in test of technique and temperament the breeze barely tickled the flags around the first tee, the weather was warming and the air light. the greens were true and gave good grip to approaches.
4			crime	region	technology	identity			online identity theft a growing criminal problem in asia: idc online theft of financial information from individuals has become one of the fastest growing non violent crimes in the asia pacific region, technology research house idc says.
4			technique	design	supercomputer	earth			study: supercomputer clusters shortchange security group says popular technique threatens u.s. security by sidelining other approaches more suited to decryption and the like. br photo: ibm's unusual design br photos: the fastest computer on earth for now
4			cell	scientist	development			from cell phone to sunflower scientists said on monday they have come up with a cell phone cover that will grow into a sunflower when thrown away. materials company pvaxx research development, at
4			standard	technology	mode			intel adds tri mode intel announced a new tri mode wireless module supporting ieee standards 802.11a, b and g for notebooks based on intel centrino mobile technology.
1			minister	finance			ontario finance minister says deficit is unchanged at c $ 2.2 bln ontario finance minister greg sorbara said government spending and revenue rose almost equally in the first six months of the fiscal year, leaving the provincial budget deficit unchanged
1			president			chief of partnership to resign thirteen years after leading the charge to diversify boston's corporations, benaree wiley, president and chief executive of the partnership, is stepping down to devote more time to personal interests.
4			grid	design	ibm	emc	technology	vendor	computing	storage			emc taps longtime ibm veteran jeffrey nick for cto position storage vendor emc corp. today named jeffrey nick as its chief technology officer. nick is an ibm veteran who helped design the company 's on demand computing initiative and led its grid computing strategy.
2			play	player	game	chris			game mixes racing and role play in street racing syndicate, a video game scheduled for release at the end of the month, players can test their role playing mettle in the illegal street racing scene without the nasty risk of going to jail. a review by chris kohler.
4			cell			rfid cell phones take shape at nokia the cell phone maker is working on a phone that uses controversial microchips used to store product information and signal their location.
4			system			have you called your car lately? the viper g.p.s. tracking system can be reached by the internet or a cellphone.
4			technique	telescope			radio astronomers remove the blindfold uk radio astronomers at the jodrell bank observatory, working with colleagues from europe and the usa, have demonstrated a new technique that will revolutionise the way they observe. to create the very best quality images of the sky, they routinely combine data from multiple telescopes from around the world a technique called very long baseline interferometry vlbi ...
4			use	system	broadband			cisco to power indian ethernet one of india 's leading telecommunications providers will use cisco systems gear to build its new ethernet based broadband network.
1			leader	province			compatriots urged to battle chen 's moves the people of taiwan province were called on monday to join with their mainland compatriots in the fight to safeguard national unity and counter taiwan leader chen shui bian 's splittist moves.
4			talk	software			eu still in talks with oracle the european commission is still in talks with oracle corp over its plan to take over rival software firm peoplesoft inc. , but aims to take a decision before the end of october, a commission spokeswoman said on friday.
2			fan	club			wolves door still open for megson wolves chairman rick hayward today performed a remarkable about turn and hinted that he could be ready to defy molineux fans by bringing in former west brom boss gary megson as the club 's new manager.
3			investment			despite mega deals, small mergers rule despite the euphoria of one of the busiest weeks in u.s. mergers and acquisitions in almost five years, wall street investment bankers cannot live by mega deals alone.
4			feature			what is a search engine? what is a search engine? all search engines start with a search box , which is sometimes the main focus of the site, e.g. , ; sometimes the search box is just one feature of a portal site, e.g. , just type in your search phrase and click the ...
4			system	ibm	server			ibm introduces new blade servers ibm has introduced six new models in its bladecenter server line, including five new hs20 models and a new js20 blade server. the intel based hs20 systems now are equipped with two new, compact
2			player	coach	football	hall			marino and young head hall of fame nomination list former all pro quarterbacks dan marino and steve young, both first year eligible candidates, head a list of 89 former players, coaches, and contributors who comprise a list of preliminary nominees for enshrinement to the pro football hall of fame's class of 2005.
2			game	title			blizzard dates world of warcraft in us and down under blizzard has finally confirmed a launch date for its long awaited massively multiplayer title world of warcraft, with north america, australia and new zealand all getting the game on november 23rd.
4			war	technology	sears			sears goes to lands end to boost web site sears roebuck and co. goofed its rollout of lands end apparel in sears stores, but it 's counting on winning the online war with lands end 's unique shopping technology.
3			enterprise			hp: the adaptive enterprise that can't adapt opinion sap hardly to blame
1			player	election	president	minister			hectic parleys on for crucial bcci elections kolkata: with only two days to go for the crucial elections to the coveted post of the president of the cash rich bcci here, hectic parleys are on by the lead players including union food and agriculture minister sharad pawar to drum up the requisite
4			talk	technology			fiserv in talks for australian pact fiserv inc., a provider of information technology services to the financial industry, on friday said it is negotiating a deal to manage a proposed check processing joint venture with three of australia 's largest banks.
3			share			icahn offers nearly $ 5 billion for mylan financier carl icahn on friday offered to buy the shares of generic drugmaker mylan laboratories that he does not already own for $ 4.9 billion, or $ 20 a share, according to a government filing.
2			football	team	streak	season	james	game			the view from 217 virginia tech edition riding a ten game regular season winning streak, ranked 6th nationally by the associated press, and coming off a lackluster performance against 1 aa james madison, the mountaineers showed they have a long way to go to even be a decent football team, much
2			team	top	win			tomahawk chopped virginia was ranked higher than florida state and looking for its first road win against a top 10 team.
2			football	team	good	win	player			inside the lockerroom i don 't know what to say. you have to give ohio state a lot of credit. they re a good football team. i m proud of them the players ; they fought back to give us an opportunity to win but we didn 't get it done at the end.
2			career			anderson in frame after a change of luck at last russell anderson is right not to dwell on why he has been given the opportunity to revive his scotland career since it means risking being seen as someone revelling in the misfortune of others.
4			software	content	access			nokia lets parents filter out mobile smut phone maker debuts software that gives parents more control over content that children access on cellular devices.
4			speed			internet 's speed increases as it turns 35 years old as the internet turned 35 last week, web speed demons claimed a new record for how fast data can be transmitted over computer networks, announcing they had sent the equivalent of a big fat
1			leader	project			google announces search deal with seven libraries web search leader google inc. goog.o: quote, profile, research said late on monday it is working on a project to digitally scan the collections at seven libraries and will make
2			ball	team	night	victory	player	england	stadium	fan	game	exhibition			racist taunts at england spain fans taunted black players on england 's team wednesday night during spain 's 1 0 victory in an exhibition game. fans at the santiago bernabeu stadium made monkey sounds whenever shaun wright phillips and ashley cole had the ball.
3			fund	share			karstadtquelle sheds starbucks venture, to sell bonds karstadtquelle ag, germany 's biggest department store operator, agreed to sell its share of a venture to starbucks corp. and said it plans to issue at least 125 million euros $ 163 million in convertible bonds to fund an overhaul.
3			good	export			eu lifts u.s. sanctions, contests taxes the eu called off its sanctions on 4 billion worth of u.s. goods on monday after washington repealed illegal export tax subsidies, bringing some balm to transatlantic ties wounded by a battle over airbus and boeing.
4			tool	technology	brain			new tools to help patients reclaim damaged senses an astonishing new technology allows one set of sensory information to substitute for another in the brain.
4			united	british	technology			kidde opens books to united technologies kidde plc, a british fire and safety equipment maker, agreed wednesday to open its books to united technologies corp. after receiving a new takeover offer from the us engineering giant.
4			election	technology			week in review: election takes center stage the presidential election took center stage this week, with technology playing a role everywhere from e voting machines to web sites that tracked the election results.
2			leader	detroit	lion	season	park	game	career	sport			porcher retires early from lions allen park, mi sports network robert porcher, detroit 's all time sack leader, retired monday. the defensive end, who was inactivate for all seven games this season, posted 95 1 2 career sacks.
4			content			sprint picks apple for content sprint and apple have announced a partnership designed to get content providers to connect to pcs vision subscribers via quicktime.
4			linux	platform	standard			linux standard base is exactly what platform needs opinion: to keep linux on the right path to the enterpise, the new standard base is essential.
2			basketball	generation	medal	run	player	sport			younger players will lead next run for basketball gold staley 's generation set the tone for america 's dominance of women 's basketball. she was hoisted off her feet by a player who represents the future of the sport, a generation that will be charged with keeping the gold medals coming.
2			career			aussies take control of test the tweaking of a temperamental hamstring could have ended darren lehmann 's test career as he and damien martyn yesterday pushed australia towards indian glory.
4			software	hardware	developer			developers to gather at intel forum this week, chip giant intel is hosting its twice a year intel developer forum, where pc hardware and software developers will hear the company 's plans for future products.
3			buying	software	president	enterprise			oracle is in a buying mood, its president says as oracle corp. pushes forward with its hostile bid to acquire rival enterprise software maker peoplesoft inc. for $ 7.7 billion, it is also sizing up further acquisition options, according to oracle president, charles phillips.
4			system	ship	microsoft	version			next windows version: 2006 target microsoft said on friday it will ship the next version of windows in 2006, but scaled back plans to include a new system for finding and storing information in its flagship operating system.
1			talk			banknorth, td bank are in talks canada 's td bank financial group is discussing a possible transaction with the northeast regional bank banknorth group inc.
1			parliament			praise the lords the law lords have produced a historic, landmark judgment upholding fundamental rights. it is a decision which demonstrates how vital it is for us all that an independent judiciary is able to scrutinise every act and decision of government and parliament.
2			game			music, games, porn vodafone launches 3g the uk 's biggest service provider, with million customers, is leading the 3g push with 10 new handsets, seven of which will be exclusive to vodafone with the sharp 902 debuting as europe 's first two megapixel camera phone.
3			value	profit	standard	stock			feds delay stock options rule for 6 months accounting rulemakers, pressed by both businesses and regulators, on wednesday decided to give public companies six more months to adopt a new standard for deducting from profits the value of stock options.
2			play	game			how to play it straight like the curse of the bambino, baseball's unwritten rules are still a part of the game.
4			user	software	development	language	application			i2 sets up software development operation in beijing composite applications require user interface work in native language, company says.
4			application	server			hp to tout itanium sap customers hewlett packard says nearly 200 of its customers using sap business applications have migrated to hp servers with itanium inside.
1			reform			spy agency reform thrown into doubt an agreement reached on saturday by congressional negotiators on post sept. 11 intelligence reforms was thrown into doubt by resistance by some republicans in the house of representatives.
1			party	politics	british			britain's conservatives struggling a decade ago, analysts were calling britain's conservative party the dominant force in 20th century british politics.
3			investor	sale			hungary's state airline for sale the hungarian authorities invite investors to bid for a 99 stake in the indebted national carrier.
1			president			gay ordination: obasanjo backs african bishops president olusegun obasanjo has praised anglican bishops from africa for what he called their principled stand against homosexuality.
4			system	upgrade	microsoft			microsoft delays upgrade redmond, washington microsoft has delayed the automated distribution of a major security upgrade to its windows xp professional computer operating system, citing a desire to give companies more time to test it.
4			system	linux	version			mandrake goes official with linux mandrakesoft has released mandrakelinux 10.1 official, the latest version of its linux operating system.
3			trader	share	price			google shares go crazy the price of google shares soared friday, evoking memories of the internet bubble among some wall street analysts and traders.
4			system	microsoft	mail	technology			microsoft regains aol's support for anti spam technology america online inc. said yesterday it is once again supporting a microsoft corp. plan to combat unwanted bulk e mail by verifying senders of messages, a move that could rekindle industry adoption of a new system for attacking spam.
4			play	system	software	microsoft			msn music gears up to play microsoft corp. long ago proved itself a dominant force in the software industry. but does a company known for pc operating systems and productivity software have the chops to make it in the music biz?
4			use	software			brief: fedex taps opsware to automate global data center operations fedex said today that it will use software from opsware inc. to help it make the most of its it resources.
4			microsoft	piracy	technology			microsoft looks to expand windows brand at home efforts by microsoft corp. msft and the pc industry to expand into to the living room will get a boost next week as they show off technologies that try to balance hollywood's piracy fears with the appeal of digital media.
3			good			this travel search site could go far svetlozar nestorov 's mobissimo aims to make the web 's massive travel deals and info much more accessible. he 's off to a good start.
3			investor			peoplesoft keeps up fight peoplesoft said thursday that it would begin meeting with investors to lobby for their rejection of oracle 's hostile $ 8.8 billion acquisition offer.
4			tool	microsoft			at last, a microsoft search tool microsoft will introduce its long awaited internet search engine on thursday, a person knowledgeable about the announcement said.
3			jean	profit			levi strauss posts profit levi strauss co. swung to a quarterly profit on tuesday, citing cost cuts and a weaker dollar as the struggling jeans maker closed out poor performing products to focus on its levi, dockers and lower priced signature brands.
1			sale	election			us exporters fume over delay of corporate tax bill while record trade deficits and lost manufacturing jobs are election year campaign issues, us exporters are fuming because congress has yet to change corporate tax laws that threaten their sales in europe, america 's biggest foreign market.
4			outsourcing	software	development			training seen as way to counter offshoring edward yourdon, a co founder of the cutter consortium, says in an upcoming book that the threat of offshore outsourcing isn't restricted to u.s. software development jobs but to all kinds of knowledge work.
3			growth	drop	enterprise			businesses: routers, shmouters after seeing revenue growth for five quarters in a row, waning interest in the enterprise market results in a drop.
1			parliament			political correctness gone mad the decision by the european parliament 's civil liberties committee to reject the nomination of rocco buttiglione as european commissioner for justice and security over his comments on homosexuality and marriage is very unfortunate.
4			system	origin			mathematicians crochet chaos mathematicians have made a model of the stable manifold of the origin of the lorenz system in crochet.
3			dealer	share			london shares close lower, with ny down amid mixed data over us economy leading shares closed in negative ground, while wall street was looking for direction over mixed data on the state of the us economy, dealers said.
3			sale			effort to renew weapons ban falters on hill despite popular support, the federal law banning the sale of 19 kinds of semiautomatic assault weapons is almost certain to expire on monday.
4			microsoft	technology			microsoft to preview new search engine microsoft corp., stepping up its efforts to compete with rival google inc., will offer consumers a preview of its technology for searching the internet, beginning thursday.
3			profit	earnings			earnings of electronics makers improve two japanese electronics makers reported improved fiscal first half earnings friday, with profits at hitachi ltd. surging nearly eight fold, while toshiba corp. rebounded to profitability from a loss the previous year.
4			system	microsystems	computing	version			sun to launch next version of solaris on nov. 15 sun microsystems inc. will formally launch the next major release of its flagship solaris operating system at a press event nov. 15 at the tech museum of innovation in san jose, california, company officials confirmed friday. the launch will be part of sun's quarterly network computing product announcement, which is expected to include new product offerings from a variety of sun's product groups.
3			chain			tesco launches online music store tesco nasdaq: tesof , the uk's biggest supermarket chain, has announced an online music service that it hopes will be able to rival apple's market leading itunes store.
4			processor	system	ibm	server	core	high			ibm transitions to power5 ibm next month will finish transitioning its core pseries and iseries server lines to the power5 chip when it starts shipping three new high end systems, two of which support as many as 64 processors.
2			morning	england	sport	series			zimbabweans left in the dark by a special correspondent in harare. these were the words of an advertisement for the series between zimbabwe and england, placed in the sports pages of thursday morning 's herald newspaper.
4			software			eu set to clear oracle 's $ 8 bn bid for peoplesoft the european commission is set to clear the $ 7.7 billion hostile takeover bid by oracle for rival software group peoplesoft in a move that is likely to pave the way for the creation of a new us software giant.
2			movie	game			on demand movies at 30,000 feet american airlines is offering passengers a dozen on demand movies, on demand audio channels, video games, audio books, and newspapers.
3			sale			daimler chrysler waiting for mercedes no. 5 automaker hurt by slow mercedes sales, but chrysler remains steady.
2			player	design	game			controlling the sims instead of genre staples such as lobbing grenades or casting spells, the game asked players to get excited about tasks such as personal hygiene and interior design.
4			processor	ibm	standard	server			ibm introduces powerful servers ibm has introduced three new power5 processor based servers that the company says outpace sun and hp in performance records and establish a new standard for server virtualization capabilities.
1			election			md. group finds problems with voting machines an organization that put more than 400 poll watchers in maryland precincts on election day reported tuesday that its volunteers found scattered problems with the state's electronic voting machines.
2			game			rocky bullwinkle headed for mobile phones mobile gaming company inks a deal to introduce ring tones and games based on the popular 1960s cartoon.
4			content	developer			napster to enter ringtone market with dwango mumbai: napster today announced that it has forged an agreement with dwango wireless, a leading mobile developer and publisher of entertainment content to launch napster mobile across major north american carriers.
2			league	final	marlin	team	baseball	game			expos lose to marlins 9 1 in team 's final home game in montreal the montreal expos, the first major league baseball team based outside of the us, lost to the florida marlins 9 1 in the their final home game in canada.
4			technology			looksmart buys com september 23, 2004, 9:53 am pt. there 's no doubt the internet will continue to make its mark in the world of business and technology.
3			profit	sale			daimlerchrysler operating profit increases to $ 1.7 billion in q3 total revenues increased by 2 to $ 43.3 billion, despite the appreciation of the euro against the us dollar, mainly due to higher unit sales.
4			system			lidar laser radar finding more uses if you've ever been pulled over for speeding, you may already know something about lidar. a laser based radar system, lidar can tell if you're speeding by bouncing a light beam off your car and seeing how quickly it returns. from an airplane or a satellite, lidar can calculate the distance to the ground, and by repeating the process millions of times as it flies over, map the lay of the land.
4			system	infrastructure			mayors agree to wait for gas tax revenue montreal mayor grald tremblay is back from toronto with a renewed vigour to improve his city 's aging infrastructure system.
4			system	microsystems	version			sun microsystems rolls out much awaited solaris 10 sun microsystems inc. on sunday introduced the long awaited next version of its operating system, solaris 10, which the network computer maker is betting on to help bring itself back to sustained profitability.
2			cricket	high	sport			bcci administrator mohan reports to madras high court: sports india, cricket: chennai, oct 11 : former supreme court judge s. mohan, appointed interim administrator of the indian cricket board by the madras high court, monday reported to the court about his being locked out of the board 's office in mumbai.
1			party	democrat	gain	election			election blow for hk democrats hong kong 's main pro democracy parties have made disappointing gains in legislative elections, adding just three seats to their tally.
4			software	upgrade	management	version	storage			ca upgrades brightstor line with gusto computer associates is not messing around with its storage management software line. the company this month will upgrade all 13 versions of the brightstor family, release a new product aimed at automating
4			party	system			supreme court takes up okla. voting case the supreme court agreed tuesday to decide if political parties can open their primaries to all voters, in a constitutional challenge to oklahoma's voting system.
4			tool	file	server			briefly: google tests froogle in u.k. roundup plus: senate postpones vote on file swapping may expand puerto rican also uses hitachi drives in servers, storage...microsoft boosts reporting tools.
4			processor	amd	management	technology			amd to provide on demand power management for the rack dense ... december 6, 2004 md announced the amd opteron processor family will include amd powernow! technology with optimised power management opm in the first half of 2005.
4			alternative			browsing for secure alternative browsers web browsers are our windows to the internet. they enable us to navigate about the internet with ease and they help secure us and protect our privacy when we conduct online transactions.
4			use	technology			maryland court rejects paper requirement for e voting a maryland county court yesterday rejected a challenge to the use of electronic voting machines that sought to allow voters to opt out of using the technology.
2			team	football			dogs bite wildcats move over, david carr and the 2001 fresno state gang of lore. this year 's team is quickly making its own mark in the college football world.
1			relation			china warns us against restricting imports of cotton trousers china has urged the us government not to limit imports of chinese cotton trousers, warning such moves would violate wto principles of free textile trade and hurt trade relations.
4			processor			apple unwraps new imac g5s stylish desktops conceal the processor, hard drive, and optical drive behind the display.
4			software	spyware			ftc sues alleged spyware distributors the us federal trade commission filed a legal complaint last week against two companies that are believed to have infected computers with spyware and pop up advertising and then attempted to sell their owners anti spyware software.
2			dream	country	night	talk	dame	sport			chance for upset just a midshipmen night 's dream if you read columns across the country, listened to sports talk radio or even watched espn 's sportscenter, you probably got the impression in the days leading up to saturday that notre dame was in grave danger of losing to navy
4			system	enterprise	management	switch			cisco shakes up switch management cisco systems is shaking up its network management with the release of two new switches. aimed at mid sized enterprises, the switches acknowledge that there are large numbers of people who are not confident
1			president			ovitz mismatched, poitier testifies actor sidney poitier, a former walt disney co. director, said he supported firing ex company president michael ovitz because he was mismatched with other executives.
4			ibm	software			computer associates' next ceo gets to work hired from ibm, ceo elect john swainson plans to move fast, without mimicking the software or services strategy of his former employer.
4			technology			canon, toshiba to form flat panel display venture japanese technology companies canon inc. and toshiba corp. said on tuesday they would invest 1.82 billion in a joint venture to manufacture advanced flat panel displays.
4			export	project	development			salvadoran companies export promise to d.c. trade show small salvadoran companies are sponsored by expro at the d.c. trade show as part of a $ 6 million project by the u.s. agency for international development.
2			team	bowl			it 's official: bowl bids accepted by trio of big ten teams iowa, purdue and wisconsin accepted bowl bids on tuesday, and the news didn 't stop there for the hawkeyes and boilermakers. iowa will head back to florida for the holidays, this time to the capital one bowl in orlando.
4			percent	share	shareholder	system	software	technology			sungard divides, spins off dr unit software company sungard data systems inc. is dividing into two parts and spinning off its disaster recovery technology business to shareholders, chief executive cristobal conde said. its shares climbed more than 12 percent monday.
4			user			us sues student 'song swappers the us recording industry is taking legal action against 750 computer users believed to be distributing music illegally over the internet.
1			party	labour	election	win			labour party retains hartlepool labour wins the hartlepool by election with a reduced majority, as the conservatives are beaten into fourth place.
3			expense	profit	sale	retailer			payless posts profit on cost control retailer payless shoesource inc. on friday posted a quarterly profit, as lower advertising and payroll expenses and other cost savings offset decreased sales.
1			leader	talk			progress on bilateral talks between singapore and malaysia leaders from singapore and malaysia said talks have been successful after they agreed to move forward on outstanding bilateral issues.
4			tool	ibm			briefly: gateway says, hold on to your hard drive roundup plus: kinko's debuts web based print options...majoras takes charge of ftc...business objects to bundle ibm tools.
2			coach	football			utah hires whittingham to replace meyer utah defensive coordinator kyle whittingham was hired as the school 's football coach to replace urban meyer. whittingham rejected an offer from rival byu to take the utes job.
3			retailer			circuit city picks up at t net phone plan the retailer will sell callvantage in many of its outlets and through its web site.
4			server			now, a screensaver to shield against spam a screen saver may now be your shield against spam websites, all thanks to a screen saver dveloped by internet portal lycos ,which is capable of making spam servers go flat by overloading them with continuous spam requests.
4			system	processor			intel delivers updated itanium 2 chips gunning for markets that have long been the domain of risc based systems, intel yesterday delivered updated itanium 2 processors with larger memory caches.
3			investment			quattrone, once a star banker, faces sentencing frank quattrone, a former star investment banker who once earned $ 120 million in a year, will be sentenced on wednesday for obstructing a federal investigation into some
4			lab	tool	software	access			software maker targets remote access market among new products from 3am labs is a free tool for accessing a pc via any device with a browser.
2			play	high	game			letting gamers play god, and now themselves peter molyneux, widely considered one of the best high concept designers in the video game industry, is renowned for creating god games.
3			investment			intel invests in rollout of wimax intel is hoping its investments in wimax and clearwire will ultimately pay off. the more demand for wireless computers, the more demand for intel 's microprocessors.
1			cabinet	election	siege	opposition			ukraine candidates start campaigning ukraine's two presidential candidates mapped out campaign strategies with less than three weeks remaining before the repeat of last month's fraud marred election runoff, and opposition protesters lifted their two week siege of the cabinet headquarters.
2			player			pc world's holiday wish list from big screen tvs to big time dvd players, here's what we'd like to receive this year.
2			stadium	baseball			some fight baseball tax various groups are lobbying efforts to shift the brunt of a $ 26 million annual baseball stadium tax onto other companies.
2			career			gonzalez takes turn as the playmaker' without a doubt, it was the biggest catch of his career.
2			twin	game	race			radcliffe decides to race in nyc marathon paula radcliffe decided there was only one way to get over the heartbreak of twin failures at the athens olympics: race again. she will do that nov. 7 in the new york city marathon, less than three months after pulling out of the event in the summer games. radcliffe made the announcement tuesday, 12 days before the race.
4			science			us firm awarded extended contract for antarctica work a company that supports the us science programme in antarctica has been awarded a 546 million dollar extension to its contract, the us national science foundation nsf said in a statement tuesday.
2			movie	game			blockbuster move: biggest video and game renter eliminating late ... blockbuster inc., the world 's biggest video rental company, has presented a promise to eliminate late fees on movies and games in the new year.
4			expectation	enterprise	software	licensing			pricing models to change a new study released by macrovision corporation finds that us software publishers and enterprise software buyers have differing expectations regarding the future of subscription and licensing models.
2			player	game	nhl			autopsy: zholtok died of heart failure an autopsy confirmed that nhl player serge zholtok died from heart failure after playing a game this week in belarus.
4			developer			flash video takes a front seat macromedia announced a new kit that simplifies the way professional developers add video to their web sites.
3			share	stock	price			will analysts stick with apple this time? apple computer 's stock price continues to set post power macintosh g4 cube records, most recently last week with a closing price of 68.44 per share on monday, november 29. that 's the company 's sixth highest closing price of all time; the watermark remains 72.10 per share on march 22, 2000.
4			software	project			software can make your day now you can project different images of yourself on the mobile phone, depending on who's calling.
4			earnings	technology			lucent says earnings more than triple lucent technologies inc. lu.n: quote, profile, research , among the world 's largest makers of telecommunications equipment, on wednesday said its fourth quarter earnings
2			career	sport			injured sainz forced out of swansong the rally australia should have been the grand finale of carlos sainz 's career, a respectful send off to one of the sport 's greatest drivers.
1			democrat			hk government set to petition release of democrat jailed in china hong kong : the hong kong government is interceding with the mainland authorities for the release of a legislator who was arrested and jailed in guangdong.
1			party	project			iter parties fail to agree on reactor construction site parties to the international thermonuclear experimental reactor project iter failed to agree on the site of building the first reactor at their meeting in vienna this week.
3			sale			cnf swings to 3q loss on charge cnf inc. said monday it swung to a loss in the third quarter as the result of a charge related to the planned sale of its menlo worldwide forwarding unit.
4			technology	win	ally			fox joins blu ray group the studio will be a significant ally for the group, which is trying to win support for its technology over the rival hd dvd format.
4			leader	technology			bearingpoint leader plans shake up analysts speculate that company is a possible target to be acquired and that big operational changes are in store for the 16,557 person technology consulting firm.
2			baseball	nation	team			expos' move to d.c. on verge of collapse washington's new baseball team shut down business and promotional operations indefinitely wednesday as its move to the nation's capital teetered on the brink of collapse.
4			system	speed	reform			china moves closer towards a market economy china will speed up economic restructuring and reform and the adoption of market based systems. meanwhile, china will continue to maintain its open door policies and meeting its
4			speed	upgrade	software	technology	high	access			lucent turns on hsdpa upgrade lucent technologies has released a software upgrade for its wireless equipment that will allow operators to support high speed data packet access hsdpa connections in 3g networks.
4			platform	longhorn	microsoft	developer	application			longhorn cuts delay microsoft business framework microsoft's decision to cut winfs from its longhorn release means another delay for the microsoft business framework, which promises to make it easier for developers to write business applications for the windows platform.
2			play	team	general	season			notebook: gm sund a lame duck, too as general manager, rick sund is chiefly responsible for the plan to play the season with seven pending free agents, and he has no qualms that the team decided to forgo a contract for him until after the season.
3			investment	fund	management			soros executive leaves hedge fund to start firm jacob goldfield, who joined soros fund management as chief investment officer last year, has resigned from the $ 8.3 billion hedge fund to start his own business, according to a memo to staff members.
2			career			astronaut's long career ends the longest serving astronaut in history, john w. young, announced his retirement on tuesday.
3			shareholder			interbrew, ambev complete combination to create inbev interbrew sa, the maker of beck 's and stella artois beer, and brazil 's cia. de bebidas das americas completed their combination today after winning joint shareholder approval.
4			use	hardware			news: judge dismisses keylogger case covert use of a hardware keystroke logger does not violate federal wiretap law, court rules.
4			tool	single	vendor			essbase 7x brings interactive bi to bpm for some 30 years, companies have envisioned arming executives with sets of diverse tools to easily define business objectives and view their ongoing progress. companies pursuing this vision, now commonly known as bpm, can cobble together homemade solutions or lean on a single vendor, such as hyperion, which has strengthened a key building block of its overall bpm solution.
4			software			report: prosecutors, ca reach accord the u.s. justice department has agreed to defer prosecution of computer associates international inc. in its long running investigation of accounting fraud at the software maker, the wall street journal said on wednesday, citing people familiar with the matter.
4			beat	microsoft	beta	technology			beta doesn 't beat google granted, the new msn is still in the beta phase testing a work in progress. microsoft is expected to make the technology part of its main msn site early next year.
1			pas	election	party	victory	reform	gain			taiwans dpp vows sweeping reforms with victory taiwan 's ruling democratic progressive party has promised to pass sweeping economic and political reforms if it gains control of the legislature for the first time in saturday 's election.
3			finance			for ata, it all boils down to cash while the entire airline industry 's finances are under water, ata airlines will have to hold its breath longer than its competitors to keep from going belly up.
4			system	team	switch			fujitsu, cisco team up to provide ip network products in japan japan 's fujitsu and cisco systems of the us said they have agreed to form a strategic alliance focusing on routers and switches that will enable businesses to build advanced internet protocol ip networks.
4			tool	game			video games find their political voice the net and video games are becoming essential tools for political activists.
4			platform	collaboration	software	vendor	integration			collaboration platform extends to web services cordys, inc. of scotland, an integration and collaboration software vendor, announced today the availability of a new web services platform.
3			listing	share			gold fields to shrug off harmony 's voting bid harmony has voted its 10,8 of gold fields shares against a planned reverse listing of gold fields assets outside southern africa into iamgold of canada, harmony director ferdi dippenaar said yesterday.
2			team			austria 's eberharter retires stephan eberharter announced his retirement on friday after a decade and a half as a leading light of the austrian alpine skiing team.
4			system	software	management			northwestern medical cites performance boost from concord software concord management software has helped uncover a range of problems at northwestern medical group, which is now seeing improved system performance.
1			leadership	talk			barclays south african talks barclays has started talks with absa, south africas largest retail bank, in one of its first moves under the leadership of john varley.
4			content			napster entering ringtone market online music service napster on thursday said it reached a deal to enter the ringtone market with mobile content publisher dwango wireless dwgn.
4			desktop	software	microsoft	version			microsoft takes on desktop search microsoft has entered the desktop search fray, releasing an initial version of software to scour a pc hard drive.
4			system	software	microsoft	patch			microsoft pushes out seven critical security fixes microsoft corp. on tuesday released 10 software security patches for its products, including seven it deemed critical and that could allow remote attackers to take control of systems running the company's software.
3			buying	retailer			jones to buy barneys jones, owner of the jones new york, anne klein and nine west brands, yesterday said it is buying luxury retailer barneys new york for approximately $ 400 million.
4			design			fcc to act on fiber optic networks the federal communications commission is planning to approve a proposal to give the major telephone companies more leeway in the design of new fiber optic networks, sparing them from the regulation that governs traditional phone lines.
2			basketball	medal	team			u.s. men's basketball team takes bronze medal the u.s. men's basketball team salvaged some pride saturday, beating lithuania 104 96 to take the olympic bronze medal.
1			debate	concern	use	election			a touchy debate over voting with the presidential election less than six weeks away, activists and security experts are ratcheting up concern over the use of touch screen machines to cast votes.
2			game	mike			bulls still lost on road mike montgomery didn 't know what city he was in or what day it was by the time the warriors five game road trip ended in cleveland.
2			medal	james	sport			cracknell to take a year out james cracknell, the double olympic gold medal winning rower, confirmed today that he will take a year 's break the sport before deciding his long term future.
4			meter	technology			dust makes mesh of wireless sensors com september 20, 2004, 4:03 pm pt. technology that can let walls, remote cameras or electricity meters relay information wirelessly to computers took a step forward with the first product release from dust networks.
2			stock	sport			sport fishing puts bite on u.s. fish stocks, study says catches of dwindling u.s. marine fish stocks by recreational anglers now rival those of commercial fisheries, claims a new report.
4			software	project	source			open source programmer rebuts charge a programmer has rebutted an accusation that he contributed proprietary software to an open source project called mambo, while his accuser has moderated his legal threats.
3			stock			goldcorp to buy wheaton river canada 's goldcorp said sunday it has reached an agreement in principal to buy wheaton river minerals in an all stock deal valued at about $ 2 billion.
4			processor			paypal to impose fines for breaking bans online payment processor paypal said it would fine customers as much as 500 if they violate the company's policies against using the service for gambling, pornography or selling prescription drugs without official certification.
4			system	identification			news: japanese banks deploy biometric palm scanners japanese banks are turning to a new biometric identification system, based on the unique nature of the patterns of veins in our palms.
4			developer	microsoft	system	source			david vs. goliath vs. goliath laszlo systems cto david temkin is taking an open source gamble to woo web developers from macromedia and microsoft.
3			chain			disney to sell mall based stores to children 's place walt disney co. dis on wednesday agreed to sell its money losing disney store chain to children 's place retail stores plce in a deal analysts described as positive for children 's place.
4			development	microsoft	source			microsoft makes more open source overtures microsoft is reaching out further to the open source community with offers of joint development and testing, but some wonder about the company's sincerity.
2			medal	shot	sport			harland leaves 11 rivals trailing to clinch bronze medal there is no sport like modern pentathlon for encouraging speculative hindsight. what might have happened if georgina harland had shot a little more accurately?
3			enterprise			centene will buy firstguard for $ 93m centene corp. has agreed to buy firstguard inc. from swope community enterprises for about $ 93 million in cash and enter the missouri and kansas markets.
3			growth	decline	profit	earnings	trading	gain			wall st shuffles as deals decline wall street 's earnings growth, fuelled by two years of robust trading gains, is showing signs that it might taper off in coming quarters as a sluggish stockmarket and a less favourable trading environment take a toll on profits.
4			development	tool	project	source			actuate joins eclipse; starts open source bi project actuate corp. announced that it has joined the eclipse foundation, the organization focused on delivering an open source development environment, and has launched a new eclipse project to focus on open source business intelligence and reporting tools.
2			play	stadium	game			arkansas state will also play in kc in 05 the kansas city chiefs will allow kansas and arkansas state to play one home game each at arrowhead stadium in 2005.
2			coach	football			orgeron introduced as football coach at ole miss ed orgeron 's recruiting success at southern california helped him land the job as mississippi 's football coach thursday. we are going to teach our young men to compete, orgeron said at a news conference.
3			investor			update 11: parmalat 's trustee sues bank of america parmalat 's government appointed administrator sued bank of america corp. on thursday, alleging that the bank helped executives at the dairy company hide debt and conceal its insolvency from investors.
3			growth			common sense investing if the sun belt is where the growth is, then southern company is a place to be.
4			software	price			microsoft's media center packs sticker shocker the software giant prices the software somewhere between windows xp home and windows xp pro, cnet has learned.
4			cell			nextel gets navy cell phone contract nextel communications inc. said monday that it received a contract worth up to $ 100 million to provide the navy with cell phone service.
1			politics	turkey	debate	identity			identity politics: is a christian or kurd 'a turk'? multiculturalism is stirring a bitter public debate about national identity in turkey.
3			value			google market value tops yahoo google market value tops yahoo google market value surges past $ 50b, tops yahoo so now they're worth more in dollar value than yahoo. that goes right in line with being worth more in search value and relevance. i've written before that yahoo has their fingers in so many pies that they ...
1			president			dementia diagnosis for pinochet former chilean president pinochet has moderate dementia , according to a court appointed doctor.
4			use	user	graphic	computing			imac g5: ultimate computer reviewing the imac g5, steve rea writes for , apple has created a small, powerful, aesthetically appealing, innovated, creative, workable, user friendly, attractive, reliable computer that everyone can use. the ultimate internet machine. the ultimate music machine. the ultimate graphics machine. the ultimate computing machine. nov 29
4			emc	software	technology	vendor	development			emc buys backup software vendor emc said it has purchased backup software vendor dantz development corp. for less than $ 50 million in a deal that it hopes will put it in a better position to sell data backup technology in the small to medium size business market.
4			card	hardware	michigan	hacker	system			lowe's hardware hacker gets nine years one of three michigan men who hacked into the national computer system of lowe's hardware stores and tried to steal customers' credit card information was sentenced wednesday to nine years in federal prison.
2			season	dame	coach	sport			citing a lack of progress, notre dame fires willingham tyrone willingham, who was the first african american head coach at notre dame in any sport, compiled a record of 21 15 in three seasons.
4			system	platform	server	series			symbian series 80 gets blackberry support the symbian os series 80 platform is the latest system to get support for the blackberry connect push server from research in motion rim .
4			gene	supercomputer	sale	technology			ibm's blue gene l goes on sale world's fastest supercomputer can now be yours for only $ 1.5 million. machine combines exotic and mainstream technology.
4			user	cell			fcc: 8m wireless users keep cell numbers nearly 8 million mobile phone users have switched carriers and kept their cell numbers since a new rule allowing that flexibility went into effect one year ago, the federal communications commission disclosed tuesday.
4			enterprise	software	vendor	application	version			taking software for a test drive enterprise application vendors should be lauded for offering evaluation versions.
1			talk			pilots reach accord with alitalia pilots at alitalia agreed tuesday to nearly double their annual flying hours and accept lower pay the first breakthrough in talks aimed at keeping the near bankrupt italian carrier in business.
2			team	enterprise	redskin	coach	joe	sport			gibbs is all business joe gibbs is shrewdly merging sports enterprises as coach of the redskins and patriarch of a now family owned nascar team to form one of sports' most lucrative brands.
4			buying	technology	storage			storagetek buys up remainder of storability two years after buying southborough based storability inc. 's services business, storage technology corp. scooped up the rest of the venture capital backed company, the companies announced thursday afternoon.
1			democrat	race			democrat may be leading in wash. race through all the counting and recounting in the closest governor's race in state history, republican dino rossi has held the slimmest of margins over democrat christine gregoire even picking up a few votes here and there as a tedious hand recount grinds on.
2			game			wpp 's mega ad buy what are weekends for? in the mergers and acquisitions game, it is usually meant for structuring mega deals. that was the case with wpp group 's nasdaq: wppgy $ 1.
4			speed	amd	ibm	single	technology	core	silicon			chipmakers advance transistor technology ibm quote, chart and amd quote, chart have devised a new silicon transistor technology they claim will boost the speeds of single and dual core chips.
3			strength	good	sale			pc sales storm ahead south african pc demand looks set to keep pace with the good worldwide demand, with rand strength, product bundling
4			price	technology	generation			a notebook with muscles to flex embracing a new gadget indubitably means parting with some hard earned dinero. but emachines, purchased by gateway inc. , is offering next generation technology at this generation prices.
4			drop	processor	system			hp drops itanium workstations citing market conditions for the move, hp has dropped the processor just two months after intel started shipping the 64 bit architecture for x86 systems.
3			growth			la. reports first case of soybean rust the first us cases of the fungus soybean rust, which hinders plant growth and drastically cuts crop production, were found at two research sites in louisiana, officials said wednesday.
3			software	management	stock			cognos offers sk390.8 mln for frango; stock surges cognos inc., the largest canadian software maker, offered to buy sweden 's frango ab for 390.8 million kronor $ 51.7 million to expand in corporate performance management software.
1			party	election	worry	gain			extremist vote worries german press the gains made by parties of the extreme right and left in elections in two eastern german states on sunday spark much negative comment in regional and national papers.
1			politics	energy	supply	country	secret			ambitious russian tycoon upsets lithuanian politics kedainiai, lithuania: viktor uspaskich, a russian born millionaire who is a new force in lithuanian politics, makes no secret of his old ties to russian energy giant gazprom, which supplies all of lithuania 's gas, but says he has his adopted country 's
1			politics	president	counterpart			assad and mubarak call for total lebanese sovereignty egyptian president hosni mubarak and his syrian counterpart, bashar al assad, called for lebanon's sovereignty to be respected, rejecting international condemnation of damascus' interference in its smaller neighbour's politics.
4			system	application	content	developer			nokia aims to attract operators, developers with preminet nokia corp. unveiled a system for hosting, delivering and charging for entertainment and application content for mobile phones, at the cellular telecommunications and internet association's ctia's wireless it and entertainment conference on monday in san francisco. with preminet, nokia is looking to carve itself a slice of mobile network operators' revenues.
2			club			o leary re signing nears aston villa manager david o leary is close to agreeing and finally putting pen to paper on a new deal with the birmingham club.
3			shareholder			peoplesoft rejects takeover bid again peoplesoft inc. rebuffed oracle corp. 's latest hostile takeover bid, vowing to fight the $ 9.2 billion offer even if a majority of shareholders supported it.
2			country	game	sale			illinois governor: ban violent kid videos illinois gov. rod blagojevich yesterday proposed the state ban the sale and rental of violent and sexually explicit video games for children under 18, a restriction that has failed so far elsewhere in the country.
3			depot	sale	retailer			kmart 's store sales might cost jobs report: retailer could terminate as many as 1,200 positions stemming from stores sold to home depot.
2			champion	standard	fall	sport			sprinter kenteris completes fall from grace even by the capricious standards of modern day sport, costas kenteris fall from grace has been spectacular. thursday 's announcement of a criminal prosecution against the former olympic champion for obstructing
3			value	stock			mci could become a value the company says its revenue is stabilizing. if so, a value stock is in the making.
1			party	opposition			nepalese rally for democracy kathmandu: thousands of opposition party supporters rallied in the nepalese capital yesterday demanding the king return sovereignty to the people.
3			good			wide u.s. inquiry into purchasing for health care the case appears to be focused on whether hospitals are fraudulently overcharging medicare and other programs for goods.
1			tension			cosatu calls on anc to end spat the congress of sa trade unions cosatu on tuesday called on the african national congress to organise an urgent meeting to discuss the tensions between the two organisations.
4			software	spyware			spyware charges praised the groundbreaking action by the federal trade commission against two new hampshire software companies is long overdue, said one local computer expert.
2			tournament	game	final			men 's light amir khan gbr faced his toughest test in the olympic games boxing tournament, when he faced and defeated kazakhstani boxer serik yeleuov to reach the light weight 60kg category final.
4			siemens	british	technology			bt to offer blackberry enabled siemens handsets british telco bt has reached agreements with german mobile handset maker siemens and canadian wireless solutions provider research in motion rim to offer uk corporate customers the siemens sk65 handset with blackberry built in technology.
1			war	conflict	violence			rape 'a weapon in colombia war' sexual violence is being used to terrorise entire communities caught in colombia's conflict, amnesty says.
3			buying	stock			coventry health buys first health group coventry health care inc. is buying managed health care company first health group corp. for $ 1.8 billion in cash and stock in a deal that would create a national health benefits company
2			play			for the latest news, please refresh this page regularly most anticipated fight of the year is upon us. i guess there 's really no need to bore you with an analytical breakdown of how the fight 's going to play out since everybody and their
2			final	race	play	season	second	cup	game			skiers play games as guay is second in final day of downhill ... being fastest wasn 't necessary best as canada 's erik guay finished second in friday 's final day of training for the first world cup downhill race of the season.
1			debate			lawmakers to get federal pay raise with little debate, house lawmakers on tuesday included themselves as part of a pay raise that all federal employees will receive next year.
4			processor	core			freescale shows off dual core power pc chip the firm spun out of motorola to sell semiconductors said it has started showing off a dual core processor based on the e600 architecture.
4			system	file	hardware	ace			solaris 10 released, updated free sivar writes ace 's hardware and report solaris that 10 has been released. improvements include a performance enhanced tcp ip stack to shed the slowaris moniker and their much vaunted zfs z file system .
4			tool			google puts new slant on scholarship google has already transformed the way the web is used. now the company behind the internet 's leading search engine aims to change the academic world too, with a new search tool putting a treasure trove of
2			medal	game	win			china 's guo easily wins 3m springboard the names may change. not the results. china still rules the olympic diving pool. the chinese earned another gold medal their fifth of the athens games when guo jingjing
4			system	file	card	storage			new treo 650 file system cuts storage capacity palmone plans to offer a free 128mb expansion card to treo 650 owners because a new file system used for the handheld actually offers less memory for data storage than was available on the older treo 600.
4			feature	hardware			dell to sell more security proofed business hardware new servgate hardware, starting at less than $ 1000, has integrated antivirus, spam filtering, and other security features.
3			investor	stock			short ride to disaster selling stocks short is a very, very risky move that shouldn't be attempted by new investors.
4			software			for missing web pages, a department of lost and found could this be an end to broken links? new software replaces and updates links on web pages.
2			game	series			radio 4 revives hitchhiker's game a douglas adams game is revived to mark a new hitchhiker's guide to the galaxy radio series.
2			game	sale	season			celtics tickets on sale tickets for individual celtics home games for the 2004 05 season will go on sale today at 11 a.m.
3			shareholder	value	sale			pulitzer inc. says it 's considering sale newspaper publisher pulitzer inc. said sunday that company officials are considering a possible sale of the firm to boost shareholder value.
3			profit	sale	stock	price			goodyear sees profit; stock up goodyear tire rubber co. on friday said it would report a third quarter profit, reversing a year earlier loss, on higher prices for its products and stronger sales.
2			fan	game			photos: halo 2, the adventure begins thousands of fans wait for hours to pick up the first copies of microsoft's long awaited xbox game sequel.
4			infrastructure	ibm	software	technology	application			peoplesoft deepens ties with ibm the business applications maker will integrate its technology more closely with infrastructure software from big blue.
4			linux	software	system	version			fbi supplier readies secure linux the new version of the operating system was built by trusted computer solutions, which sells software to u.s. intelligence agencies.
4			use	gain	mail	technology			study: spammers use e mail id to gain legitimacy spammers are a key adopter of a technology meant, in part, to fight spam.
3			sale			nintendo ds goes on sale in america nintendo starts its campaign to stop sony taking over the handheld gaming market with the launch of its new handheld console the nintendo ds today in the us.
3			leader	application	enterprise			oracle extends offer for peoplesoft again the department of justice took oracle to court in may, claiming that its acquisition of peoplesoft would create a duopoly between it and market leader sap in the enterprise applications market.
4			piracy	movie	technology			tech firms announce video anti piracy technology nds, stmicroelectronics and thomson said on friday they will develop new encryption technology to foil video piracy, a $ 3.5 billion problem for broadcasters and movie studios. p
3			good	investment			pinochet's millions came from savvy investing son former chilean dictator augusto pinochet became a multi millionaire because he saved, made good investments and his friends gave him money, one of his sons said on tuesday.
4			software	database	source			object database goes open source startup company db4o bjects next week is releasing its object database, db4o, under an open source format, with the product now available either under the gpl via open source or commercially as embeddable software.
3			sale			sees its semiconductor unit outperforming market in 05 philips electronics, the largest consumer electronics maker in europe, on tuesday cautioned it expects flat sales in its semiconductor business in the fourth quarter and is seeing ongoing margin pressure in consumer electronics.
4			microsystems	file	technology	server	storage			sun to return to nas market with storedge 5210 sun microsystems inc. on tuesday will announce a number of new storage products, including a new server that signals the company's return to nas network attached storage . called the storedge 5210, the file server is a midrange nas appliance developed with technology that sun licensed from irvine, california based procom technology inc. in april.
2			coach			grizzlies coach retires for health reasons hubie brown retired as coach of the memphis grizzlies on thursday due to health reasons.
2			single	game			hoosiers have opportunity to prolong buckeyes woes on sunday, the day after ohio state dropped to 0 3 in the big ten with a 33 7 loss at iowa, the columbus dispatch ran a single word above its game story on the buckeyes: embarrassing.
2			morning	coach	game			sexton gets the start for unc for at least their next two games, florida state will have a new face under center. head coach bobby bowden announced monday morning that redshirt sophomore wyatt sexton would start in place of fifth year
4			share	infrastructure	generation			vodafone australia to share 3g network with optus sydney, australiafollowing a similar announcement by rivals earlier this month, vodafone australia and optus said they agreed to share third generation network sites and infrastructure.
2			hit	game	win			time to put up, shut up as incredible as it sounds, the giants have hit must win territory already. they have played one game, lost it badly, and have spent the ensuing week talking as much
2			final	game	win	sport			paris favored to win 2012 olympics bid the five cities looking to host the 2012 summer games submitted bids to the international olympic committee on monday, entering the final stage of a long process in hopes of landing one of the biggest prizes in sports.
4			software	version			speaking naturally, anew how does version 8 of dragon naturallyspeaking dictation software stack up?
1			leader	opposition			ukraine candidate 'was poisoned' ukraine opposition leader viktor yushchenko's mystery illness was caused by poisoning, doctors say.
2			football			rooney agent misled court three men were cleared yesterday of blackmailing football agent paul stretford after it emerged he had misled the court. john hyland, christopher bacon and anthony bacon were on trial at warrington
3			nation	enterprise			3 directors at cox to study bid by parent to take unit private ox communications, the nation 's third largest cable television operator, has formed a committee to consider the $ 7.9 billion bid by its parent, cox enterprises, to take the company private.
2			award	sport			practice makes credit according to a washington post survey, nearly three dozen of the 117 division i a universities award academic credit to varsity athletes for participating in intercollegiate sports.
1			parliament			parliament visitors no longer 'strangers' visitors to parliament are strangers no more. in a bid to modernize britain's ancient parliament, legislators voted tuesday to scrap the 400 year old tradition of referring to visitors as strangers. instead, they will be the public or members of the public.
4			project			a marvelous 2005 and 2006 marvel issues its 2005 guidance and offers an impressive list of projects for 2006.
4			platform	microsoft	tool	software	management	version			microsoft releases key management software microsoft wednesday released the latest versions of its performance and monitoring tool, which forms a cornerstone in its plan to create a management platform for windows.
1			democrat			new voters sign up in battleground states a look at efforts by the democrats and the republicans to register new voters in battleground states:
3			trader			el paso gas traders have date with judge today three or four former el paso natural gas traders who had been told they re targets of a criminal investgation are expected to make an appearance before a us magistrate judge at 2 pm today.
4			technology			intel evolves chipmaking technology intel quote, chart has built a new chip with 500 million transistors using the latest advancements in nanotechnology, the company said monday.
2			player	fan	game	cub			no dodging a tough personal decision players have missed games for silly reasons. just look at a few days off earned by the cubs. kicking an electric fan in the dugout cubs reliever kyle farnsworth was lost for 22 games.
4			country	technology	origin			wotbox launches eight national search engines wotbox launches eight national search engines wotbox is an independent search engine mainly known for its advanced geo targeting technology. wotbox, which displays a flag of the country of origin next to each result on its search pages, is growing and has launched a new search engine for eight major countries. it ...
4			enterprise	identity	system	application	access			caymas introduces company and products caymas systems made its formal debut monday, releasing three identity driven access gateways designed for control of internal and external access to enterprise data and applications.
3			profit			ad revenue boosts google profits internet search firm google sees third quarter profits more than double on the back of strong advertising revenues.
4			generation	president	technology	tokyo			sony 's ando says dvd format dispute to continue for some time ... tokyo, sep 22, 2004 afx europe via comtex the dispute over next generation dvd formats will continue for some time, kunitake ando, chairman of the japan electronics and information technology industries association and president of sony corp, said in
4			code			nokia uses hologram to identify batteries in addition to the hologram label, each nokia battery will have an authentication code hidden under a scratch off area on the label.
4			system	software	microsoft	version			trend micro gives away mobile antivirus software trend micro mobile security version 1.0 provides antivirus and antispam software for mobile phones running the microsoft windows mobile and symbian ltd. operating systems.
2			coach	club			voller happy to step aside newly appointed roma coach rudi voller would be willing to step down if his predecessor cesare prandelli decides to return to the giallorossi club.
4			system	president	development			cisco invests $ 32 million in china r center cisco systems president and ceo john chambers today announced the company 's intent to open a research and development center in shanghai, china.
3			holding			a bank takeover in japan breaks tradition the biggest takeover battle in japanese history got even bigger as the sumitomo mitsui financial group sought to disrupt a rival's expansion plans with a $ 29 billion hostile bid for ufj holdings.
4			technique	researcher	technology	attack			imaging technique may give heart attack early warning it could highlight dangerous plaque deposits in arteries healthdaynews plaque deposits that slowly build up on artery walls can break apart, triggering heart attack or stroke. but a new imaging technology developed by harvard university researchers uses an enzyme linked to arterial plaque to spot these cardiac 'trouble spots' early on...
1			minister	finance			update 1: sarkozy partially privatizes areva nicolas sarkozy lifted the veil wednesday on what is likely to be his last major sell off as france 's finance minister the partial privatization of the state owned nuclear group areva sa.
1			victory	election			ukraine liberal vows street demos if cheated in poll the liberal challenger in a closely fought presidential election in ukraine threatened on friday to bring his supporters onto the streets if the authorities tried to deny him victory by cheating.
2			play	bowl	sport			georgia tech headed to champs sports bowl georgia tech finally will play in a bowl that's not too far from home.
1			relation			audit finds firm overbilled la by $ 4m a public relations company billed the city 's department of water and power for more than $ 4 million in questionable costs that it should repay, according to an audit released tuesday.
4			design	beta	technology	version			google woos froogle uk shoppers search giant google has launched a beta of the uk version of its shopping search technology, froogle. the site looks like its google parent in design with the addition of links to recent popular product searches on the home page.
4			software	microsoft			judge in eu microsoft case calls meeting the judge deciding whether to suspend the european union's antitrust order against software giant microsoft corp. pending appeal has called an unexpected meeting, two weeks after two longtime backers of the eu's case abruptly pulled out.
1			general	election			us state still without a governor two weeks after polls two weeks after the us general election, the northwestern state of washington was still without a governor as the painstaking process of counting votes dragged on.
4			user	server	code			hacked european ad server infects ie users a hacked server in germany fed malicious code to unsuspecting internet explorer users at an unknown number of web sites for several hours over the weekend, a banner ad serving company acknowledged monday.
4			design	team			intel plans to hire hewlett designers in an effort to revitalize the struggling itanium computer chip business, intel and hewlett packard said wednesday that intel would hire a 300 person hewlett packard design team based in fort collins, colo.
1			leader			eu constitution signed in rome the leaders of the european union 's 25 member states gathered in rome friday to sign the new eu constitution. later in the day the heads of state planned to return home to try
3			sale	share			oracle's peoplesoft bid deadline nears oracle corp.'s 24 a share hostile takeover bid for peoplesoft inc. heated up anew yesterday as tonight's deadline for stockholders to offer their shares for sale approached.
4			system	standard			cisco systems buys p cube under the terms of the agreement, cisco will pay approximately $ 200 million in cash and options. the acquisition of p cube is subject to various standard closing conditions and is
2			captain	championship			brown s praise for bears captain knight all rounder dougie brown believes nick knight can lead warwickshire to further success over the coming years after clinching the frizzell county championship.
1			politics	talk			long stifled, iraqis make most of chance to vent on talk radio iraq's first talk radio station, radio dijla, has been putting iraqis' opinions on everything from politics to romance directly on the air.
4			tool	microsoft	suite	version			microsoft updates home pc package the new version of works suite includes word 2002 plus updated editions of several other tools.
1			talk			vonage talks about 911 advancements does rhode island have the answer to a major problem facing the internet phone industry?
2			basketball	coach	team			longtime st. peter 's basketball coach kennedy dies at 97 don kennedy, who led st. peter 's basketball team from a small time program to major college status during his 22 years as head coach, has died.
4			license	patent	microsoft	software			microsoft license to deal you back my patent, i'll back yours. that could be the software giant's motto in its quest for intellectual property.
2			game			ioc urges beijing to get ready for 2008 determined to avoid a repeat of the construction delays that threatened the athens games, olympic officials arrived in beijing on wednesday.
3			project	share			eurotunnel to cut workforce london: subsea rail operator eurotunnel unveiled yesterday a project dare plan to cut jobs and services as it tries to dig its way out of a mountain of debt in the face of falling revenues and market share.
2			injury	brian	chicago	bowl	sport			bears' urlacher sidelined with leg injury lake forest, ill. sports network chicago bears pro bowl linebacker brian urlacher is expected to be sidelined four to six weeks because of a lower left leg injury.
4			infrastructure			wi fi tops $ 1 billion quarterly revenues the worldwide market for wi fi network infrastructure and adapters surpassed $ 1.0 billion in quarterly revenues for the first time in the fourth quarter of 2003, according to market research firm in stat mdr.
3			server	enterprise	price			dell thrusts blade into datacentres a substantial price cut and footprint squeeze show a new commitment from dell to getting its enterprise class blade servers into data centres.
4			software	ibm	management	vendor	developer	project			ibm buys canadian project portfolio management vendor ibm corp. has agreed to buy montreal software developer systemcorp alg for an undisclosed sum, the companies said tuesday.
3			gain	stock	share			european shares gain, but bonds slip european stock markets were lifted monday by a tech led rebound on wall street friday and gains in asia, but euro zone government bonds fell after hawkish comments from a key european central bank official.
1			war	winner	debate			spinning out clear winner even before debate begins both campaigns have exhorted their supporters to flood the media with messages declaring a winner in the debates, hoping to influence the post debate spin wars.
1			politician	president			egyptian petition seeks term limits more than 650 politicians and intellectuals vowed saturday to push for a constitutional amendment to stop egyptian president hosni mubarak from serving another term in office
3			stock	earnings	share			stocks open little changed u.s. stocks opened flat on friday as wall street pulled back after a big rally in the previous session, with shares of computer maker dell inc. higher after reporting strong earnings late on thursday.
2			seed	title	top	sport			sports: petrova upsets top seed henin hardenne new york justine henin hardenne eh nen ahr den has failed to successfully defend her us open title, and she 's losing her number one ranking to boot.
2			season			strahan out for year with torn pectoral muscle all pro defensive end michael strahan will miss the rest of the new york giants season with a torn pectoral muscle.
4			virus	code			news: russian fined for virus writing exploits a russian member of well known 29a virus writers group has been fined 3,000 roubles approximately 57 after he admitted writing malicious code.
2			tom	team	season	player	coach			giants shift blame from coach to the players tom coughlin will not bear the brunt of the giants' failure. the team is looking to the players that span two coaching staffs and two unbearable seasons.
3			value			turning invention into innovation technological inventions are not going to have the same kind of transformative value that they did in the past.
3			drop	profit	sale			jewel osco impacted by calif. strike albertsons inc., the no. 2 us grocer, tuesday reported a substantial drop in its quarterly profit as heavy promotions to revive its southern california sales after a strike bit into its profit.
3			producer	profit	earnings			sanderson farms profit below estimates poultry producer sanderson farms inc. said on tuesday its quarterly earnings more than doubled on strong consumer demand for chicken, but its profit was sharply below analysts' estimates.
2			play	goal	victory	game			worldstars play strong defensive game in 5 1 victory over hv 71 ray whitney scored and assisted on alexandre daigle 's goal as the worldstars played a strong defensive game in a 5 1 victory over hv 71 on friday.
2			coach	season			boise state 's hawkins latest off the market boise state coach dan hawkins signed a five year, $ 2.6 million contract extension on tuesday that could keep him with the broncos through the 2009 season.
1			president			bill clinton to undergo bypass surgery former president bill clinton checked into a manhattan hospital friday with chest pains and will soon undergo bypass surgery, his office announced. an angiogram given to clinton, who had been expected to campaign for sen...
2			team	season			from turf to team, boise state takes unconventional approach as boise state has proved in finishing its regular season 11 0, its program has transcended a quirky marketing gimmick: the installation of its blue turf.
2			team	top			joachim takes lead in spanish vuelta alejandro valverde won the rainy third stage of the spanish vuelta on monday while the us postal service team, led by benoit joachim, held the top seven spots in the overall standings.
4			user			mobile phone users double since 2000 a report out yesterday from the international telecommunication union says that mobile phone users have doubled since the year 2000.
3			investor	share			jones apparel: does barney 's mean trouble? but investors haven 't been doing the same. yesterday, shares of jones fell approximately 3 following the announcement
1			politics	war	presidency	afghanistan	afghan			karzai 's dangerous road from exile to afghan presidency kabul: hamid karzai has steered afghanistan from the ruins of war to its first elected presidency, using skills honed from plotting to end soviet occupation and negotiating the minefield of volatile afghan politics.
4			user	switch			wireless carriers cut portability fees verizon wireless and sprint nyse: fon are giving their customers a break, cutting their fees for number portability, which the carriers have charged all customers to meet the costs of enabling wireless users to keep their phone numbers when they switch service providers.
3			profit			air travel increases, but profits down the international air transport association said monday international air travel and cargo transport rose more than expected. in the first eight months of this year, passenger travel increased by nearly 19
4			collaboration	supply	technology	core			hp, dreamworks extend collaboration computer maker hewlett packard co. on wednesday said it received a three year multimillion dollar extension to supply film studio dreamworks skg with core computer technology.
4			ore	broadband	technology			wimax could be next big leap in technology when scott richards is at his home in portland, ore., he taps into the internet using a broadband connection from his office about five miles away.
4			technology	microsoft	flaw	access			microsoft probes flaw in microsoft corp. is investigating a reported security flaw in its technology that could allow intruders to access password protected sections of a web site simply by altering a url.
4			goal	difference	holding	technology			motorola, hong kong listed proview end tv manufacturing agreement us technology giant motorola inc and hong kong listed monitor maker proview international holdings have ended their agreement to jointly develop television sets due to differences in product marketing strategies and goals for the north
4			space	nasa	technology	brain	scientist			nasa studying rain man 's brain nasa scientists are studying autistic savant kim peek, hoping that technology used to study the effects of space travel on the brain will help explain his mental capabilities.
4			high	speed	technology			mmo2 leapfrogs rivals with super fast 3g telecoms provider mmo2 says it will adopt extra fast 3g network technology from next summer, although the ultra high speed network initially will be available only in the isle of man.
3			investor	profit	ipo	stock			google's insiders strike it rich with ipo lots of people are hoping to get rich off google inc.'s stock now that the online search engine's ipo is finally completed. here's a look at some of the investors that have already locked in huge profits by selling a portion of their stakes:
2			series	party	cricket	president	sport			dalmiya blames zee and ess jagmohan dalmiya, the president of the indian cricket board, has blamed zee telefilms and espn star sports, the opposing parties in the telecast rights issue, for putting the australian series in jeopardy.
2			championship	win			amex win small redemption for els if ernie els is to contend for major championships and remain one of the world 's elite golfers, he had to put the events of this summer behind him.
4			software	management	president	technology	language			q a: iaitam president barbara rembiesa on asset management issues the international association of information technology asset managers is planning to work with software publishers next year to help simplify the language in software contracts, says president barbara rembiesa.
2			league	season	high	match	game			ready to partner bellamy this fixture will be one of the toughest matches we ve faced this season because winning games in france is never easy. sochaux are flying high in their own league, in third position, and that is no mean feat.
4			lab	chain	researcher	technology			ghana gets a fab lab facilities built by mit researchers to provide technology to make just about anything are springing up worldwide. at the newest one, in ghana, newcomers were most enthused by the ability to make pink plastic key chains. by michelle delio.
4			player	technology			apple rival creative to double mp3 player lines computer audio equipment maker creative technology ltd. said on thursday it would double its mp3 player product lines from its current eight by year end, stepping up competition for rivals such as apple computer inc.
4			platform	ibm	team			peoplesoft teams up with ibm in a move likely to obstruct oracle?s hostile take over bid, peoplesoft last week announced it will adopt ibm?s websphere as its preferred middleware platform.
2			play	game	season			game makers make play for adults the name of this game is who can capture the most adult gamers. heading into the year end shopping season, sony computer entertainment inc.
4			patent	nation	technology			acacia lowers streaming video royalties demand a california company that claims it owns the patents for streaming video over computer networks is lowering its royalty demands of the nation's colleges and universities. newport beach, calif. based acacia media technologies corp...
4			hardware	team	linux	software	vendor	core	standard			4 linux vendors team up for standardized linux in an effort to encourage software and hardware providers to support linux standard base 2.0, four smaller linux vendors are joining together to ensure their core binaries are compatible with each other and with the standard.
1			leader	country	finance			world finance leaders favor debt relief description: the world 's economic leaders indicate support for the idea of forgiving the debt of the world 's poorest countries.
1			president			oracle isn't trying to bury rival, executive testifies the co president of oracle testified that her company was serious about its takeover offer for peoplesoft and was not trying to scare off its customers.
4			tool	human			iran cracks down on internet: rights watchdog iran is cracking down on internet communications, one of the country's last forums for free speech and a crucial tool for local social activists, human rights watch said.
4			developer	system	code			sun's looking glass provides 3d view developers get early code for new operating system 'skin' still being crafted.
2			season			all i want for christmas is a 10 million zeppelin baby boomers, this christmas season unleash your inner child and empty your bankbook with jewel encrusted mr. and mrs. potato head toys at 16,000 a pair.
4			server	alternative			fbi returns seized news servers servers seized by the fbi from the indymedia alternative media network have been returned.
1			election			brown rules out pre poll splurge there will be no pre election cash giveaway, says gordon brown as he suggests he still wants to be premier.
3			management			goodbye snmp? hello, ws management laoping writes has a story about a new web services management specification designed to simplify network administration across a wide range of devices.
2			game			no time to rest for 49ers quinn quinn, the san francisco 49ers defensive line coach,helps devise the game plan, fine tunes the starters, teaches the never ending stream of new linemen the scheme, sneaks in a workout of his own, keeps his pate freshly shaved, checks in with his wife
2			jeff	round	championship	sport			sluman leads chrysler championship after record 62 palm harbor, fl sports network jeff sluman fired a course record, nine under par 62 on thursday to take the first round lead at the chrysler championship.
2			game			review: new hawk game most thorough ever there 's only one thing better than riding a halfpipe ramp in tony hawk 's underground 2 doing it in real life.
4			project			catching the nano wave cnet 's charles cooper says getting funding for the nanotechnology manhattan project is the right idea. but is anybody listening?
4			processor	desktop	design	system	feature	high			apple unveils imac g5 the new imac g5, which begins shipping worldwide mid september, features the high performance g5 processor and a stunning new design that integrates the entire computer right into its 17 or 20 inch flat panel display. the imac g5 packs a complete computer system into a mere two inches of depth the world 's thinnest desktop computer, with a g5 processor running up to 1.8 ghz. aug 31
3			investment	buying			rupert buys back the farm, the art and harbourside house rupert murdoch is literally buying back the farm and the art and other myriad investments worth more than $ 50 million. as part of the proposed move of the news corporation ltd to the us, mr murdoch and his
1			president			fujimori accounts hold millions of dollars peru former peruvian president albertofujimori's bank accounts contain millions of dollars, much morethan he could earn and potential proof that he stole large sumsof state money during his 10 year rule, a supreme court judgesaid on saturday. p
2			leader	sport	score			ap leader sees internet as future of news the internet will change the way news is provided to the world by giving consumers the power to demand and receive any sports score, analysis or breaking story instantly, the head of the world's largest news organization said.
2			system	game	player			game boy player i ve been playing with the game boy player since it 's march release in japan. if you have any interest in some of the awesome game boy advance games and don 't own a game boy advance system already, this is a must buy.
4			pack	system	virus	software	researcher	feature	flaw			researchers find holes in xp sp2 security researchers found two software flaws in the windows xp service pack 2 that could allow virus writers and malicious hackers to sidestep new security features in the operating system.
1			talk			say slams teammates relay effort the meltdown continues in the pool for canada 's swimmers. only this time, it 's talk and not just times that are creating heat. rick say, who has posted canada 's best individual showing in the pool with a sixth place finish in the highly ...
3			profit	sale	retailer			limited brands lifts operating profit limited brands inc. on thursday reported higher quarterly operating profit as cost controls and strong lingerie sales offset poor results at the retailer's express apparel stores.
4			design			first look: oqo handheld pc fails to excite design and performance issues hold back this very cool idea.
2			team	race	championship	second			villeneuve fired up for battle jacques villeneuve has admitted he is desperate to get one over on former team bar after signing a three race deal with renault. renault and bar are currently vying for second in the constructors championship.
2			championship			stolz turns it around at michelin championship last week andre stolz was considering coming back to australia from the us early. he was frustrated with his progress, or rather lack of it, in 2004 and with little likelihood of a start at next week 's event
2			game	team			more blazers than tracksuits at games if you picture an olympic team as athletes in tracksuits with a few blazer clad types in the background to look after them, it is time for a radical rethink.
1			party	race			washington dems get out the vote the governor's race is still undecided in washington state, and democratic party volunteers are frantically calling voters with disputed provisional ballots after a judge orders officials to release the names. republicans are miffed.
4			system	erp			ca picks sap for erp rollout computer associates will install an sap erp system to replace a collection of homegrown accounting systems. accenture will help with the implementation.
4			software	management	suite	version			oracle provides details on e business suite release version 11i.10 will focus on industry specific capabilities and will add new software for procurement management. by laurie sullivan.
4			application	suite			oracle 's improved business suite at the open world conference, which commenced yesterday in london, oracle laid out the most comprehensive offering yet of its business suite of applications and unveiled new procurement applications for contracts and services.
4			system	software	upgrade	management	file	alternative			accurev touts software configuration management approach accurev on monday will release an upgrade to its scm software configuration management package that the company argues offers a superior alternative to file based scm systems.
4			ibm	management	technology	volume	storage			ibm supersizes storage arrays ibm this week is expected to debut its highest capacity storage arrays, although the products' real differentiator is a mix of management technologies designed to help customers get a better handle on where to store growing volumes of data.
2			game	season			serf's up in the video game industry holiday season in the video game industry is the equivalent of television's sweeps week, which perhaps is why new reports painting game designers as 21st century style dickensian factory laborers are proving especially noteworthy.
4			silicon			silicon still rocks the house online music downloading might be the new wave in the music business, but it won't crest for at least another five years, according to a new report.
4			scientist	project			setihome signal story sees much more than meets the eye a recent article in new scientist magazine, entitled mysterious signals from 1000 light years away, implies that the uc berkeley setihome project has uncovered a very convincing candidate
2			minute	stadium	fan	game	sport			truck delivers action the tv timeout is one of the banes of a sports fan's life. you're at a stadium, the game is rolling along . . until everything just stops for 1 1 2 2 1 2 minutes.
3			investor	fund	finance			future bright for islamic finance after spending three years and $ 2 million, eric meyer has got the go ahead from a gaggle of lawyers, regulators and crucially four different sharia scholars to market the first hedge fund for islamic investors.
3			talk	sale	holding			french raider may push for havas sale the stakes are getting higher for one of the advertising industry 's biggest holding companies. with talk of a sale or breakup of france 's havas, reports emerged yesterday
2			insurance	rating	top	side	sport			honda cr v suv gets top rating in side crash test honda motor co. ltd. 's 2005 model cr v compact sport utility vehicle has earned the top safety rating in side impact crash tests, a us research group linked to the insurance industry said on friday.
3			shareholder			oracle still in fight for peoplesoft despite shareholder support after 18 months of heated rhetoric, antitrust judgments and a few billion dollars more, oracle corp. 's hostile bid for smaller rival peoplesoft inc.
1			agenda	minister			ministerial meeting of the arctic council in reykjavik on 24 ... foreign minister jan petersen is attending the ministerial meeting of the arctic council in iceland on 24 november. the most important item on the agenda is a discussion of the arctic climate impact assessment.
2			fan	club			mellberg made to eat his words it is a truth universally acknowledged that jane austen was probably not an aston villa fan, but she summed up the angst of the clubs supporters when she wrote: one has no great hopes from birmingham.
2			pitcher	jay	dead	team	sport			sports: blue jays announcer found dead in hotel room toronto former toronto pitcher john cerutti seh roo tee was found dead in his hotel room today, according to the team. he was 44.
1			leader			midwest awash in giant grottos in the early 20th century, artists and religious leaders in the midwest outdid each other building vast shrines called grottos. many of these eccentric constructions remain significant attractions today. michelle delio reports from dickeyville, wisconsin.
2			game	team	side			gayle scatters flock of seagulls another day, another duff game. at least it had a semblance of meaning, featuring a once mighty side lurching from one nightmare to another against an embryonic team who are marginally improving.
2			game			new video game lets you kill jfk jfk reloaded from scottish videogame company traffic games lets you become lee harvey oswald and recreate the assassination of jfk.
4			microsystems	top	system	developer	application			rp developers urged: write apps for future online devices with billions of devices going online, sun microsystems expects more opportunities to open up for developers and system integrators who can build new applications on top of these devices.
4			email	good	shot	technology			nokia takes a smart shot it 's good to be good these days. good technology, that is. the private maker of a wireless email service that claims to be more agnostic than the popular blackberry service from
2			coach			isiah calls it all, except own number the more that isiah thomas insisted yesterday he will never coach the knicks, the more you wanted to ask, well, why would you?
2			cowboy	football	war	night	stadium	game			utes, cowboys sit through power outage the start of the utah wyoming football game was delayed nearly two hours saturday night because of a brownout at war memorial stadium.
4			ibm	technology			china new york ibm deal reflects global realignment international business machines corp. tuesday agreed to sell its personal computer business to china 's largest computer manufacturer, backing out of a market the venerable technology
1			president	development			gap aims at women over 35 for new store gap inc. gps on wednesday said it would test a new store concept next year aimed at women over age 35, and named gap brand president gary muto to oversee the development.
4			project			intel prepares for next 20 years of chip making intel corp. pulled back the curtain friday on some of its future research projects to continue making transistors smaller, faster and less power hungry out as far as 2020.
2			soccer	match			soccer: ferdinand back but silvestre shines all eyes were on rio ferdinand as he returned to old trafford yesterday after an eight match ban for missing a drugs test. however it was his central defensive partner mikael silvestre who stole the show with
2			stadium			tendulkar bats, but hopes look slim sachin tendulkar, left, has a friendly chat with shane warne during yesterday 's practice session at mumbai 's brabourne stadium.
4			use	mac	application	switch			mac os x tip of the week: application switching when you want to switch from one open application to another, you don t have to move your cursor down to the dock. your hands don t even have to leave the keyboard. read this week 's tip to learn how you can use simple keystrokes to switch quickly between open apps. dec 07
3			general	sale	share			diageo raises $ 2.26 bn through sale of general mills shares london, october 5 diageo plc has raised $ 2.26 billion 1.84 billion from the sale of more than half of its stake in the us based cereal maker, general mills inc.
1			conflict			kpmg reveals us critiques of itself one of the biggest us accounting firms has disclosed voluntarily a possible violation of conflict of interest rules. kpmg, one of the four largest us accounting firms, said
2			coach	season			boise state coach hawkins signs extension boise state coach dan hawkins signed a five year, 2.6 million contract extension on tuesday that could keep him with the broncos through the 2009 season.
1			election	development			ukraine supreme court opens hearing into vote fraud charges as the court met on whether the election results should be nullified, there were two other significant developments.
2			space	team	race			canadian team joins rocket launch contest the 10 million competition to send a private manned rocket into space started looking more like a race thursday, when a canadian team announced plans to launch its rocket three days after an american group intends to begin qualifying for the ansari x prize.
4			linux	software	project	source			impi linux 2 to be launched at open source installfest impi linux, a local open source software project geared towards promoting the widespread adoption of open source software in africa, will launch impi linux 2 at the open source installfest at dimension data campus
4			investment	networking			cisco to invest more heavily in asia the networking giant announces plans for its first research center in china and for a venture investment program in india.
4			system	software	voip	vendor			cisco to buy voip software vendor cisco systems inc. this week announced plans to acquire dynamicsoft inc., a maker of carrier voip software based on session initiation protocol.
4			core			intel expands core concept for chips com december 17, 2004, 4:00 am pt. intel plans to come out with chips containing two processing cores next year, but that 's just the start.
4			generation			toshiba create dual layered dvd hd dvd disc toshiba has announced a dual layered disc that will playback both hd dvd and dvd formats strengthing its offering in the battle of the next generation dvd formats.
2			team	season			half of giants starting defensive line lost for season giants defensive end michael strahan is done for the year and will be joined on the inactive list for the remainder of the season by the team 's other starting defensive end keith washington.
2			career	title			els seeks fourth title in south african event ernie els hasn 't won a major this year. but he has a chance for a fourth career title in what 's billed as south africa 's major the uss $ 4.06 million nedbank challenge.
3			good			the perfect shop for children who like to toy with money americas thanksgiving day brought good news for the child who has everything. almost a year after it went bankrupt and closed down, fao schwarz, the worlds most renowned toy shop, yesterday reopened its store on new yorks fifth avenue.
3			share	value	price			warner chilcott gets 837p approach northern ireland drug company warner chilcott says it has received a takeover approach at a price of 837p per share. this would value the company at more than 1.
4			technology			new study finds technology already exists to solve global warming a new study finds that technologies already exist to solve the problem of global warming. it says strategies employing these technologies over the next fifty years could put the brakes on rising levels of
4			use	cell			china unicom cuts ties with 45 isps to curb web porn china unicom announced wednesday that it has severed ties with 45 internet service providers isp involved in the use of cell phones in pornographic business in the past month.
4			user			us music firms sue 'web pirates' us music firms take legal action against 754 computer users alleged to illegally swap music online.
4			tool	software	java	development			borland details latest on jbuilder the software company reveals details of update to its flagship java development tool, jbuilder 2005, available next month.
4			ship	processor	technology	frequency			transmeta ships new chip with antivirus technology newest efficeon processor also offers higher frequency using less power.
4			gain	technology	share			two tech firms grow by acquisitions two local corporations, zoll medical corp. of chelmsford and viisage technology inc. of billerica, recently acquired companies in an effort to gain further market share in their respective industries.
2			franchise			jets shake off slow start, stay undefeated chad pennington could feel the pressure of trying to make franchise history weighing down his teammates. trailing 14 3 at halftime, pennington spoke up in the locker room.
4			user	database	software	upgrade	linux			sybase offers free database for linux company hopes to attract users who will later upgrade to its small business software.
1			election	opposition			new polls show australian government neck and neck with opposition two new polls showed australia's conservative government and labor opposition neck and neck after the first week of campaigning for the october 9 election.
4			debate	technology			which candidate is more tech friendly? partisan panel debates presidential candidates' stand on technology issues.
1			president	election	attack			doctors expect full recovery for bill clinton former president bill clinton, who narrowly escaped having a heart attack, should be able to resume his active lifestyle, his doctors say. but whether that includes campaigning in the remaining two months before the presidential election is questionable...
2			champion			wada chief wants hearing into jones doping world anti doping agency chief dick pound thinks allegations that olympic sprint champion marion jones used steroids are serious enough to warrant a hearing.
2			stadium	football	side			nyc group ok's west side redevelopment new york city's planning commission on monday approved a sweeping rezoning of manhattan's far west side, advancing a plan for a 5 billion redevelopment that includes a new jets' football stadium.
2			player	game	president			new video game recreates kennedy assassination a new video game to be released on monday allows players to simulate the assassination of u.s. president john f. kennedy.
4			feature	software	technology			ios changes could alter face of cisco routers companies can expect to see more modularity and features in cisco'sios software over the next several quarters, as the elements of technology it recently introduced for carriers trickles down to business customers.
1			nation	election			ohio still counting provisional ballots thanks to john kerry's concession speech, ohio's election workers don't exactly have the eyes of the nation on them, but their job of checking and counting the state's provisional ballots is as difficult and time consuming as ever.
1			parliament	politician	debate	run	british			protestors disrupt fox hunting debate in british parliament tony eastley: hot on the heels of having batman break into buckingham palace, protesters have run onto the floor of the british parliament yelling at politicians as they debated a ban on fox hunting.
4			science			excelling at science science instructor roxanne hunker 's methods are a bit unorthodox: she shuns science textbooks and seldom assigns homework. yet year after year, her hands on instruction has groomed a multitude
2			game	championship	bowl	series			utes forcing way in just a few weeks ago, the utah utes were building an impassioned case for why they belonged in a bowl championship series game.
2			nfl	sport	table			nfl 's tv windfall shows no signs of slowing it 's big news whenever the television networks throw $ 8 billion on the table, and even moreso when it 's being thrown at the nfl, the halliburton of sports.
1			leadership	party	military			china communists meet as succession rumors swirl china 's communist party opened a four day, closed door meeting on thursday that will decide whether military chief jiang zemin completes a leadership succession by passing on his last post to party chief hu jintao.
4			worm	virus	software	researcher			hp plans to slow net worms hewlett packard is working on software that it says could slow the spread of internet borne worms and viruses, ap reports. researchers at the company say the new virus throttling software would not destroy
4			system	erp	scale	development	project			avis europe is latest to get stung by it avis europe has scrapped development of a new erp system because of cost overruns and delays, and will also scale back its overall it restructuring project.
4			bargain	software			the $ 5.35 software bargain those looking at lawson software's long term potential will like what they see.
4			platform	java	language	standard	version			sun shines on standard java 5.0 there 's a new version of java and sun describes it as the most significant update ever to the platform neutral programming language.
4			development	software	source			opinion: regarding stallman 's vision i ve always been mixed about the open source movement because while my feelings suggest that this is surely a great innovation in software development scene, there are other many things that i don 't agree with.
4			software	microsoft	pas			ms sues resellers for counterfeit certificates microsoft is taking action against us resellers who are using dodgy certificates of authenticity coa to pass off counterfeit software as the real deal.
2			match			search engine forums spotlight links to this week's topics from search engine forums across the web: how do i spot cloaked sites? geico takes aim at google for selling ads linked to trademarks overture match type changes seo: how do you separate truth from speculation? how to emergency pause your adwords campaign
4			system	enterprise	switch			fujitsu, cisco form strategic alliance fujitsu and cisco systems have reached a fundamental agreement to enter into a strategic alliance focusing on routers and switches that will enable service providers and enterprises to build advanced internet protocol ip
2			team			remains of genghis khan palace unearthed archaeologists have unearthed the site of genghis khan's palace and believe the long sought grave of the 13th century mongolian warrior is somewhere nearby, the head of the excavation team said wednesday.
2			season			this week in apple news apple computer introduced a slew of new machines as it gears up for the annual holiday shopping season.
2			minute	goal	yard	soccer	player	sport			o rourke more then stats and hairstyles soccer is a sport with a field 80 yards wide by 120 yards long, and 22 players running for 90 minutes. often times the only players that stand out are the ones that put up big numbers, scoring goals and setting up others.
4			feature	application	suite	version			netsuite injects apps with 'upsell' features, improves analytics asp netsuite on thursday unveiled the latest version of its hosted applications suite with a focus on upsell and e commerce functionality.
3			gain	stock			market little changed at open the sharemarket was virtually flat at the open today as losses in the financial sector and news corp nullified gains in resources and gold stocks.
1			politics	military			australia accused over fair trial call canberra has been accused of playing politics after it called on washington to ensure the military trials of two australians are conducted fairly.
4			system			update 1 pacificare to buy american medical for $ 502 mln pacificare health systems inc. phs.n: quote, profile, research , one of the biggest medicare plan providers, said on wednesday it has agreed to buy health care benefits provider american medical security group inc.
4			design	mini			apple unveils location of six mini stores at a private viewing in palo alto, calif., apple computer inc. on thursday unveiled its new mini retail store design. the new stores will be opening this saturday at 10 a.m. in palo alto, ca; san jose, ca; santa rosa, ca; tukwila, wa; bridgewater, nj; and rockaway, nj.
1			tension	president	development			singapore welcomes chen 's address singapore 's foreign ministry said yesterday that it welcomed president chen shui bian 's address a day earlier, calling it a development that would reduce tensions between taiwan and china.
4			development			intel announces milestone in shrinking chips san jose, calif. semiconductor company intel says it has made a breakthrough development in shrinking the size of chips. the santa clara based company announced today it has created a fully functional 70 megabit
3			value			mci writes down value of telephone network by $ 3.5 billion ... mci inc. plans to write down the value of its assets by $ 3.5 billion to reflect the decreased worth of the company 's telephone network as its consumer business shrinks.
4			cell	speed	scientist			stress 'may speed up cell ageing' scientists suggest stress is linked to faster cell ageing which could lead to the early onset of age related diseases.
4			technology	price			four infineon executives headed to prison four infineon technologies executives have agreed to pay us $ 250,000 fines and serve prison time in the us for their roles in an international conspiracy to fix prices for dram computer memory chips, the justice department announced yesterday.
2			coach	team			grieving sloan has team to lean on utah jazz coach jerry sloan is coping without his wife of 41 years, bobbye, who died on june 18 at age 61 from pancreatic cancer.
2			game			photo 7 of 8: global gamers clash for cash $ 2.5 million in prize money is on the line as gamers from uzbekistan to ecuador compete in the world cyber games.
3			buying	sale			us supreme court hears dispute over interstate wine sales; maine ... the supreme court is considering whether states may bar people from buying wine directly from out of state suppliers, a big money question that could lead to sweeping changes
4			platform	microsystems	microsoft	upgrade	developer	application			sun upgrades j2se platform application developers got several new options last week as sun microsystems updated j2se, borland upped its corba ante, and compuware announced products that will work with microsoft 's visual studio 2005 toolbox.
3			chain	sale	second			saks posts wider second quarter loss saks inc. sks.n on tuesday posted a wider quarterly loss as poor sales at its lower priced department stores outweighed a strong performance at its saks fifth avenue luxury chain.
3			growth	slowdown	sale	enterprise			enterprise purchases sustain pc sales the numbers suggest a long expected slowdown in pc sales growth is taking hold, but also that at least modest growth is possible well into the future since businesses, from small firms to large
2			league	hockey	broke	talk	nhl	season	player	sport			nhl rejects union plan, talks end without contract contract talks broke off today between the national hockey league and its locked out players union, leaving the sport a step closer to wiping out its whole season.
4			gene	technology	science			programs: for stealth lovers, 'thief' is a steal gene emery is a columnist who covers science and technology. his internet address is gemery at any opinions in the column are his alone.
2			play	game			nintendo ds plays music and video nintendo is making a media add on for its ds game console that will let it play music and video.
4			copyright	technology			copyright bill needs big changes technology companies and public interest groups want to narrow the scope of the controversial induce act to focus on those who engage in 'mass, indiscriminate infringing conduct.' by katie dean.
2			title	medal	soccer	team	play			fab five want to go out with gold medal the long goodbye ends for the fab five on thursday when the u.s. women's soccer team plays brazil for the olympic title...
1			president			dominicans send juiced message dominican new yorkers had a message yesterday for the newly elected president of their homeland: let there be light.
1			talk			states pull out of talks to cut aircraft pollution u.s. state and local air pollution control officials said on tuesday they are pulling out of five year old talks to develop a voluntary program for reducing pollution from aircraft engines.
4			system	ibm	linux	server	computing			ibm rolls out new linux server using power5 chip international business machines corp on sunday announced a new computer server using its power5 microprocessor tuned for the popular linux operating system, as the no. 1 computer maker aims to broaden the adoption of linux in broader corporate computing markets.
2			coach	game	bowl			new mexico 's long gets extension through 2009 new mexico, on the verge of going to a third straight bowl game, tuesday gave coach rocky long a contract extension through 2009. while details of the new contract are still being worked
4			upgrade	high	speed	development			sprint upgrades mobile network sprint corp. said on tuesday it would spend $ us3 billion $ nz4.2 billion over the next three years to upgrade its mobile network including the development of high speed internet services.
4			share	fund	technology	institute	use	scientist			novartis to share diabetes research swiss drug giant novartis sa said yesterday it is spending $ 4 million to fund scientists performing diabetes research at harvard university, the massachusetts institute of technology, and the broad institute, and will make the findings public for other scientists to use.
2			game	series			oddworld gets wrathful electronic arts announced today that the next game in the oddworld series, until now known as oddworld stranger, is now officially titled oddworld stranger 's wrath.
2			use	white	fall	sport			with drug tainted past, few track records fall suspicion of performance enhancing drug use circles the sport now, but the evidence of past doping remains in black and white.
4			infrastructure	priority	microsoft	enterprise	identity	code	use	project			mysql to make use of microsoft code this fourth priority 's main focus has been enterprise directories as organizations spawn projects around identity infrastructure.
2			good	season			slip a geek book under the tree tech gifts needn't be electronic. geeks and non geeks alike can enjoy the old fashioned pleasure of curling up by the fire with a good read. michelle delio reviews a passel of new books just in time for the holiday season.
2			fan	football	season			highlights of the college football weekend college football fans welcomed back the first full weekend of the season with plenty of excitement and storylines over a holiday weekend packed with action.
4			journalist	technology			review: horror comes home in silent hill 4 editor 's note: the opinions expressed in this column are solely those of marc saltzman, a freelance technology journalist whose reviews also appear on the gannett news service.
1			debate	police	country	minister	opposition			fleeing mp arrested in zimbabwe zimbabwe police arrested an opposition mp as he tried to flee the country on thursday to escape a one year jail term for assaulting the justice minister during a parliamentary debate over land seizures.
4			user			google sms great for google and users too great for google and users too i have tested google search on wap and it works fine. but considering google has around 4.2 billion pages as per their homepage , finding information on a mobile phone is not fun. especially when you are looking for something very discreet like ...
2			point	play	cup	game	match			us overcomes inconsistent play by following simple qualifying ... qualifying for the world cup isn 't all that complicated. get three points from every home game and one from every road match and you ll make it every time.
3			software	sale	stock			stocks up on peoplesoft deal, retail data u.s. stocks rose on monday after software maker peoplesoft inc. accepted rival oracle corp.'s buyout offer and a government report showed better than expected retail sales in november, signaling an uptick in consumer spending.
3			profit	stock	price			ultimate electronics' shaky base the stock has soared thanks to homebuilders, but not enough profits are built into the price.
3			sale			sales tax deduction revived washington taxpayers will be able to deduct their state sales taxes from their federal income taxes if the us senate votes this weekend to approve a major tax overhaul.
1			talk			former boeing official druyun sentenced to prison former boeing co. official darleen a. druyun was sentenced to nine months in prison for secretly negotiating a job for herself while representing the pentagon in talks with the company
4			ram	president	technology			peoplesoft exec follows conway out the door within two weeks of the firing of ceo craig conway, peoplesoft has seen the departure of ram gupta, senior vice president of products and technology.
1			election	opposition			ukrainians rally in support of yushchenko tens of thousands of people supporting opposition presidential candidate viktor yushchenko rallied in ukraine's capital saturday demanding that next week's presidential election be free and fair.
4			software	gain	technology			software based radio gains support fcc approves the technology that could transform wireless communications.
4			price	low	technology	share			exide battery shares slump to 6 month low shares of exide technologies slumped to a six month low on tuesday, a day after the lead battery maker posted a wider quarterly loss due to dramatically higher lead prices.
4			use	high	software			reporting to work mid flight business travelers will soon take advantage of airborne internet if two companies have their way. boeing and software maker ipass plan to use satellite and wi fi to connect high fliers to the office.
4			generation			new wi fi spec pushes for 100 mbps a consortium of companies collaborating under the moniker wwise today announced their intended submission of a complete joint proposal to the ieee 802.11 task group n tgn , which is chartered with developing a next generation ...
4			core			precision castparts to sell branches precision castparts corp. , which makes jet engine components, on friday said it will sell its pump and valve businesses because they are not core businesses.
3			shareholder	miner			gold fields acceptances up increasing, marketing director for world number four gold miner harmony har ferdi dippenaar said on wednesday. however, dippenaar wouldn 't disclosure the exact level of acceptances received from gold fields shareholders.
1			party	democrat	nation	election			local government vote raises spd 's hopes german chancellor gerhard schroeder 's social democrat party spd have seized on regional elections in the nation 's biggest state as a sign of a turnaround in the party 's political fortunes.
4			worm	virus	software			fiorina: hp readies software to choke computer worms who says carly fiorina doesn 't have a firm hand on the business? hewlett packard nyse: hpq news people is working on software to choke the spread of internet viruses and worms.
4			priority	hardware			3com challenges cisco to router duel com september 13, 2004, 1:28 pm pt. with the economy slowly turning up, upgrading hardware has been on businesses radar in the past 12 months as their number two priority.
3			growth	stock			update 2 instant view stocks us september job growth lags the following are comments from stock market analysts and strategists about the us labor department 's report that us nonfarm payrolls expanded by a less than expected 96,000 in september.
4			system	top			problem of big dig leaks widespread, records show leaks in the big dig highway tunnel system are more widespread than officials have acknowledged, and top construction managers warned as far back as six years ago about problems that could cause waterproofing failures, records show.
4			system	software	ibm	standard			honda ibm improve speech recognition system honda motor co., with software help from ibm, is preparing to introduce an improved speech recognition system as standard equipment on the 2005 acura rl sedan.
2			management	wood	tiger	sport			tiger woods agents sold the sports and celebrity management firm which represents clients such as tiger woods and elizabeth hurley is to be sold to a buyout specialist, it emerged today.
3			chain			staff fix needed at diy website , the internet home improvement service and part of the b q chain, is freezing orders until more staff can be found.
4			technology			nortel announces sprint extension worth us $ 1b; lucent claims us ... sprint communications co. has again split big wireless network equipment contracts between nortel networks corp. and lucent technologies.
4			software	microsoft			eu sets date for microsoft appeal a european union court will rule in december on an appeal by software giant microsoft to suspend eu sanctions.
3			leader	stock	share			google co founders to sell company shares google inc. co founders larry page and sergey brin each plan to sell up to 7.2 million shares of their stock in the online search engine leader during the next 18 months
4			user	software			users: data validity, security issues can arise during bi rollouts although business intelligence software can yield major benefits for companies, a variety of challenges can arise during implementations, said users at the business intelligence perspectives conference.
3			stock			transacting up and down do the third quarter numbers mean continued volatility for this small cap stock?
4			patent	microsoft	technology			uspto close to rejecting plug in patent the us patent and trademark office uspto moved a step closer to overturning a web browser plug in patent at the heart of a multi million dollar dispute between microsoft quote, chart and eolas technologies.
3			sale			sony psp goes on sale in japan having done all it can with the ps2, sony has today launched the psp to a waiting japanese market. roughly 1,300 impatient people waited their turn at an outlet of yodobashi in shinjuku district while the
4			software	project			hp sinks utility project, lays off some workers firm to sell utility data center package as separate software modules. udc staff handed walking papers.
4			system	microsystems	version			sun to unveil much awaited version of solaris sun microsystems is going to unveil its newest version of solaris operating system. in. sun microsystems is going to unveil its newest version of solaris operating system.
3			ipo	stock	share			google up in market debut after bumpy ipo google inc. shares made their long awaited stock market debut on thursday, rising sharply to $ 100 after an initial public offering marked by missteps and lackluster market conditions.
2			chelsea	game	team	win			chelsea 0 psg 0 chelsea were barking up the wrong tree as they were muzzled by a psg team who had failed to win an away game in europe for seven years.
4			software			ellision: oracle to oversupport peoplesoft customer business software maker oracle corp. will do everything it can to support peoplesoft inc. customers, who are vital to the success of oracle 's proposed $ 9.2 billion takeover of peoplesoft, oracle
4			dna	technology	use	concern	scientist			scientist has concerns about uses of dna the scientist who discovered genetic fingerprinting two decades ago said wednesday that he has some concerns about the use of the technology.
4			user	software	microsoft	patch			microsoft to help users prepare for patching microsoft has promised to give advance notice of its monthly security updates to customers to help them prepare to install related software patches.
1			president			brazil gm move sparks row brazil's president provokes controversy by approving the temporary planting of genetically modified crops.
3			retailer			retailers ask: why wait? it's only thanksgiving, but sara taggart already feels behind on her christmas shopping.
1			agenda	president			g.o.p. vows to offer detailed agenda at its convention republicans also said they would seek to turn any disruptions at the convention to their advantage, by portraying protests as democratic sanctioned displays of disrespect for a sitting president.
2			basketball	trophy			huskies keep tide at bay kennedy winston, like his university of alabama basketball teammates, sunk back in his chair on the bench and watched as the university of washington accepted the trophy for the great alaska shootout.
1			corruption	party	prime	minister			mahathir frustrated with corruption in umno former prime minister mahathir mohamad said he is utterly frustrated that the malay party he helped develop into malaysia 's dominant political force has become riddled with corruption and bribery.
4			ibm	software	upgrade	microsoft			microsoft, dell and vintela aim to eat ibm 's lunch microsoft is set to change the way that organisations handle upgrades. the company has teamed up with dell and vintela in an attempt to cut the people hours that are spent on software support.
2			medal	sport			bad scoring and slights at the olympics michael wilbon is wrong sports, aug. 22. paul hamm should turn in his gold medal, which he did not earn. the judges clerical error had no effect on how paul hamm or yang tae young performed, and the correction can be made after the fact.
3			sale	earnings	outlook			outlook weakens for resting place maker hillenbrand industries inc. , which makes medical equipment and caskets, on tuesday said quarterly earnings rose, capping a year that saw sales helped by acquisitions.
2			night	game	team	teammate			teammate slaps rower the intense emotion surrounding olympian sally robbins increased yesterday when she left a team function in tears on monday night after being slapped by athens games teammate catriona oliver.
4			standard	development			intel, symbian to define 3g smart phone 'standard intel 's attempt to conquer the mobile phone chip market took a mighty step forward today when the chip maker announced a partnership with leading smart phone os maker symbian and leading smart phone manufacturer nokia to co operate on the development of
4			user	system	content	developer			nokia brews up its own content distribution system the handset giant has announced an operator brandable end to end content distribution system in an effort to satisfy the needs of developers, carriers and end users.
3			investment			macquarie trumps with $ 2.6b road bid a consortium led by investment bank macquarie bank won aa $ 2.5 billion $ 2.68 billion contract yesterday to build australia 's longest toll road, edging out a rival bid led by transurban group.
4			copyright	technology			glickman to film industry: nurture new technology in his first major speech to hollywood executives dan glickman, the new head of the motion picture association of america, said the industry must embrace new digital and internet technologies while continuing to battle copyright pirates.
4			technology			tsa reconsiders technology contract the transportation security administration yesterday said it would resume plans to seek bids for a large technology maintenance contract, ending consideration of a proposal to give the work to an alaska native corporation without competition.
4			platform	infrastructure	system	upgrade	application			cisco systems acquires p cube p cube develops service control platforms, which help service providers identify subscribers, classify applications, improve service performance and charge for multiple services without costly infrastructure upgrades, cisco said.
3			sale			jaguar and ford pull out of formula one jaguar will pull out of formula one at the end of 2004, with parent company ford's engine maker cosworth also up for sale.
3			earnings			earnings alert: write downs widen directv's loss plus: time warner net income phone unit shores up verizon...gateway trims loss in third delays earnings.
2			coach			jol puts hand up for tottenham post tottenham caretaker coach martin jol has confirmed he 's interested in taking over the reigns from jacques santini. it 's a terrific job, everyone would want a job like that, he said.
3			stock			asian stock markets close mixed asian stock markets closed mixed monday, with the key indexes dipping both in hong kong and singapore. japanese financial markets were closed for a national holiday.
4			design	science			new haven firm gets nod for center hartford ap sept. 24, 2004 1:00 pm a new haven architect has been chosen to design the new science center to be built at adriaen 's landing in hartford.
4			evolution	feature			sony ericsson cingular wireless introduce z500a the sony ericsson z500a is available for connection to cingular 's edge enhanced data for global evolution network. the new mobile phone features a built in digital camera with zoom, a built in video camera
4			use	vendor	technology	generation			analyst sees cingular awarding deal soon prudential equity group on friday said cingular wireless has made a decision on which vendors it will use for the deployment of its next generation wireless network, with ericsson and lucent technologies inc. likely the biggest beneficiaries.
3			game	retailer	earnings			electronics boutique quintuples earnings video game retailer posts strong results leading into holiday quarter.
2			team	coach	title	race			west virginia out of national title race his team 's national title hopes dashed, west virginia coach rich rodriguez searched for a positive to take out of the mountaineers loss to middling virginia tech.
4			software	sharing	microsoft			microsoft opens portals for governments the solutions sharing network allows government entities to post their own tips, procedures and even in house software.
2			coach	win			win offers some relief for coach it 's almost certainly too little too late, although after what took place here on saturday afternoon the rope reserved for the head coach has been put aside for the time being.
3			retailer			after busy black friday, shoppers downshift shoppers spent their money on friday and browsed the rest of the weekend, according to a retailers trade group. the retail council of new york state reported an erratic
3			trader			it girl turned sole trader makes millions as jimmy choo deal is ... tamara mellon, the former it girl and fashion pr, yesterday saw a 150,000 loan from her father turn into a 50m fortune when the jimmy choo shoes business was bought by the american
4			system	brain			wvu launches new brain surgery system west virginia university's neurosurgery department has launched a new system to help surgeons view brain disorders and diseases more precisely.
4			user			google adsense expands to multiple advertising units google adsense expands to multiple advertising units google is now letting adsense publishers place google contextually targeted adsense advertising on up to 3 placements on one web page. google adsense had always stuck to their guns about one adsense ad per web page, however, web users may be getting used to ...
3			profit	software	sale			peoplesoft turns profit on revenue peoplesoft inc., the business software maker currently fending off a hostile bid from rival oracle corp., reported thursday it swung to a profit as sales increased in three of its business lines.
4			switch			stern switches to unfiltered saying he 's 'tired of the censorship, the shock jock announces he 's abandoning traditional broadcasting and going over to satellite.
2			round	sport			monty leads by two after late charge thousand oaks, ca sports network colin montgomerie eagled the 16th and birdied the 17th saturday en route to a four under 67 and a two stroke lead after three rounds of the target world challenge.
3			good			consumer goods companies set to reassure three u.s. consumer products makers will give a peek into their strategies this week and while the sector has been plagued by rising costs and stiff competition, analysts are optimistic about their prospects.
4			war	software			peoplesoft won 't go quietly a major battle is over, but the war for peoplesoft psft:nasdaq news research rages on. executives of the business software giant continued to resist oracle 's orcl:nasdaq news research $ 9 billion
3			chain			drugstore offers new wave of disposable cameras pharmacy chain cvs corp. on thursday said it would offer the world's first disposable digital camera with a bright color viewing screen that allows consumers to instantly preview pictures.
2			champion	player			calhoun not fond of loss but calhoun likes his players and his university and the fact that the huskies are the defending national champions a lot more. calhoun was livid with himself and the collective
2			coach	football			northwestern football coach hospitalized northwestern head football coach randy walker was hospitalized with an undisclosed illness before a monday press conference.
1			party	election	gain	president			brazilian ruling party makes gains in local elections brazil 's ruling party has made gains in sunday 's local elections seen as mid term referendum on the government of left leaning president luiz inacio lula da silva.
4			user	technology			firefox users ignore online ads, report says internet explorer users are at least four times as likely to click on web ads than firefox users, a german advertising technology company said last week.
1			president	development			gap to launch store for 'boomer' women gap inc. on wednesday said it plans to test a new store concept next year aimed at women over age 35, and named gap brand president gary muto to oversee the development.
2			play	player	high			toshiba, memory tech develop new dvd two japanese companies said tuesday they have developed a dvd that can play on both existing machines and the upcoming high definition players, raising hopes for a smooth transition as more people dump old tv sets for better screens.
4			user	software	microsoft			microsoft 's msn messenger service down briefly users of microsoft corp. msft.o: quote, profile, research msn messenger lost the ability to swap instant messages for a brief period, the world 's largest software maker said on tuesday.
4			software	management	identity			ca to acquire netegrity for $ 430m computer associates international will acquire identity management software supplier netegrity in an all cash transaction valued at $ 430m 241m .
2			game			peoplesoft v. oracle: game over? friday was a great day for oracle chief larry ellison. first, peoplesoft's board ousted the ceo who had fought so hard against oracle's hostile bid, then the feds announce they're dropping their antitrust complaint.
4			generation	linux	software	source			competitions foster next generation of linux talent ibm's linux scholar challenge is one of a few programs to drum up enthusiasm among students worldwide in linux and open source software.
4			run	game	technology			china college for internet game industry a college to provide training for the internet games industry has been opened in beijing. xinhua, china 's main government run news agency, reported saturday that china 's ministry of information technology, the
4			speed	generation	networking	technology	high	texas	standard			group to propose new high speed wireless format a group of technology companies including texas instruments inc. txn.n , stmicroelectronics and broadcom corp. brcm.o , on thursday said they will propose a new wireless networking standard up to 10 times the speed of the current generation.
4			user	processor	networking	broadband			intel's rosedale chip brings wimax closer rosedale is asystem on chip processor designed for networking gear that will wirelessly connect end users' homes or offices with a wimax based broadband network.
1			election	crisis	president	opposition			ukraine president wants new election facing a relentless tide of opposition protests, embattled president leonid kuchma said monday that a new election might be the only way out of a spiraling crisis that threatens to break up this former soviet republic between the pro
2			nba	league	top	baseball	sport			a special free agent sfx, one of the top sports representation firms, is in danger of losing agent arn tellem and potentially a star studded nba and major league baseball client list.
1			parliament			duma wants convincing arguments for kyoto ratification the state duma lower house of the russian parliament will ratify the kyoto protocol, but to make this decision, lawmakers want the government to present rather convincing arguments and figures, a number of
4			processor	system	vendor	server	high	gain			hp, unisys, and sgi intro itanium servers intel 's itanium gains ground as three vendors roll out new servers based on the processor. by darrell dunn. systems based on intel 's itanium processor this week will gain ground in the high performance server
4			design			new national indian museum is native by design from the wetlands out front to the undulating exterior, washington, d.c.'s new national museum of the american indian is built on native ideas. i includes photo gallery. i
4			content	ibm	software	developer	integration			ibm buys content integration developer ibm corp. has agreed to acquire content integration software maker venetica corp., a move that continues ibm's pattern of snapping up its business partners to augment its software portfolio.
3			reading	sale	stock	share			stocks bonds rally on retail sales data gives shares 3rd weekly ... wall street closed its third consecutive winning week with another rally yesterday, advancing as a new retail sales report and a consumer confidence reading showed that americans are growing more confident about the economy.
4			developer	networking	technology	licensing			ericsson pulls bluetooth division one of the key developers of bluetooth is shutting down the division that helped foster the personal area networking technology. ericsson has already started to shut down its 125 worker technology licensing
2			football	team	top	country	win			wins tough to find the revamped acc is one of the top football conferences in the country. but scheduling a non bcs conference team at home doesn't guarantee a win any more.
4			hardware	series			x prize group plans new series of contests com october 8, 2004, 2:31 pm pt. zdnet 's survey of it professionals in october kept upgrading hardware at number two on the businesses radar throughout the year.
4			desktop	tool			yahoo offers desktop search tool article central yahoo inc. announced that it has released a new tool to search computer hard drives as it strives to compete with rivals google inc.
3			good			pickers to vintners: a mexican american saga over the past few years the first fine wines made by former migrant workers, the children of those workers and other mexican americans have been released, winning good reviews.
2			championship	series	talk	game	bowl	sport			abc says it won 't attempt to retain all bcs games abc sports, which has carried the entire bowl championship series since 1998, withdrew yesterday from talks to retain the full package of games.
4			user	developer			study finds patterns in web site user motivations and questions web developer david poteet of new city media reports on the user interface 9 conference.
4			trick	application			phone home and find the way route finders, once limited to executive autos, have become part of advanced handsets and are now being designed into mobile phones. new smartphones can load computer like applications, adding mapping to their bag of tricks.
4			bug	tool	software	vendor	code			former cybersecurity czar: code checking tools needed washington software vendors need automated tools that look for bugs in their code, but it may be a decade before many of those tools are mature and widely used, said the former director of cybersecurity for the us
2			team	final	race	season			jordan hand glock china drive german driver timo glock will drive for jordan in the final three races of the formula one season after the contract of giorgio pantano was terminated, the team said today.
4			technology	development			midway purchase was inevitable acquisitions such as the one for the development studio are more about people and technology than anything else.
4			mouse	technology			new computer technology replaces mouse control with facial ... hamish robertson: staying with computers, that world was opened up to many people, especially those with disabilities, by the invention of voice recognition technology.
1			politics	region	country	boston			different world lisa klefos can't quite remember whether it was city life that drove her out of boston or the beauty of vermont's northeast kingdom that drew her up country. it was either a combination of drivers, politics, and taxes that made it time for her to leave, or it is the overwhelming beauty of the lake memphremagog region she ...
1			relation	president			taiwan chen plans national day speech on china taiwan president chen shui bian said on monday he will make an important policy statement in his national day address on oct. 10 that aims to soothe tense relations with arch foe china.
3			management			nortel further delays release of financial statements nortel networks said the further delay in its release of financial information will permit the resolution of focused revenue reporting issues and remaining accounting matters identified by nortel management.
1			tension	opposition			opposition supporters leave tent camp in kyiv, but many plan to stay kyiv, ukraine ap demonstrators removed blockades near the government building in ukraine's capital on thursday, signalling a further decrease in tensions following parliament's adoption of electoral and constitutional changes ahead of a repeat presidential runoff vote.
4			ibm	management	technology	storage			ibm supersizes storage arrays ibm this week is expected to debut its highest capacity storage arrays, although the products real differentiator is a mix of management technologies designed to help customers get a better handle on where to store
2			team	master	victory	coach	game			xaverian masters brockton xaverian coach charlie stevenson approached yesterday's game against no. 3 brockton as a sort of litmus test for his team. this was really a measuring game for us, he said after a 35 21 victory for his no. 6 hawks. as a team, we weren't really sure where we were at after the first two games.
4			system	hacker	linux	vendor			sco website defaced by hacker unix vendor sco group inc became the victim of a hacker over the thanksgiving weekend, in an apparent response to the company 's claims against the linux operating system.
2			point	career	team			jazz to retire john stockton's no. 12 john stockton's no. 12 will be retired by the utah jazz in november, honoring a point guard who spent his entire 19 year career with the team.
1			election			ghana a model for african elections urged to wield the power of the thumb, ghana 's people exercised it in force tuesday pressing ink moistened thumbs to ballots in an presidential election marking the
4			user	tool	microsoft			brief: fedex kinko's launches internet based print options fedex kinko's yesterday launched a web based tool geared toward mobile professionals and small businesses that allows microsoft windows users to connect to fedex kinko's printing centers.
3			share			nokia plans 40 new models in 05 helsinki: nokia, the world 's largest mobile phone maker, plans to bring 40 new handsets to the market next year as it seeks to expand its already dominant market share amid increased competition from rivals motorola, samsung electronics and sony ericsson.
3			trading	share			google makes market debut in a debut vaguely reminiscent of the boom, shares of internet search giant google surged in their first day of public trading.
3			investment	share	stock	price			google shares reach $ 126.86 as two major investment banks issued optimistic reports on the mountain view search engine company tuesday, its stock price jumped $ 8.
1			crisis			here's to your more americans are looking to canada for ideas on fixing the health care crisis.
2			final	game	win			czechs lament wasted chances six years later, the czech republic has found how bitter the taste of nagano can be. in a game very similar to their shoot out win over canada in the semi final at the 2002 olympics
4			system	microsoft	access			cisco, microsoft bridge security gap cisco systems and microsoft have announced a collaborative effort designed to bridge a divide between their emerging network access control architectures.
4			lab			particle lab celebrates 50 years the european research facility which invented the web and helped shape our view of matter is exactly 50 years old.
2			season			martin will cut schedule mark martin joined the growing list of longtime drivers easing their way out of nascar, announcing thursday that the 2005 season will be his last as a full time racer.
3			expense	profit	sale	retailer			payless posts profit on cost control retailer payless shoesource inc. on friday posted a quarterly profit, as lower advertising and payroll expenses and other cost savings offset decreased sales.
3			vendor	top	holding			taiwan market: top three mobile phone vendors grab 48 of the ... international mobile phone vendors motorola, nokia and sony ericsson mobile communications totaled 48 of the taiwan handset market in september, holding the top three positions, according to statistics compiled by taiwan mobile phone distributors.
1			party			house redistricting schemes not perfect state lawmakers who reconfigured congressional maps to benefit one party over another have drawn themselves into a corner in some house districts.
4			microsystems	system	linux	technology	gain	version			sun won 't charge for solaris 10 sun microsystems inc. 's plan to give away the latest version of its solaris operating system highlights the technology giant 's bid to roll back the gains of linux in the corporate technology market, analysts say.
2			play	champion	medal			federation asks hamm to give up gold medal in a move that only served to escalate the controversy surrounding american paul hamm's all around gold medal, the international gymnastics federation yesterday asked the olympic champion to give the medal to korean rival yang tae young as a gesture of fair play.
2			team			intel, wireless pioneer mccaw team up on wimax the chipmaker and craig mccaw's latest company partner on wimax a significant move for the emerging industry.
4			goal	tool	ibm	upgrade	software	development	developer			ibm, borland upgrade developer tools borland software corp. and ibm announced upgrades to their development tools this week designed to support heterogeneous environments and more closely link software creation to business goals.
1			ally			s.africa public sector unions strike over wages thousands of civil servants marched in cities across south africa thursday in a one day strike over wages seen as a test of will between the ruling african national congress anc and its labor allies.
2			champion	title	team			rossi admits surprise at title newly crowned world motogp champion valentino rossi has admitted his surprise at winning the title in his first year with new team yamaha.
2			game			gamers get playing half life 2 the global launch of the long awaited half life 2 game has been marred by online registration problems.
4			low	hardware			sony keeps psp production low, focuses on ps2 low initial shipment figures for sony 's forthcoming playstation portable are down to a decision to focus on manufacturing the profitable playstation 2 hardware, according to a spokesperson for the japanese giant.
4			science	software			artful software spots faked masterpieces the method could also be used to determine if more than one hand was involved in creating the work, something physical forensic science has never been able to do.
2			football	team	country	club	play			new napoli club to play in serie c1 a new naples football club, formed to replace the bankrupt team of the italian city, has been handed a place in the country 's third division.
4			microsoft	exchange	license	technology	server			microsoft licenses activesync for motorola, palmone smart phones microsoft has licensed its activesync technology to oem partners motorola and palmone to enable a new class of non windows smart phones to wirelessly synchronize with exchange server 2003.
2			league	title	football	holding	game	championship			c usa officials vote on league title game conference usa athletic directors have voted unanimously to recommend holding the league's inaugural football championship game in 2005.
4			gate	united	microsoft	software	technology			bill gates: u.s. need not fear overseas tech the united states has nothing to fear from rapidly growing technology markets in china and india, bill gates, chairman and chief software architect of microsoft corp. said on friday.
1			ally	pas	party	reform	president			small ally of brazil's lula breaks with government p p p sao paulo, brazil reuters brazil's small popularsocialist party voted on saturday to pull out of president luizinacio lula da silva's government, a move that could make itharder for his administration to pass pending reforms. p
4			war	standard	technology	price			worldwide technology consumers to lose in dvd standards war will be costly to everyone concerned, analysts say. the availability of two rival formats will raise prices and confuse consumers.
4			software	microsoft	technology	second			microsoft launches software for searching desktops microsoft has become the second tech industry giant to offer software for searching through computer desktops, a technology it claims is superior to that launched by google two months ago.
2			basketball	shooting	team			nba's young bobcats add experience in smith the charlotte bobcats signed shooting guard steve smith, a national basketball association veteran who brings a wealth of experience to the expansion team.
2			race			wash. governor's race forced into recount the closest governor's race in washington history was forced into a recount wednesday as counties finished tallying the ballots and found only a few votes separating the candidates out of 2.8 million cast.
2			united	soccer	final	baseball	stadium	game			revived revolution asking: why not us? robert f. kennedy stadium, an excellent venue for soccer, will revert to a less than adequate home for baseball next year. so, d.c. united could be playing their last game at the site when they host the revolution in the mls eastern conference final tonight at 7.
2			basketball	angeles	los	coach	sport			majerus named head coach at usc los angeles, ca sports network rick majerus accepted an offer to become the head basketball coach at southern california and was introduced wednesday afternoon.
2			team	coach	football			will spurrier take a swing? uf has few sure candidates past ex ... it 's not a lock that steve spurrier will return to coach florida 's football team, but if not him, then who ll coach the gators after this year?
1			politics	outlook			geo political shifts likely to influence regional outlook business risk is something that anyone involved in commerce has to assess on a daily basis. but last week saw several major shifts in geo politics that will impact on the outlook for middle east business in the years to come.
4			ibm	software	development	code	source			speech code from ibm to become open source ibm plans to announce monday that it will contribute some of its speech recognition software to two open source software groups. the move is a tactical step by ibm to accelerate the development
2			ryder	cup	team	sport			casey defends decision to fire caddie european ryder cup debutant paul casey has defended his decision to sack his caddie five days before the start of the biggest team event in the sport.
4			technology			fiorina: sometimes it spending is a 'bad thing' not expecting a rush of it spending during the last three months of 2004, hewlett packard co. hp chairman and chief executive officer carly fiorina said thursday that it buyers have become smarter and more discriminating in their it purchasing than they were just five years ago, and that they now realize that technology spending can sometimes be a bad thing.
4			java	management	development	project	source			jboss takes on jbpm project jboss, owners of the popular jboss open source development community, added another piece to its middleware product portfolio with the addition of the java business process management jbpm project, officials announced monday.
4			technology	licensing			sony, samsung sign licensing agreement sony corp. and samsung electronics co. said tuesday that they have signed a licensing agreement, but the deal won 't cover the asian electronic companies key technologies.
4			system	switch	storage			cisco 's new offerings enhance san extensions companies that need to move storage data over long distances quickly and securely now have more options with the introduction of the mds 9000 multiprotocol services module and 9216i fabric switch from cisco systems inc.
2			coach	cup	soccer	game			el salvador fires national soccer coach el salvador national soccer coach juan ramon paredes was fired saturday following two recent defeats in world cup qualifying games.
3			sale			rank to consider all options on deluxe leisure firm rank group will look at all options on the future of its deluxe film and video processing business, including a demerger and sale, its chief executive says.
4			server	team	development			swsoft teams with acronis to boost virtual servers firms sign joint development, marketing deal for integrated product expected next year.
4			ibm	software	source	code			speech code from ibm to become open source bm plans to announce today that it will contribute some of its speech recognition software to two open source software groups. the move is a tactical step by international business machines
4			president	computing	developer			intel suggests overlay to boost internet performance in a speech at the intel developer forum, intel senior vice president pat gelsinger said that by outfitting the internet with an overlay network of computational services made up of computing
3			investor	share			google 's caution google 's nasdaq: goog shares slid 3 thursday as investors worried that the search engine outfit may not be invincible after all.
3			good	stock			mathew ingram one good or at least pretty good and one bad. in a way, that sort of bipolar news is typical of the roller coaster ride the major stock markets have been on for the past few months.
4			percent	cell	human	technology			samsung develops first 60 nanometer 8 gb nand flash memory samsung 's advanced 60nm process technology is two thousandths the width of a piece of human hair and achieves approximately 30 percent reduction in cell size over the 70nm 4gb nand flash memory developed last year.
4			microsystems	desktop	java	system	license	software	alternative	use	source			u.k.'s nhs licenses sun's java desktop system britain's national health service bought 5,000 licenses for sun microsystems inc.'s java desktop system as an alternative to windows, in a move that could open the door for greater use of the open source software by the health agency.
4			space	generation	software	developer			intel pushes further into mobile space intel is teaming with mobile phone giant nokia and software developer symbian on next generation mobile phones, or smartphones. demand for these devices which promise web browsing, multimedia
2			injury	final	player	career	game			preview open agassi ready for one final flourish when andre agassi withdrew from wimbledon with a hip injury earlier this year, it seemed as if the career of one of the most charismatic players in the history of the game was nearing its end.
4			technology	generation			hd dvd drives find a place in the pc nec, toshiba will put the next generation dvd technology in desktops and laptops next year.
4			database	visit	system	design	feature	application	source			in brief: mysql announces new affordable consulting packages mysql this week made available three new consulting packages that aim to help it departments quickly design and implement open source database systems. the packages feature mysql certified senior consultants who work at customer sites for short term engagements and provide in depth application analysis as well as recommendations on application design, performance optimization, and help with migrating legacy databases to mysql. the packages are mysql architecture design, which offers two days consulting for 5,000; mysql performance tuning optimization, which provides three days for 7,500; and mysql migration jumpstart, which includes five days consulting for 10,000. mysql also provides longer term, customized consulting services. for more information visit
2			point	game	season			celtics gugliotta back on injured list gugliotta, who has a mild right ankle sprain, is averaging 1.5 points and 2.3 rebounds in eight games this season. he played in just one game after coming off the injured list on december 1 with lower back pain.
4			president	technology			tsmc to tape out 40 more products at 90nm by year end taiwan semiconductor manufacturing company tsmc has already produced over 80 products using 90nm processes, and the company expects to tape out 40 more products at this technology node by the end of this year, according to genda hu, vice president of
2			coach	football	race			football: spain chief in race probe spain's football federation launches an investigation into racist comments made by national coach luis aragones.
1			fighting	minister			civil aviation minister fights foreign stakes in indian airlines india's aviation ministry is fighting a push to allow foreign airlines to buy into domestic carriers, pressing instead for local companies to expand overseas.
4			korea	technology	price			south korea chip makers face us probe into price fixing seoul: south korean microchip makers said they face a us investigation into a price fixing conspiracy in which german maker infineon technologies has already suffered heavy fines.
2			space	team	race	win			spaceshipone team ready to grab x prize the spaceshipone team will attempt to win the $ 10 million ansari x prize on monday, the 47th anniversary of the start of the first space race when the soviet union launched its sputnik satellite.
1			war			europeans in thrall of american culture they grew up listening to '70s soul, learning to break dance, wearing nikes, watching the star wars trilogy again and again. for the french rap group iam, the fascination with american culture started when they were kids.
4			use	cell			lg one ups rivals with world 's first terrestrial dmb handset lg electronics revealed monday that is has set a new technological benchmark by producing the world 's first terrestrial digital media broadcasting dmb cell phone that allows consumers to watch programs and use normal dialing functions simultaneously.
2			career			profile: cambodian king nears end of long political career cambodia 's legislature has voted to allow a nine member council to choose a successor to 81 year old king norodom sihanouk, who abdicated last week.
4			united	technology			cios expect moderate hiring, study says chief information officers in the united states are still taking a measured approach to hiring, according to a report released thursday by staffing company robert half technology.
2			basketball	medal	win	beat	argentina	sport			men's basketball: argentina beats italy, takes gold argentina beat italy 84 69 to win the men's olympic basketball gold saturday, the country's first medal in the sport.
4			technique	ibm	standard	technology			ibm extends chip performance with germanium layering technique ibm today said it has demonstrated a technique that triples the performance of a standard semiconductor transistor with a process that is compatible with conventional cmos technology.
4			system	ibm	standard			ibm, honda deliver in car speech recognition navigation system ibm and honda have jointly developed a hands free and natural sounding in vehicle speech recognition system that will be offered as standard equipment on the 2005 acura rl.
3			shareholder			abbey directors feel shareholders wrath directors of banking giant abbey national today faced harsh criticism from shareholders angry at the decision to sell out to spain 's largest bank.
4			technology			fidelity national to acquire intercept fidelity national financial inc. said thursday that it agreed to acquire intercept inc., a provider of technology services to banks, in a deal valued at about $ 400 million.
4			system			update 1: cyberonics rejects advanced neuro 's bid cyberonics inc. rejected a takeover bid from fellow medical device maker advanced neuromodulation systems inc. on wednesday, saying it continues to focus on strengthening its epilepsy business and is still not interested in any combination or merger.
4			system	aid			fear of disease leads to panic in storm ravaged haiti survivors of the storm that ravaged haiti face a new menace as contaminated water, putrefying bodies and devastated sanitary systems threaten an outbreak of waterborne diseases such as malaria and tetanus, aid workers warned yesterday.
4			microsoft	software	technology	use	movie	access			photo gallery: microsoft's new media center push software maker heads to la to show off a host of gadgets that use one or another microsoft technology to access movies, music and video.
3			fund	management	sale			manage and sell fund managers dual role could affect ... asset management companies amcs concede that the immaturity of the indian mutual fund industry forces fund managers to spend substantial amounts of time in sales activities.
1			leader	election	winner	opposition			liberals celebrate as ukraine waits poll result thousands of supporters of ukraine's opposition leader, viktor yushchenko, celebrated on the streets in the early hours on monday after an exit poll showed him winner of a bitterly fought presidential election.
4			virus	software	code			'worst trojan of 2004' the trojan was named as the worst piece of malicious code of 2004, according to spanish anti virus firm panda software.
2			play	game	redskin	season			it's about time with only three games left in the season, the redskins are still having difficulty getting off plays within the 40 seconds allotted.
1			president			knight: quits as nike ceo, president; remains chairman in one fell swoosh. nike nyse: nke news people said its president and chief executive phil knight, 66, will relinquish those posts.
4			speed	system	broadband	technology	siemens	high			siemens adds flash ofdm to broadband wireless family german engineering and manufacturing giant siemens ag is adding another broadband technology to its growing portfolio of new high speed wireless systems slated for delivery early next year.
2			coach	victory			wales homecoming adds twist for henry and hansen there was a bizarre feeling to events yesterday, hearing two wales coaches talking about new zealand looking for a victory, but then, it is an unprecedented situation.
4			system	talk			q a part 2: cisco's john chambers on the '01 downturn, recovery today marks the 20th anniversary of the founding of cisco systems, and the company's ceo, john chambers, took time this week to talk about where his company has been, mistakes it's made and where it's going now.
4			platform	database	ibm	upgrade	management	ship			ibm hails automation in database upgrade ibm on september 17 will ship the first major upgrade to its db2 universal database data management platform in nearly two years, focusing on functional automation, advanced clustering and web services deployment.
2			basketball	team	season			terps have potential with some luck, maryland's women's basketball team could make a big splash nationally this year after several down seasons.
4			user	space	enterprise	system	linux	source			is the mainstream ready for linux? research: businesses are going open source, but os may still be too technical for most users. the open source operating system linux may be gaining a lot of ground in the enterprise space, but windows will
2			cell	team	sport			espn eyes mobile phone market sports media company teams with sprint to offer a branded cell phone service.
4			play	software			microsoft's xbox live usage takes off in asia one in seven asian xbox video gamers plays on the internet just six months after the regional launch of microsoft's xbox live internet software, a company executive said on wednesday.
4			decline	high	technology			it execs optimistic about ways to connect the high tech industry is finally heading towards a recovery after the postbubble decline, but we are not quite there yet, according to executives and industry watchers at the fifteenth annual etre technology
2			coach			3 indian female weightlifters banned for life after positive ... the indian olympic association has banned three female weightlifters and their coach for life after the athletes tested positive for performance enhancing drugs.
3			profit	chain	fall			sainsbury's issues profit warning struggling uk supermarket chain sainsbury's issues its third profit warning of the year, saying half year profits are set to fall to as little as 125m.
1			election			slow job market greets workers labor day a spotty job market and stagnant paychecks cloud this labor day holiday for many workers, highlighting the importance of pocketbook issues in the presidential election.
3			shareholder			mexican mixer sets sights on rmc concrete mexico 's cemex has helped rmc group 's shareholders to salsa their way out of debt that weighed like concrete boots. photo: rick stevens.
4			system	ibm			honda enhances speech recognition system honda motor co., with help from partner ibm corp., is preparing to introduce an improved speech recognition system that will allow drivers to get voice navigation guidance without having to manually punch in any information or take their eyes off the road to read a computer screen.
4			microsoft	software	source	switch			microsoft defends its software microsoft has been forced to fight for its lucrative asian market, following government agreements to switch to other open source software.
1			party	democrat	gain	election			german fringe parties make gains parties on the far right and left made gains in two state elections sunday in germany, with voters delivering a rebuke to chancellor gerhard schroeder 's social democrats as he tries to rein in german welfare programs.
3			growth	profit	earnings			analysis: samsung electronics growth slows samsung electronics co. has become the first south korean company to exceed the 10 trillion won $ 8.7 billion operating profit milestone this year, with its third quarter profit jumping on strong memory chip earnings.
4			gate	microsoft	software	development	silicon			gates: microsoft to target malware microsoft nasdaq: msft is working on the development of a product to remove adware and malicious software from pcs, bill gates told a meeting of technologists in silicon valley.
4			user	software	mail	technology			yahoo buys e mail startup to battle google yahoo! has purchased a privately held e mail software company that develops software technology that allows users to quickly search through mails and attachments.
1			talk			glenmorangie in takeover talks whisky distiller glenmorangie said it was in talks with a number of potential suitors about a takeover. the firm, one of the largest remaining independent companies in the scotch whisky industry, said it was
4			pack	platform	application			application problems in windows xp sp2 now that windows xp serviced pack 2 sp2 is available at windows update for online update of both the xp home edition and xp professional edition platforms, you need to be prepared for the changes youll see as a result of the security controls xp sp2
2			champion	cup	classic	championship			breeders gets list of entries pleasantly perfect, defending champion in the $ 4 million classic, was among 101 horses listed in pre entries announced yesterday for the 21st edition of the breeders cup world thoroughbred championships on oct.
2			race			easy exit clause hints at news corp man 's disney move the race to succeed disney chief michael eisner took an intriguing turn yesterday when it emerged that a highranking murdoch employee has signed a new contract making it easy for him to leave ... but only if he goes to disney.
1			election			hk media accuses china of meddling in elections hong kong media criticised beijing yesterday for meddling in this weekend 's elections, saying china 's new publicity about a pro democracy candidate jailed for hiring a prostitute was timed to influence the result.
2			game			gamer buys $ 26,500 virtual land an australian gamer spends $ 26,500 on a virtual island that exists only in a pc role playing game.
1			president			blast in kabul kills 7 at compound of a u.s. contractor at least two americans died in a blast at the office of an american firm that provides security for president hamid karzai.
4			system	linux	version			mobile hard drive carries linux peripheral maker lacie released on thursday a mobile hard drive loaded with, mandrakesoft 's version of the linux operating system.
4			high	standard	hardware	generation			toshiba comes out with dual capability hybrid dvd hardware manufacturers are in fix when it comes to settling down for a standard for dvds. toshiba, nec and sanyo are favoring a next generation dvd standard called hd high definition dvd while sony and other
1			party	president	election			botswana election results delayed results from botswana 's parliamentary election on saturday will emerge later than expected, officials said on sunday, but the poll is still expected to return president festus mogae 's party to power.
4			feature			your own web at yahoo my web internet portal yahoo has launched a personalization feature in its search engine in an effort to counter google 's ever rising popularity.
4			platform	database	enterprise	system	software	ibm	linux	server			sybase partners with ibm enterprise software provider sybase nyse: sy has hooked up with ibm nyse: ibm in an agreement that puts sybase's linux based adaptive server enterprise ase database system on ibm's eserver openpower platform.
3			investor	jean			vivendi, ex ceo fined 1 mln euros each french regulators fined vivendi universal and former chief executive officer jean marie messier 1 million euros $ 1.34 million each on tuesday after a probe into allegations that they misled investors when a costly media acquisition spree went wrong.
4			user	microsoft	suite	software	version			first look: microsoft small business accounting software giant tailors new version of office suite for small business users.
1			party	president	kerry			clinton to return to campaign trail monday bill clinton will return to the campaign trail on behalf of democratic candidate john kerry, party officials said, six weeks after the still popular former president underwent heart surgery to bypass blocked arteries.
4			ibm	processor	system	enterprise			ibm reveals blade with room for two scsi drives ibm is now offering enterprises the ability to add two small form factor scsi drives internally to the five new hs20 models of bladecenter systems, which are based on the 2.8 ghz to 3.6 ghz intel xeon processor with 64 bit extensions.
4			injury	hardware	president	technology	use	park			bioset offers new twist on the healing touch doctors routinely use plates, rods and screws to bolt a nasty bone fracture back together. but all of that hardware won't help heal the bone and muscle tissue surrounding the injury, said thomas g. roueche, president and chief executive of biosurface engineering technologies inc. of college park.
2			medal	victory	game			phelps adds yet another gold michael phelps collected his fifth gold medal of the games with victory in the men 's 100 metres butterfly today.
4			investor	technology			google licious! last week i wondered about the logic behind a gutsy market call by american technology research advising investors to buy yahoo! nasdaq: yhoo and dump google nasdaq: goog .
2			english	football	country	club	career			between club and country i think an english football manager must have a hell of a nerve to tell a man to give up his international career or risk losing his place in the club that pays him.
4			patent	kodak	microsystems	java	technology			sun and kodak settle out of court in an out of court settlement, sun microsystems has agreed to pay kodak $ 92 million to settle the long running patent case involving java technology.
3			growth	stock			u.s. stocks open lower after jobs data u.s. stocks fell at the market open on friday after a government report showed weaker than expected job growth in september, a sign the economy may not be as strong as wall street had estimated.
3			exchange	sale			ebay scrambles for answers to paypal outage paypal said functions of the service that enable buyer and seller to exchange shipping information and to process payments immediately upon closing a sale were also affected by the outage.
2			football	team	institute	player	bowl	sport			study: 27 of 56 bowl teams graduate less than half their players orlando, fla. a new study shows 27 of the 56 schools with bowl bound football teams graduated less than half their players. the study by the institute of diversity and ethics in sports at the university of
2			player	match	team			smith outlines scotland vision new scotland boss walter smith has outlined his plans to improve the team including approaching previously retired experienced players, continuing berti vogts policy of selecting non scots born players and reducing the number of friendly matches.
4			desktop	hardware			national semiconductor unveils trusted chip for pcs chip maker national semiconductor inc. is rolling out hardware devices designed to make desktop and laptop pcs more secure. the santa clara, calif.
2			shooting	carolina	sport			bobcats sign veteran guard smith charlotte, north carolina sports network the charlotte bobcats signed free agent shooting guard steve smith on thursday.
3			profit			bristol myers posts lower profit bristol myers squibb co. on friday reported a lower third quarter profit as revenue fell amid intense competition for its products from rivals and generic drugs.
4			system			sony describes hd product plans wega tvs, vaio systems, dvd recorders and camcorder highlight hd product lineup.
2			january	football	baseball	president	use	sport			are steroids as bad as we think they are? it may not have been the most substantive line in president bush's state of the union address last january, but it had to be the least controversial. the use of performance enhancing drugs like steroids in baseball, football, and other sports is dangerous, he intoned. and it sends the wrong message that there are shortcuts to accomplishment, and that performance ...
4			platform	language	microsoft	technology			msn search engine uses basis technology for natural language processing msn search engine uses basis technology for natural language processing basis technology announced this week that microsoft corp. has chosen the rosette linguistics platform to support web searches in its new msn search engine. the companies have entered into a multi year agreement in which microsoft has the option to utilize all ...
1			cabinet	president	minister			south korea's president to replace six ministers in reshuffle south korean president roh moo hyun is to conduct a cabinet reshuffle to replace six ministers, aides said.
4			platform	supply			l 3 to buy cae marine controls division l 3 communications corp., which supplies products used in aerospace and defense platforms, agreed to buy cae inc. 's marine controls division for about $ 225 million cash and the assumption of about $ 42.
3			chain			update 4: hyatt purchasing amerisuites in $ 600m deal hyatt corp. disclosed plans thursday to buy the 143 hotel amerisuites chain in an estimated $ 600 million plus deal that analysts said makes the luxury hotel company more of a well rounded rival to much bigger marriott international inc.
3			auto	strength	sale	earnings			johnson controls sees revenue, earns up auto parts supplier johnson controls inc. said on friday it expects higher sales and earnings in fiscal 2005, driven by strength in both its automotive group and controls business.
3			share			intel sets upbeat tone on wall street u.s. shares are set to open higher on friday, buoyed by intel corp. after the world's largest chip maker raised its quarterly revenue target due to strong demand, but all eyes will be on jobs data before the opening.
3			hit	profit	sale			kroger misses mark by 8 cents kroger co., the largest us grocer, reported a lower quarterly profit tuesday, hurt by debt costs even as sales rebounded in southern california where it was hit by a strike.
2			sport	country	minister			irish invite for de lima the brazilian runner jostled by an irish born ex priest in the olympic marathon has been invited to ireland by the country 's sports minister.
3			profit	dream			$ 616m for coles will silence the doubters john fletcher yesterday claimed coles myer 's $ 616.5 million profit was the kind of result every ceo actually dreams about .
3			sale			sony shrinks playstation console sony has announced a slimmed down playstation 2 in an attempt to boost sales of the console.
3			general	sale			ford, general motors report slow november sales, japanese makers ... america 's two largest automakers said they would reduce production in the first quarter of 2005 after reporting weak november sales.
4			tool	speed			moregoogle : enhances your google experience moregoogle : enhances your google experience google seems to be the worlds favorite search engine. it is famous for its bare interface that focuses more on speed and accurate results than eye candy. and apparently some people find it to be too bare. that is why we have had tools like ...
3			management			apps to organize your digital photos here's an overview of three new programs that promise easier image management.
4			desktop	tool			google releases desktop search tool google released a free tool today that lets people simultaneously search the web and their personal computers for information, a move analysts described as a potential blow to rivals.
4			management	software	identity	access			ca to buy netegrity for $ 430 million computer associates international inc. ca announced wednesday that it plans to buy identity and access management software maker netegrity inc. of waltham, massachusetts, for $ 430 million in cash.
4			low	technology	licensing			transmeta bets on longrun2 while intel corp. and advanced micro devices inc. continue bringing low power mobile chips to market, transmeta corp. is faced with the possibility of shifting its focus from operations and toward licensing its technologies.
1			war			the war of words hot on the heels of sony 's announcement last week that its forthcoming handheld, called the psp, would retail this december in japan for approximately $ 186 usd, a brief war of words between the company and rival nintendo erupted.
4			desktop	ibm	hardware	source			name? ross mayfield has an interesting take on the lenovo ibm deal and bringing open source to the desktop in his blog... i believe their commoditization strategy is more than hardware.
3			expense	share			another survey says mozilla up, ie down another web browser usage survey is showing a familiar trend: mozilla 's share is rising at the expense of internet explorer. global usage share numbers released monday by onestat.
2			tim	sport			montgomery and gaines hearings postponed the court of arbitration for sport cas has postponed its hearings with american sprinters tim montgomery and chryste gaines who have been charged with serious doping violations.
3			profit	sale			sony ericsson sees profits triple japanese swedish mobile phone maker sony ericsson reports a tripling of its third quarter profit, driven by sales of new camera phones.
3			top	sale			automakers telling the same tale the top two u.s. automakers continue to deal with declining sales while the little guy grows.
3			stock			eu wants big cut in north sea about a fifth of cod fishing grounds in the north sea would be closed for the whole of next year under draconian proposals by the european commission, published yesterday and designed to replenish seriously depleted stocks.
4			speed	design	system	networking	development			cisco buys network design firm for $ 34 million bcn systems routing architecture will be used to to speed development of converged networks for data, voice, and video. by networking pipeline news.
1			leader	democrat	minority	election			house democrats to focus on debt ceiling house democratic leaders, consigned by the election to a minority role for another two years, said tuesday they want to hold republicans more accountable, starting with a vote on raising the 7.4 trillion debt ceiling.
4			system	software			agere adjusts for soft demand facing soft demand from major customers, semiconductor and software specialist agere systems said it will lay off 500 people and close three facilities to cut costs.
4			code			area codes, now divorced from their areas it used to be safe to assume that dialing 212 made a phone ring in manhattan, but in this era of mobile telecommunications, calls connect people, not places.
2			race			nascar community mourns after plane crash the nascar community is mourning a tragic loss after a plane crash killed 10 members of a racing dynasty. federal officials say 8 passengers and two pilots died when the hendrick motorsports aircraft went down on its way to a race in virginia.
3			share			cendant to buy orbitz for $ 1.25 billion cendant corp. and orbitz today reached a definitive agreement for cendant to buy all the shares of orbitz for $ 27.
1			general	election			biffo and the battler slug it out down under australian markets are relaxed despite the bitter political campaign ahead of a general election. duncan hughes reports from melbourne.
4			good	captain	technology			technology rules in 'world of tomorrow' you'd better hope your computer doesn't break down today. there's a good bet nobody will be around to fix it. that's because every self respecting geek with 10 and a pulse will be queuing up to see sky captain and the world of tomorrow, the slick new live action blockbuster that forgoes sets and locations in favor of purely computer generated backdrops.
3			profit			underage teens turn profit on old beer confronting a grocery store with its promise to pay shoppers a bonus if they found any products with expired freshness dates, two enterprising teens turned a 7,000 kroner $ 1,030 profit by loading up shopping carts with out of date beer they weren't old enough to buy. the boys, ages 14 and 15, got their reward despite being underage, the oslo daily verdens gang reported tuesday...
2			microsoft	game	sport			xbox to stop making some sports games microsoft corp.'s xbox video game business will lay off 76 workers and stop making some sports games, the company said.
3			investment			quattrone seeks bail until appeal ruling former investment banker frank quattrone on wednesday requested a court order that would allow him to remain free on bail while he appeals his obstruction of justice conviction.
2			basketball	run	team	sport			gold turns to dust it 's over. the us men 's basketball team 's run in the olympics. the us dominance in the sport at all.
4			white	trick	technology			ex u.s. cyber security chief sees curb on phishing a former white house web security chief predicted on wednesday that technology companies and law enforcers could soon stamp out most internet phishing scams that aim to trick people into giving away personal and financial information.
4			system	firewall	app	application			netcontinuum debuts web services and web app firewall netcontinuum, a leading provider of application firewalls, today announced that it is integrating the leading web services firewall, forum systems xwall, into its flagship application security gateway product.
4			player	technology			bluetooth for multi player gaming? the bluetooth special interest group has unveiled a roadmap that outlines updates to the technology in performance, security, power optimization and usability.
1			leader	talk	nation			asean approves talks with japan a day after reaching a deal with china in a bid to create the world 's largest free trade zone, the leaders of 10 southeast asian nations have approved free trade talks with japan.
3			use	good			a curved path for an innovative museum it looked good on paper: use huge, golden colored limestone rocks to make an overhang 130 feet above the entrance of the national museum of the american indian on the mall. it would look like the overhang in a southwest canyon. no ugly, concrete columns underneath: it would seem as though suspended in air.
4			mouse	microsoft	technology			microsoft puts household entertainment at touch of a mouse technology is changing daily. it 's a wonder we aren 't all punch drunk from the velocity with which new things emerge and not so old things become obsolete.
4			grid	ibm	software	vendor	computing			ibm accelerates grid computing efforts for isvs grid computing already is close to being a $ 1 billion business for ibm. now the company is stepping up its efforts to make sure its independent software vendor partners are onboard the grid computing bandwagon.
1			play	politics	offensive	side			matching wits on politics maryland offensive lineman andrew crummey and cornerback domonique foxworth play on opposite sides of the field and sit on opposing sides of the political fence.
3			stock			mid cap may not be only choice most experts expect mid cap stocks, or stocks issued by medium size companies, to perform well as our economy expands.
2			fan	game			halo 2 has game fans excited san andreas likely will outsell halo 2 because there are at least 10 million more playstation 2 units sold than xboxes, which are in about 14 million homes.
2			play	champion			update 1 els recovers after slow start, goosen seals record defending champion ernie els recovered from a sluggish start to lead briton scott drummond by two holes with two to play after a rainswept opening day
4			design			ikea touts its 'democratic design' the design chief of home furnishing giant ikea was recently asked in china, now home to two of the blue and yellow warehouses selling the scandinavian lifestyle, if he was worried about being a design imperialist.
3			investor	high	stock	share			economy hopes lift european stocks european shares touched a two month high on monday as investors bought stocks in sectors highly exposed to the global economic cycle like tech and basic resources following reassuring u.s. jobs data on friday.
2			basketball	brawl	sport			thanksgiving thank you notes despite a tumultuous year try to forget the basketball brawl and this year's other disturbing moments in sports. it's time to say thanks to some of the people who have made sports a better place.
4			software			ca 's $ 430 million splurge to broaden indian footprint computer associates has signed a definitive agreement to acquire netegrity a provider of security software solutions, in an all cash merger valued at approximately $ 430 million.
3			investor	share			last call for investors to bid on google time is running out for prospective investors to submit their offers to buy shares of google inc. goog.o: quote, profile, research , the web 's no. 1 search company.
4			software	technology			blu ray disc association launches today, more than 70 companies from the consumer electronics, information technology, media and software industries held the first official meeting of the blu ray disc association.
3			increase	chain	sale			chain store sales increase slightly u.s. chain store sales increased slightly in the latest week, due in part to labor day sales and back to school shopping, a report said on tuesday.
2			basketball	coach			off to a strong start before lineup introductions, nc state men 's basketball coach herb sendek pulls each one of his starters aside and offers a word.
4			creator	download	run	technology			mp3 creator warns tech impasse dooming downloads rival technologies that baffle consumers will run more companies out of business in the nascent music download market than will head to head competition, one of the lead creators of mp3 playback technology warned on wednesday.
2			team	good	talk	football			belichick is in rare form friday mornings with bill belichick are probably the most personal and informative of the week. after his team has had a good week of practice, he's engaging and talks pure football.
4			optimism	earnings	ibm	technology			ibm report to be indicator of it spending international business machines corp. could inject some optimism into the market monday if its third quarter earnings report indicates information technology spending is on the rebound.
2			lion	win	season	player	coach			chelmsford takes lowell in stride chelmsford could have approached last night's contest against lowell with trepidation. the lions hadn't managed their first win of the season and coach bruce rich was concerned about his players' confidence.
3			shareholder	value			stockholders want more value than its deal with coors offers some of the fizz is gone from the proposed merger between molson and golden, colo. based adolph coors co. molson has had trouble convincing institutional shareholders the coors deal
2			champion	final	play	trophy	match			rain holds up windies only six overs were possible in west indies response before rain then bad light stopped play in their final icc champions trophy group b match against south africa yesterday.
4			software			software firm to subsidize employees hybrid cars hyperion said it hopes to encourage other firms to join its clean driving campaign and has launched a group called the companies for clean air consortium.
1			leader			ukraine aims to control poison probe ukraine's outgoing government sought yesterday to control the inquiry into the poisoning of presidential candidate viktor yushchenko, with officials close to the government taking charge of both investigations into who tried to harm or kill the leader of the orange revolution.
4			software	erp	application			sap and hp to offer hosted erp german software giant sap is teaming with hewlett packard hp to offer midmarket companies in the us a hosted software offering that includes applications, maintenance, services and support for a monthly fee.
4			user	fall	identification	frequency	vendor	technology			epcglobal: users to get rfid progress update corporate users facing mandates to adopt radio frequency identification technology will get a chance at this week 's epcglobal us fall conference in baltimore to gauge how much progress vendors, service providers
4			user	feature	networking	broadband			first look: surfing on your msn tv pc world reviewer says latest incarnation of the webtv device is acceptable as a dial up internet device for some, but its broadband networking features will leave savvy users unimpressed.
4			un	nation	technology			u.n. demands iran halt uranium enrichment for the first time, 35 nations in the u.n. atomic watchdog agency demanded saturday that iran freeze all work on uranium enrichment a technology that can be used for nuclear arms and said they would judge tehran's compliance in two months...
3			retailer	share			update 5: karstadtquell to sell nearly half stores struggling german retailer karstadtquelle said tuesday it plans to sell nearly half of its department stores and issue euro500 million us $ 615 million in shares as it restructures in response to germany 's persistent retail slump.
3			investor	shareholder	top			pay the lasting investor battle cry big ticket executives and the directors who bankroll them will be top targets for activist shareholders as the proxy campaigns for next year's annual corporate meetings get under way, governance experts predict.
3			investment			rudy giuliani 's investment banking racket as someone who first made a name for himself by stretching the racketeering laws to go after investment bankers, former new york city mayor rudy giuliani has decided the allure of the silly
4			system	ibm	technology	feature	use	high	version	storage			ibm brings high end storage functions to midrange ibm on tuesday announced two new storage products upper midrange and high end disk arrays designed for ease of use and lower cost. the ds6000 and ds8000 feature higher physical storage capacities, a modular architecture, and additional visualization technology, all in systems considerably smaller than previous versions.
2			team			summitt defends team pat summitt defends the decision to place forward chamique holdsclaw on the injured list even though she was fit enough to practice.
4			cell	use	walk	infrastructure			mobileaccess networks strengthens signals for indoor use every day, cubicle dwellers get up from their desks and walk to their nearest windows in search of a strong enough signal to make or answer a cell phone call. cathy zatloukal thinks her in building wireless infrastructure company, mobileaccess networks, can save them the trip.
4			feature			clinton library features impeachment area as bill clinton's library is unveiled at a gala opening this week, one thing is certain: his messy legacy will be on full display.
4			use	user	software	hit			software helps users fight spammers the spammed can now hit back at the spammers with new software from lycos called make love, not spam. the software sits on your pc and when the machine is not in use, it generates traffic on the sites of known
2			team			chargers and brees pick apart chiefs drew brees haunted the kansas city chiefs all day. linebacker donnie edwards waited until a crucial time to haunt his former team.
1			technique	debate			choosing babies' sex gives birth to debate more couples are selecting the sex of their children, using techniques developed to help couples who are infertile or at risk for having babies with genetic diseases.
4			system	software	application	server			test reluctance could block virtualisation the need to test packaged applications on virtualised systems could hold up the deployment of server virtualisation software, according to attendees at gartner 's datacentre conference in las vegas this week.
3			good	profit	price			a price as good as gold kist the chicken company, formerly a cooperative, is now making money as a for profit corporation.
4			desktop	user	software	microsoft			google v. microsoft: trustbusters not needed last week, google, a company renowned for its search service, released the google desktop, a software program that lets users search through materials stored on their
4			siemens	technology	win			siemens wins malaysian 3g deal siemens has been working with malaysia mobile phone carrier maxis since 1995 as a supplier of 2g gsm mobile technology. as of june 2004, maxis had 5.12 million customers, giving it over 40
2			league	hockey	nhl	season	player	sport			n.h.l. to lock out players on thursday the national hockey league will lock out its players thursday, threatening to keep the sport off the ice for the entire 2004 05 season.
4			infrastructure	priority	identity	enterprise	project			goodlink adds support for smartphones, wi fi this fourth priority 's main focus has been enterprise directories as organizations spawn projects around identity infrastructure.
3			stock			economy stock market link can be confusing the link between the stock market and the economy sometimes can sound like the chicken and the egg scenario which comes first?
4			hardware	fall	microsoft	system	software	management	version			new mom to ease microsoft management microsoft in the fall will launch the latest version of its performance management product, offering it up as a key link in its ambitious dsi dynamic systems initiative plan to reduce it complexity by improving software and hardware manageability.
2			point	game			mourning returns alonzo mourning had 12 points and five rebounds in his first game since undergoing a kidney transplant in december.
4			ibm	software	code			compuware asks court to punish ibm software maker says big blue kept hold of key evidence to delay a resolution to a long running legal spat over copyrighted code.
4			police	system	software	networking	code	england			man held in england in cisco code theft a 20 year old man has been arrested in england in the theft of the proprietary software blueprints used by cisco systems inc.'s networking equipment, police and the company confirmed.
3			investor	management	holding			federated investors buys cash business asset management company federated investors inc. on thursday said it will buy alliance capital management holding lp 's cash management business.
4			technology			technology drives toward the future, throws retail items to the ... now shows can be recorded without anything physical to record them on. the same goes for music. the days of tape cassette 's are long gone, but cds could be on their way out, too.
4			desktop	standard	technology			gateway pc delivers new motherboard standard btx technology cools down the company's new 700gr desktop.
3			sale			telstra ceo out ahead of full sale the chairman of telstra has nominated the upcoming full sale of the company as the major reason for the departure of chief executive ziggy switkowski.
2			nation	team			terps have reason to be wary of no. 7 west virginia overconfidence usually isn 't an issue when facing the nation 's seventh ranked team on the road, yet maryland has every reason to feel smug about its chances of winning saturday against west virginia.
1			leader			china blocks world meeting on workers rights china on wednesday abruptly blocked a meeting of global union and business leaders scheduled for next week that aimed to press beijing to do more to protect workers rights.
4			enterprise	software	spyware	developer			ca buys pestpatrol anti spyware developer computer associates said monday it acquired pestpatrol, a firm marketing anti spyware software to enterprises, small businesses and individual consumers.
4			system	software			software tracks status of batch processes bmc software announced tuesday the release of bmc batch impact manager, a system that allows customers to manage batch processes according to their business importance.
4			platform	content	single	software	source			nokia launches software distribution platform with preminet, we now provide a single source for operators to acquire a comprehensive range of industry certified content, said lee epting, a nokia vp.
1			fighting			lycos europe ends spam fighting campaign the web portal lycos europe on friday terminated a spam fighting campaign that had been criticized as a breach of internet civility.
4			science			sony to begin mass production of full color oled displays oled or organic led is not made of semiconductors. it 's made from carbon based molecules. that is the key science factor that leads to potentially eliminating leds biggest drawback size.
4			technology	suspension			iran rejects european offer on nukes tehran,oct. 25 nnn :iran has rejected as unbalanced a european offer of trade concessions and nuclear technology in return for the suspension of uranium enrichment.
4			software	microsoft			battle brewing on the digital music front apple computer inc.'s reign as king of the digital music business is about to meet its most serious challenge as software heavyweight microsoft corp. prepares to enter the fray.
1			leader	democrat			ethics rebuke to delay prompts democratic calls for ouster house democrats declared that the latest case against the leader of the republican majority proved that he was unfit to lead.
2			season			irs widens target for tax return audits the internal revenue service is gearing up for tax season. and while it may be a kinder, gentler irs these days, the agency is still coming after you especially if you make a lot of money.
4			system			court wades into prison sentence dispute the supreme court returned for another term monday and wasted no time getting down to business, appearing poised to alter the system used for sentencing 64,000 federal criminal defendants a year.
2			play	baseball	season	stadium	game	sport			upi newstrack sports baseball will return to washington in 2005 after an absence of more than three decades. it was announced wednesday that the montreal expos will move to washington next season and play its home games at rfk stadium.
4			system	software	networking			cisco to acquire bcn cisco systems has confirmed that it is to buy routing software start up bcn systems for an initial $ 34 million 17.6 million . in the week it turned 20, the networking giant announced it will pay around
4			silicon	project	switch			intel switches off lcos tv chip intel said today it has decided to cancel its project to develop an lcos liquid crystal on silicon chip that would bring down the cost of rear projection televisions.
2			game			pbs: the video game revolution documentary filmmaker and host greg palmer takes your questions about the pbs documentary, the video game revolution.
2			coach			fsu moves inside to avoid frances as frances continued its move toward the panhandle with strong winds and constant rain, the seminoles practiced inside monday. although coach bobby bowden had
4			integration	software	enterprise			jan baan launches web services firm the enterprise software legend shifts his attention to web services. say hello to start up cordys and its integration software.
4			use	broadband	technology			cingular tips hand on wireless broadband, 3g plans cingular will not only roll out a 3g umts cellular data network next year, but it also will use even faster wireless technology that will compete, at least in part, with wireless broadband technologies like wimax.
1			talk			'after kyoto' takes center stage at climate talks the kyoto agreement to reduce greenhouse gas emissions doesn't take effect for two months, but climate change negotiators are already fixated on what happens when it expires in 2012.
1			leader	debate			turmoil grips elite school over money and leaders a debate is festering among graduates and parents at st. paul's, an elite school in new hampshire, with critics accusing trustees and the rector of mismanagement.
4			system	microsoft			microsoft distributes xp security update microsoft says it has distributed about 106 million copies of its major security update for the windows xp operating system. microsoft completed work on the update
4			software	microsoft	technology			microsoft has your back the software monolith extends an intellectual property plan to all. also: u.s. opposes the wto's online gambling plan hellip;. microsoft will offer a long awaited preview of its search engine technology hellip;. and more.
4			software	microsoft	server			business digest microsoft corp. said it is cutting a net total of 49 jobs from its windows server division as part of a shift to more automated software testing and changes in the way it produces technical documents.
4			software			business software firms shed more jobs commerce one and manugistics cut staff, as software makers grapple with industry upheaval.
4			cell			nextel and verizon settle legal disputes nextel communications inc. and verizon wireless are settling all legal disputes between them, removing a key challenge to a federal decision to clear up interference between cell phones and emergency response
4			user	grid	software	enterprise			oracle aims for users from start to grid enterprise software giant oracle corp. may be known for big plans and bold moves but when it comes to capturing the european market the redwood shores, california, company has realized it also has to think small.
4			integration	crm	software	vendor			pushes integration hosted crm service provider took another step forward last week in its strategy to build an online ecosystem of vendors that offer software as a service.
2			war	game			nintendo, sony square off in handheld game market japan's nintendo co. ltd. struck the first blow in what is set to be an all out war with sony corp. for the lucrative handheld game console market, aggressively pricing its new dual screen model at 149.99 and setting its u.s. launch date for nov. 21.
2			champion	football			bentley hoping to avoid getting tripped up by post a year ago, the bentley falcons ended c.w. post's two year reign as northeast 10 conference football champions. now the pioneers have a chance to return the favor. sitting atop the conference standings, c.w. post 4 1, 4 0 hosts bentley tomorrow and can inflict serious damage on any hopes the falcons have of repeating.
4			technology			canon, toshiba to form flat panel display venture japanese technology companies canon inc. and toshiba corp. said on tuesday they would invest $ 1.82 billion in a joint venture to manufacture advanced flat panel displays.
4			player	networking	storage			news in brief new this month: office 2003 gets tweaked; sidekick gets thinner and flashier; more powerful wireless networking is on the way; and hard drive based digital music players offer long battery life and lots of storage.
4			generation			taiwan telcos need at least two years for 3g services to take off taiwan's telecommunications industry will need at least another two years before third generation 3g mobile phone services generate meaningful revenues, an industry chief executive was quoted in the financial times as saying.
2			graphic	game			dragon quest viii dungeon details the latest information from square enix on dragon quest viii focuses on the dungeons, which take full advantage of the game 's 3 d graphics.
2			cavalier	game			cavs activate wagner from injured list the cleveland cavaliers activated guard dajuan wagner from the injured list monday. wagner has missed the last five games because of soreness in his right foot.
4			space	project			last of mercury astronauts remember gordo cooper the last of the seven project mercury astronauts who pioneered us space exploration in the 1960s remembered one of their own as a fearless pilot with the right stuff in
4			science	technology	institute			prototype keyboards go against type if you attended last week's emerging technologies conference at the massachusetts institute of technology, you probably weren't on the lookout for ways to become a better typist. this is mit, after all rocket science central. couldn't they offer something more challenging?
2			fan	team	sport			heroes get warm welcome bbc sport's dan warren joins the fans as they welcome home team gb from the olympics.
4			development			u.s. ringtones market slow to connect with a possible billion dollar windfall at stake, u.s. music companies are eagerly awaiting the full blown development of the stateside ringtone market.
4			linux	software	source			linux: should it be tamed? in a bid to bring linux to the marketplace, the open source community and manufacturers agree on new rules for linux. the often unruly world of open source software drew closer to marching in lockstep monday
4			microsoft	system	technology	drop	version			microsoft to release next windows in '06 microsoft corp. will drop a much touted new technology for organizing and storing data when it releases the next version of its windows operating system as expected in 2006.
4			ship	server	development			macromedia launches flex builder macromedia will ship flex builder this week, which is designed to provide an interactive development environment for the company 's flex presentation server.
1			war			campaigns spending little on web ads the presidential ad war online is beginning to look more like a skirmish.
3			plot	email	enterprise			nokia plots enterprise move phone maker nokia has detailed moves that it hopes will make it the supplier of choice for mobile email and messaging devices for corporates.
4			tool	upgrade			ask jeeves serves it your way it's a busy day at ask jeeves with the announcement of several new services and enhancements, including the launch of a new personalized search tool and a major upgrade of the company's teoma search engine.
1			country	minister			minister in pyongyang to demand explanation on blast a government minister, now in pyongyang, said he will seek an explanation from his north korean hosts of a reported blast in the north of the country three days ago.
4			software			oracle buys peoplesoft for $ 10.3 billion peoplesoft inc. on monday agreed to a sweetened $ 10.3 billion buyout by rival software maker oracle corp. , relenting after a 18 month takeover saga marked by personal insults, courtroom battles and the ouster of peoplesoft's chief executive.
2			content	sport			espn launching college sports initiative espn will launch a new multimedia college sports initiative in march 2005 that includes a new 24 hour television network and content from and espn the magazine.
1			opposition			bangladesh paralysed by strikes opposition activists have brought many towns and cities in bangladesh to a halt, the day after 18 people died in explosions at a political rally.
3			investor	high			wall st looks to build on fresh highs wall street futures crept higher on wednesday, as investors looked to build on the previous sessions fresh highs and attention turned to the $ 35bn merger between telecommunications
3			profit	earnings			tribune profit seen below wall st. views publisher and broadcaster tribune co. on wednesday said third quarter earnings would lag wall street estimates because of lower than expected publishing and broadcasting revenue.
4			technology	version	tokyo			singulus to support blu ray disc mass production tokyo blu ray disc will take an important step forward next year when singulus technologies ag begins selling machines for mass producing read only versions of the discs, the company said this week.
2			top	cup	career	joe	sport			nemecheck takes pole joe nemechek took his first pole in four years and the seventh of his nascar nextel cup career friday, earning the top spot for the ea sports 500 at talladega ala. superspeedway.
4			hardware	run	ibm	software	networking	vendor	storage			storage gear takes the spotlight storage vendors from ibm and dell to mcdata and brocade on monday showed off their newest hardware and software at storage networking world, the trade show and conference that runs in orlando, fla.
4			user	feature	application	access	version			nokia releases newest version of ssl vpn new secure connector feature gives remote users secure network level access, including access to business applications, data, and network services.
3			fund	share			calpers tendered its peoplesoft shares calpers, the biggest u.s. pension fund, said on thursday that it had tendered its 1.5 million shares of peoplesoft inc. to oracle corp. , accepting its $ 8.8 billion hostile takeover bid.
4			software			lexington software firm shuts down denovis inc. of lexington shut its doors yesterday, sending all 110 employees home and washing away $ 125 million in venture capital and years of effort to overhaul the way medical claims are paid, executives involved in the shutdown said.
4			technique	technology			power cuts key for intel at 65 nanometers intel corp.'s 65 nanometer process technology will not be very different from its 90 nanometer process technology, which should help make for a smoother transition between the two manufacturing techniques in 2005, according to a briefing from an intel manufacturing executive last week.
4			system	software	brain			new palm operating system targets smart phones the maker of palm operating systems for handheld computers plans to introduce new software tomorrow to serve as the brains for so called smart phones.
2			single	race			germany paddles to bronze the men 's single slalom canoe race ended with balled fists and shouts of joy for stefan pfannmller. but for germany 's women, there was nothing to celebrate.
2			general	sport			gm recalls 1.5 million vehicles in north america general motors corp. has recalled nearly 1.5 million vehicles in north america, including 946,817 sport utility vehicles, to fix tail lights that could loosen and flicker, the automaker said on thursday.
2			coach			put me in, coach! coach joins the s p 500, and others stand to benefit from the leather in the weather.
3			profit	suspect	sale			clicking on profits the latest data from the us department of commerce further bolsters what we have all suspected: e commerce sales are increasing. not only might one suspect that consumer confidence
2			team	coach	football	series			vogts resigns! the scottish football association have confirmed that berti vogts has resigned as coach of the national team. the german has been under intense pressure after a series of bad results and was expected to be
4			cell			smile pretty for the cell phone thanks to digital cameras, picture taking has been revitalized. at this year 's photokina, the world 's largest photography trade fair, digital cameras dominate the picture.
2			marlin	season			mckeon to return for 2005 season the florida marlins announced on saturday they have re signed manager jack mckeon to a one year contract through the 2005 season.
1			election	president	win			croatian president forced into runoff croatia's pro western president failed to win an outright majority for re election on sunday, forcing him to face a runoff vote against the conservative government's candidate in two weeks.
4			ibm	technology	storage			hitachi, ibm to lay off 400 at hard disk drive venture hitachi global storage technologies inc. hgst , the business created by the merger of the hard disk drive manufacturing units of hitachi ltd. and ibm corp., is to lay off about 400 workers, it said monday.
2			hall	final	night	game	sport			gymnastics competition marked by sound, fury the final night of gymnastics competition at the 2004 games ended with another black eye for the beleaguered sport as spectators at olympic indoor hall turned their rage against a panel
2			game	top	series			these matchups don 't happen often if this matchup was left up to illinois and wake forest, it might not have happened. certainly not on the first day of december. sure, big time top 25 games can be booked as home and home series.
1			president			clinton recovering after heart op former us president bill clinton's heart bypass operation is successful, say doctors in new york.
2			celebration	game			greece signs over to beijing the 2004 olympic games officially came to an end in athens with a spectacular closing ceremony yesterday. greek music and dance kicked off an evening of celebration before the flame was extinguished and the flag lowered.
4			system	email	management			nokia adds smartner email and hints at more nokia corp has unveiled plans to bring smartner information systems oy 's mobile email and personal information management offering to its latest communicators.
2			club			o leary: i won 't quit the villa manager was said to be ready to leave the midlands club unless his assistants roy aitken and steve mcgregor were also given new three and a half year deals.
3			stock	share			computershare says no wrongdoing in probe computershare ltd., the world's largest share registry, said on thursday a new york division subpoenaed by u.s. market regulators investigating stock surveillance firms had not broken any laws.
4			system	networking	stock			cisco to acquire p cube in $ 200m deal networking giant cisco systems inc. said monday that it agreed to acquire sunnyvale, calif. based p cube inc. for about $ 200 million in cash and stock options.
2			team	coach	football	season			harris to coach stanford football team walt harris was officially introduced as stanford's new football coach monday, given the task of resurrecting a program that struggled in three seasons under buddy teevens.
4			technology	storage			hitachi to release 100gb hard drives for notebooks hitachi global storage technologies inc. hgst announced the availability of 2.5 inch hard drives with capacities up to 100gb for notebook computers by the end of 2004, the company said on tuesday.
4			cell	technology	win			motorola to build cell phones into ski jackets motorola inc. said it will unveil plans this week for a line of outerwear that uses interactive cell phone and portable music technology in snowboarding jackets, in a bid to win over twentysomethings.
2			sport			ice on jet 's wings may have been cause on ebersol crash ice on wings may have caused ebersol crash: investigators said yesterday they were looking into whether ice on the wings or a mechanical problem contributed to the fiery crash of an executive jet that killed the 14 year old son of nbc sports chairman dick
4			system	upgrade	microsoft	flaw			windows upgrade fixes security flaws, but it 's not perfect microsoft is making a major push to get home and business customers to embrace the security focused overhaul to its windows xp computer operating system.
2			club			mcclaren hails special boro middlesbrough manager steve mcclaren was blown away by the riverside club 's dominating performance thursday evening against lazio.
2			game			games with get up and go video gaming has long suffered a reputation for creating sedentary and solitary zombies, pasty and pudgy except for their muscular thumbs. a growing number of games, however, are getting gamers off their couches and on their feet, not only shouting, gyrating, singing and dancing, but sometimes gasp! playing nicely with others, face to face, in groups.
3			sale			webex adds sales center for sales professionals webex communications inc. is expanding its web conferencing service with an offering designed for sales professionals, the company plans to announce on monday.
2			game			some won, some lost, but greece triumphed over all we owe them an apology, oh yes we do. the greeks pulled off the olympic games after we said they did not have a prayer, and now there 's but one way to make it right: the summer games belong here
2			game	sale			gamers rush to buy new sony psp gamers have bought almost all of the first batch of sony 's new playstation portable psp games console, which went on sale in japan on sunday.
4			expo	technology			reporter 's notebook: apple expo eyes imac g5 pariswhile one of the world 's great metropolitan centers, paris may be known more for its bright lights than for technology introductions.
4			lab			network emulator eases wan pain company says replicating network latency, bandwidth and packet loss problems enables better lab testing.
2			source	sport			montoya to be summoned by fia over conduct formula one 's governing body will summon juan pablo montoya to a meeting in december to explain his conduct, motor sport sources said today.
4			license	management	technology	win			french courts give rights win to apple the french competition council will not force apple to license its fairplay digital rights management technology to competitors. the council rejected an argument by virgin france, which
4			linux	software	microsoft	technology			debian rejects senderid rwerp writes reports that debian, a linux distribution known for its commitment to free software ideas, rejected microsoft patented senderid technology, intended to combat spam.
4			attack	vulnerability	system	software	vendor	glitch	switch			ios glitch leaves some cisco gear open to attack a software vulnerability in some cisco systems inc. routers and switches could allow an attacker to cause the devices to hang, the vendor warned this week.
4			cell	feature			blog search engine adds moblog search blog search engine adds moblog search blog search engine and icerocket search have partnered to bring cell phone pic blogs, or moblogs, into the search engine world with a new search feature which produces image results of the latest moblogs images available. blog search engine has over 10,000 blogs indexed in ...
2			game	club			women make inroads in video game industry jennifer canada knew she was entering a boy's club when she enrolled in southern methodist university's guildhall school of video game making.
4			system	affair			sony prefer ps2 over psp sony is not exactly going mega with the launch of its handheld gaming system named psp on december 12. instead, critics already fear that getting hand on one would be a very tough affair.
4			ibm	computing			bluegene: ibm claims crown ibm corp. announced wednesday that it has created the most powerful computer ever, besting a japanese machine that has held the world record for computing power for three years.
3			clothing	profit	management	retailer			uk: m s reports lower profit, reshuffles management uk food and clothing retailer marks spencer has reported lower profits for the first half, and announced management changes as it tries to turn around its business.
2			oriole	season			palmeiro signs one year contract with orioles rafael palmeiro didn 't want his homecoming with the baltimore orioles to end after just one season, so he took a pay cut and accepted a one year, $ 3 million contract wednesday.
1			democrat	election			vote shakes hong kong democrats for hong kong 's democracy activists, the results of legislative elections announced yesterday suggest that the deck will remain stacked against them for years to come.
2			coach			uf coaches coming, going during a day of new beginnings, florida and its fired coach will each launch the start of fresh chapters today. in the same afternoon, utah coach urban meyer will meet his
1			party	race	election			new rules for 'soft money' groups in 2006 non party groups spending millions of dollars in unlimited donations on ads and get out the vote drives in this year's presidential race will face some new ground rules starting with the 2006 election.
4			patent	identification	frequency	technology	standard			patent fight may slow radio tags as a standards setting body readies a protocol for radio frequency identification, known as rfid, a bid for royalties from a holder of critical patents has threatened to disrupt the smooth rollout of a technology that could spawn one of the decade's biggest industries.
2			champion	trophy			kiwi hopes brought down by symonds the six shooter another day, another mismatch: the contest that was meant to bring the champions trophy to life proved to be as one sided as its predecessors.
3			investor	stock			lessons of the 29 crash entitlement is something that investors today need to get over. just because they ve lost money on stocks in recent years doesn 't mean markets are destined to return soon to ever higher levels.
4			software			oracle steps up pressure on peoplesoft saying the financial projections for 2005 made by pleasanton based business software maker peoplesoft are simply not credible, redwood shores based oracle corp.
1			leader	president	relative			turkmen leader reburies relatives turkmen president moves the remains of his family to a newly built mausoleum in his home village.
1			tension	good	election	ally			wto oks trade sanctions against u.s. the european union and its allies got the go ahead on tuesday to impose some $ 150 million in sanctions on u.s. goods in a dispute that could stir trade tensions ahead of the u.s. elections.
1			president			peoplesoft's ceo conway gets the boot peoplesoft inc. chief executive officer ceo and president craig conway was shown the door on friday by the company's board of directors, who immediately replaced him with dave duffield, peoplesoft's founder and chairman.
4			identification	frequency	technology	use	standard			oracle exec upbeat about china's rfid plans despite lingering fears of incompatibility between china's upcoming rfid radio frequency identification standard and international standards, the chinese government's plans to impose a mandatory standard for rfid are unlikely to result in sharply higher costs for companies that use the technology, according to an oracle corp. executive.
3			investor	fund			funds: fund mergers can hurt investors mergers and acquisitions have played an enormous role in the u.s. economy during the past several decades, but sometimes the results have been bad for consumers. similarly, consolidation in the mutual fund business has sometimes hurt fund investors.
3			sale	share			krispy kreme in new sticky mess shares in krispy kreme doughnuts have plummeted by almost 20 after the firm announced a quarterly loss of $ 3m due to store closures and poor sales.
2			sport	knee	orleans	season			mashburn to sit out 2004 05 campaign new orleans, la sports network new orleans hornets forward jamal mashburn will sit out the 2004 05 season due to a patella femoral irritation of his right knee.
2			player	game	version			'doom 3' game unlikely for xbox this year id ceo the xbox version of doom 3, the long awaited pc video game recently released to wide acclaim, is not likely to be released in 2004 dealing a blow to enthusiastic game players who are anxiously awaiting it.
4			technology	content	server			moreover technologies offers blog ping service moreover technologies offers blog ping service moreover technologies, a provider of syndicated news and online information, this week announced a new service that enables bloggers to significantly expand the distribution of their content by automatically notifying moreover the instant new content is published. the moreover ping server ensures rapid inclusion into ...
2			red	card	minute	sport			deportivo goes down at home la coruna, spain sports network osasuna overcame a red card to shock deportivo la coruna sunday, 3 1. deportivo took a 1 0 lead into halftime on a walter pandiani strike in the 19th minute.
2			team			glock in at jordan, pantano out jordan have confirmed that timo glock will replace giorgio pantano for this weekend 's chinese gp as the team has terminated its contract with pantano.
1			election	presidency	president	afghanistan			karzai on course for presidency more than half the votes have been counted in afghanistan 's landmark election, and president hamid karzai is said to be running well ahead of his rivals.
2			stadium			vegas comes to wembley with casino plan rundown land surrounding london's wembley stadium will be transformed into a glitzy $ 600 million gambling resort in a joint venture between u.s. group caesars entertainment and britain's quintain estates.
2			injury	orleans	saint	game	sport			mcallister injures ankle for saints new orleans, la sports network new orleans running back deuce mcallister left sunday 's game against san francisco with an ankle injury.
3			retailer			gateway computers to be sold through micro center computer manufacturer gateway has added micro center to the list of retailers selling its new line of retail notebooks, desktops and monitors.
4			software	mode			intel formally introduces tri mode wi fi chip as expected, intelintroduced its tri mode wireless chip thursday with several software enhancements to the product to help improve security and reliability, it said during a webcast.
1			parliament	debate	minister	prime	opposition			india budget voted without debate india's national budget is passed by parliament amid an opposition boycott after a row with the prime minister.
4			generation			palmone rolls out new treo smartphone palmone has introduced the treo 650 smartphone, the successor to its treo 600. the new model includes a brighter screen, bluetooth connectivity, support for next generation gsm gprs networks
2			player	fifa	game			danish players suspend strike against fifa transfer rules copenhagen: danish footballers on wednesday temporarily suspended their week long strike action in protest at a rule by the games ruling body fifa concerning the transfer of players under 23 years old.
4			software			ixi mobile joins forces with at wireless to launch ogot redwood city, ca, 28 september 2004 ixi mobile and its ixi connect os software have been selected by at wireless for ogo, at wireless hip, new mobile messaging device.
4			grid	system	storage			hp 's storageworks grid approach makes data dynamic hewlett packard has unveiled its storage grid architecture strategyan approach that company executives claim is faster and more efficient than comparable products and systems on the market today.
1			president			cbs consolidates network, tv studio arms viacom inc. has reshuffled its executive ranks, placings its paramount television production under the control of cbs entertainment president nancy tellem.
2			tour	race			armstrong says he might skip next tour lance armstrong is unsure if he will ride in next summer's tour de france because he'd like to compete in other races. armstrong, who won a record sixth straight tour de france this year, said in saturday's edition of l'equipe it is time to move on to other things.
4			general	increase	system	technology	standard			gm, ford to increase suv stability systems general motors corp. and ford motor co. said yesterday they are rushing to embrace a new safety technology called electronic stability control, and together they will make such systems standard
2			team			stellar survivor from 1572 ad explosion supports supernova theory an international team of astronomers is announcing today that they have identified the probable surviving companion star to a titanic supernova explosion witnessed in the year 1572 by the great danish astronomer tycho brahe and other astronomers of that
3			sale	price			telecoms sell off price reduced hutchison whampoa, under pressure to offset losses on 3g mobile costs, cuts the price for the sale of its emerging markets arm.
2			coach			allardyce to be with bolton for five more years bolton rewarded coach sam allardyce with a new five year deal monday. allardyce, who has already been with bolton for five years, turns 50 years old this week.
3			investor	share			krispy kreme's failings tough to glaze over investors are finally figuring out that krispy kreme doughnuts' shares are just like its doughnuts: get 'em while they're hot because they can go stale in a hurry.
4			user	microsystems	system	version			sun raising curtain on new solaris sun microsystems on monday was to unveil the latest version of its flagship computer operating system, solaris. it also intended to offer a free version of the program to make it more attractive to corporate and academic users.
4			spur	science	technology	series			new x prize sets sights on science, technology and social ... the x prize foundation and the world technology network announced today the formation of a joint venture to launch a series of technology incentive prizes to help spur innovation and breakthroughs in a range of scientific arenas.
3			forecast	profit	sale	retailer			brookstone posts a narrower loss brookstone inc. bkst.o , a retailer specializing in gadgets and personal electronics, on wednesday posted a narrower quarterly loss on strong father's day sales and raised its profit forecast for the full year.
3			investor	earnings	stock	election	good			stocks finish strong on election, earnings money flooded back into stocks this week as investors embraced a swift end to the presidential election, strong corporate earnings and good economic news.
3			sale			jones apparel: does barney's mean trouble? the fashion company continues to build and buy in the face of disappointing sales.
3			software	sale	stock			stocks higher on retail data, mergers u.s. stocks rose on monday following a pickup in merger activity in the software and telecom sectors and better than expected retail sales in november, which signaled an uptick in consumer spending.
2			final	game	win			guo wins gold in 3m springborad diving china finished one two through guo jingjing and wu minxia in the women 's 3m springboard diving final at the olympic games on thursday.
1			election			will the us election matter to the it sector? analysis only slightly if at all
2			season			but seriously, folks as people will remind you, it's the season to give and so we're in a giving mood for week 12. four choices, four favorites selected, four different scenarios.
3			shareholder			more pain coming at tenet news research continued to test the nerves of its daring shareholder corps monday, predicting a wider than expected fourth quarter loss, a billion dollar writedown and another weak year in 2005.
4			card	application	technology	identity			online identity theft: many medicines, no cure anti phishing applications, smart cards, and new authentication technologies are vying for your support.
1			party	relation			li: china willing to deepen ties with turkmenistan a senior official of the communist party of china cpc said here monday that china attaches great importance to developing its relations with turkmenistan and will,as always
3			growth	share			nortel warns it now expects 2004 revenue growth will trail its ... nortel networks shares fell thursday after the troubled telecom equipment maker warned that its full year growth in 2004 will likely trail the industry, rather than outperform its peers as the company has been predicting.
2			player	baseball	team			ultimate salesman, pitching the biggest stars in baseball scott boras, the most successful agent in baseball history, tells players what they are worth, tells teams the same and waits for the financial outcome to satisfy him.
4			technology	team	project	developer			the elder scrolls iv: oblivion developer diary well, we started the project soon after morrowind, and our team was split into two groups one working on technology for oblivion, and one working on expansion packs.
1			president			chen defends taiwan 's controversial arms package taiwan president chen shui bian said sunday a controversial arms deal was part of the government 's attempts to deter any attempt by rival china to invade the island.
2			coach	football	season			mississippi state extends croom contract mississippi state has extended the contract of head football coach sylvester croom, keeping him with the university through the 2008 season.
2			race			radio adds a delay for drivers motor racing network will follow nbc 's lead and add a delay to its nascar radio broadcasts beginning with sunday 's race at kansas speedway.
4			attack	kazaa	software	file	technology	developer			music industry tries to shut kazaa down lawyers from the music industry are on the attack down under as they try to close the popular p2p software network kazaa. an australian federal court was told that the developers of file swapping technology
4			license	software	sale			peoplesoft rebuffs oracle offer ceo david duffield says offer undervalues the software company; board touts growing license sales.
4			system			cisco turns 20 when cisco systems unveiled its latest and greatest network router in may, it trumpeted the event as a watershed. having grown from start up to industry behemoth over the past two decades, the company claimed
4			user	cell			phone choices may affect polls political polling outfits exclude cell phone users from this year's presidential surveys. but a new survey indicates that mobile phone users are a distinct voting group whose ballot preferences might not be reflected in traditional polls. by elisa batista.
1			party	election			schroeder 's party routed in elections chancellor gerhard schroeders party was routed in elections in the small western state of saarland, where public anger over his cuts in social programmes also boosted a small far right party that benefited from the national mood of protest.
2			championship	football	nation	team	top	good	season	match	game	bowl			another good bcs debacle? the purpose of the bcs is to match the nation 's top two college football teams in an end of season bowl game for the national championship.
4			space	nasa	technology	drop	project			nasa transfers x 37 project to darpa washington x2014; nasa has transferred its x 37 technology demonstration program to the pentagon's defense advanced research projects agency darpa , which plans to go ahead with atmospheric drop tests of the prototype space plane next year.
1			president			ioc opens investigation london the international olympic committee has opened an investigation into doping allegations against us athlete marion jones. ioc president jacques rogge roh guh set up a disciplinary commission to look
2			player	coach	match	league			italy to field young squad against finland leaving all his stars at home to rest for domestic league matches, italy coach marcello lippi will field a squad comprising six rookies and several more inexperienced players in wednesday 's friendly against finland.
3			retailer			to decant $ 20 million in funding the online wine retailer ferments plans to improve its business and web site for customers.
2			career			paisley appears ready to compromise to secure place in history ian paisley has made a career out of obstructing efforts to find a political accommodation between northern ireland 's warring communities.
3			retailer	holding			google challenges amazon with book search google challenges amazon with book search google has quietly launched a new book search service which is predicted to rival google publishing partner and internet book retailer accoding to a rueters report google founders larry page and sergey brin will be holding a press conference on thursday to demonstrate the ...
4			development	scientist	brain			protein found to regulate sleep, anxiety brain peptide may be target for new drugs to treat insomnia, adhd healthdaynews a brain protein that regulates sleep and anxiety may offer a target for the development of new drugs to treat conditions such as sleep and anxiety disorders and attention deficit hyperactivity disorder. in research with rodents, university of california, irvine scientists found that neuropeptide s nps increases alertness, suppresses sleep and controls stress response...
4			patent	software			linus torvalds against eu patent directive they are asking the european union council to reject this proposal. they claim that software patent directive would be harmful to the european economy.
4			system	technology	institute	high	scientist			high solar activity to last for few decades only: technology india: london, oct 31 : scientists from the max planck institute for solar system research in germany, who have reconstructed the sun 's activity over the last 11 millennia, have forecasted decreased activity within a few decades.
4			microsoft	software	project	code			flexwiki: microsoft's third open software project could problems with microsoft's gotdotnet workspaces be prompting microsoft to release more code to sourceforge?
1			leader	election	bush	party	president	opposition			conflicted evangelicals could cost bush votes brookfield, wis. ; with their ardent, bible based opposition to abortion and gay marriage, evangelical christians are a key target of the massive republican get out the vote drive heading into next week's election. party leaders consider conservative christians to be as near a lock for president bush as any group can be.
1			minister	finance			sorbara says restraint required to stay on plan to balance ... ontario must exercise restraint in keeping to its plan to balance the budget, finance minister greg sorbara said thursday as he gave his first economic statement since may 's budget.
4			microsoft	technology			microsoft to preview search engine microsoft has stepped up its efforts to compete with rival google, offering consumers a preview of its technology for searching the internet this week.
4			system			health care can be cured: here's how americans are burdened with a costly, hugely dysfunctional health care system. in a new book, a pair of investigative reporters offers a fresh remedy based on a successful model we're all familiar with
4			britain	technology			eu 's big three give iran last chance britain, france, and germany to offer iran nuclear technology if it ends uranium enrichment efforts. agence france presse reports that britain, france and germany are ready to promise iran nuclear technology
4			user	desktop	microsoft	software	file	mail	technology			yahoo! takes a partner for desktop search fray yahoo! plans to launch software in coming weeks that allows users to search for e mail and other files stored on their computers, but unlike rivals google and microsoft, it is turning to a partner for help with the technology.
4			technology			gm showcases hydrogen and hybrid technologies at china 's challenge ... gm is showcasing a range of near, mid and long term solutions for cleaner, sustainable transportation at china 's challenge bibendum, which is being held in shanghai from october 12 14.
3			share	investor	stock	good	trading	use	volume			investors see only negatives some say indexes dropped thursday because investors are idling until some good news comes around. maybe so, but the trading volume of the nasdaq 100 tracking stock, which we use to get a better feel for how individual tech shares are selling, ...
2			patriot	play	offense	season	player	coach	game			coach is in seymour's corner patriots coach bill belichick believes all pro defensive lineman richard seymour has played very well this season, despite being held to four tackles and no sacks through the first two games. in our defense, and in our offense, when the opportunities come, you count on the players to make the plays, belichick said. not everybody gets the same number ...
4			system	reform			giving doctors more support crucial to health reform, council head says halifax cp giving family doctors more support by spreading out the burden of primary care is crucial to reforming canada's health care system, says the head of a council evaluating nationwide efforts to improve medicare.
4			speed	amd	team	ibm	technology	silicon			ibm, amd team on new strained silicon advanced micro devices and ibm have collaborated on new strained silicon technology, which stands to boost transistor speed. in a statement ahead of the ieee international electron devices meeting in san francisco
2			bell	fan	philadelphia	sport			the city of brotherly love loves wi fi it 's already well known for its cheesesteak sandwiches, the liberty bell and for sports fans who once booed santa claus. now, the city of philadelphia is trying to forge a new reputation by way of the internet.
4			system			german supreme court rules in favor of 'generic domain grabbing' first come, first served system 'not unethical'
4			user	low	amd	technology	access			amd rolls out low cost net access device in india us chip maker advanced micro devices has unveiled a low cost internet access device that could cost just a few hundred dollars, aimed at first time technology users in the developing world.
3			good			all of a sudden, the neighborhood looks a lot friendlier these are hopeful times for those who like to think the prospects of life elsewhere are good.
4			user	software			lycos europe to spammers: it 's pay back time lycos europe nv is offering internet users a way to stick it to spammers with its new screen saver software, called make love, not spam.
4			software	microsoft			hackers target microsoft jpeg hole malicious hackers are seeding internet news groups that traffic in pornography with jpeg images that take advantage of a recently disclosed security hole in microsoft 's software, according to warnings from antivirus software companies and internet
4			software	rating			yahoo agrees to buy musicmatch for $ 160 mn new york, september 14 new ratings yahoo! inc has agreed to acquire musicmatch inc, a privately held digital music software company, for about $ 160 million in cash.
4			president	technology			bill clinton helps launch search engine former president bill clinton on monday helped launch a new internet search company backed by the chinese government which says its technology uses artificial intelligence to produce better results than google inc.
3			management			alitalia to slash 5000 jobs management at the italian national airline alitalia put forward a rescue plan today to trade unions that foresees slashing 5000 jobs and splitting the struggling carrier into two in order to keep it aloft.
2			team	carolina	player	game	bowl			teams left down and out clemson and south carolina will not accept bowl bids, punishment for players who brawled toward the end of saturday's game.
2			player	baseball	victory			baseball player 's religious holiday needs no explanation he is credited with victory. which always begs the question of how the losers are supposed to feel. are they sinners ... heathens ... infidels? inadequate at prayer? or just lacking in defense?
2			winner	game			no winners in powerball, hoosier lotto none of the tickets sold for the latest hoosier lotto game matched all six numbers drawn, so the jackpot grows to an estimated $ 7 million for wednesday 's drawing.
3			outsourcing	vendor			analyst: outsourcing can save costs in health care health care organizations not considering offshore outsourcing are missing out on significant cost savings, but administrators need to be aware of potential risks, including lax handling of data security by some vendors and the effect on employee morale, a health care it analyst said tuesday.
3			sale	finance			looking for mr. goodwrench rob chermesino's college educated friends went into finance and sales. his fiance is a meeting planner. chermesino picked up a wrench.
4			user	technology			canadian inventor lets everyone be an armchair spy p p p by larissa liepins p p toronto reuters new internet based technology could soon turn regular computer users into armchair spies, a canadian inventor said on monday. p
2			game			governor take action on video games governor rod blagojevich is taking a stand on violent and sexually explicit video games. he wants to keep them out of children 's reach.
4			system	software			avaya, polycom dial in videoconferencing avaya quote, chart , a communications software, systems and services company, has announced a new internet protocol based video conferencing offering for businesses.
2			team	season			are you sitting comfortably? then well begin giancarlo fisichella began preparations for the 2005 season yesterday at enstone, when he visited renault f1 teams uk base for a seat fitting.
1			politics	crisis	president	debate			politics cloud debate on philippine crisis manila when president gloria macapagal arroyo declared this week that the philippines was already in the midst of a fiscal crisis, many thought she was just stating the obvious.
3			growth	profit			sony ericsson triples 3q profits london, october 14 sony ericsson posted robust profit growth for 3q04, with the company 's quarterly pre tax profits more than tripling from the one year ago levels.
4			tool	feature	series			another cool firefox search tool in my firefox series last week, i overlooked one of the browser's most powerful search functions: an 'always on' find as you type feature.
4			user	app	application	suite			oracle merger to result in few app improvements oracle corp. 's newfound control of peoplesoft won 't result in vast improvements to the e business suite, according to analysts, but it could result in long term benefits for users of both application suites.
4			system	ibm	technology	feature	use	high	version	storage			ibm powers up high end disk arrays ibm took a major step last week in its plan to remain at the forefront of storage technology by introducing two new disk arrays the ds6000 for the upper midrange market and the ds8000 for the high end market. both systems are designed for ease of use and modular for lower cost. they also feature high end storage capabilities and virtualization technology, all in systems considerably smaller than previous versions.
4			technology			acquisition nets big clients pec solutions inc. said yesterday it had acquired ac technologies inc. for $ 46.7 million in cash plus $ 3 million in employee bonuses and payouts. both companies are government contractors based in fairfax.
2			coach			liberty hires coyle the new york liberty bring former interim coach pat coyle on as their head coach on wednesday.
4			secret	development			harmony accuses gold fields of spying in the most dramatic development yet in harmony 's all out fight for gold fields, harmony yesterday accused gold fields of having tried to buy bid secrets from a harmony employee
4			texas	technology			in texas, 28,000 students test an electronic eye hoping to prevent the loss of children, a few schools have begun monitoring student movements using technology similar to that used to track livestock and retail shipments.
2			championship			els haunted by major failures world number three ernie els says he feels a failure after narrowly missing out on three of the year's four major championships.
3			stock			stock picker fraud trial begins stock picker anthony elgindy profited from illegal tips supplied by an fbi agent who told him about probes of companies elgindy would then sell short while spreading negative information to clients of his online newsletter, a prosecutor said.
4			software	patch			patches cause headaches for federal managers security managers in government agencies are most worried about patches and the poor quality of commercial software, a survey finds.
4			generation			mtn, ericsson sign 3g agreement mobile operator mtn has announced a strategic partnership with ericsson, which will become its partner of choice for its third generation 3g network.
4			system	software	president			microstrategy president and cfo resigns microstrategy, which makes business intelligence software, said tuesday that eric brown resigned as president and chief financial officer in order to become cfo at mcafee inc. which makes system security products.
2			party	top	sport			china fills top sports post for olympics china appointed a party official who has never worked in sports to oversee the preparation of athletes for the 2008 beijing olympics.
4			planet	technology			another expanded whois service doing in depth investigation of a web site? offers a wealth of detail about the people and technology behind just about any web site on the planet.
3			investment			china raises stakes in zimbabwe china is taking its long standing investment in zimbabwe to new heights, as air zimbabwe starts bi weekly flights to beijing.
2			team	president			yeltsin grandson joins russian midland f1 team the russian backed midland formula one team planned for 2006 has hired the grandson of former russian president boris yeltsin as marketing director, kommersant daily newspaper said on wednesday.
1			democrat	hall	debate			some democrats blame one of their own san francisco mayor gavin newsom's decision in february to open city hall to thousands of gay weddings has become a subject of considerable debate among democrats.
3			retailer			saks to close carmel store, ten others the saks fifth avenue store in the carmel plaza in carmel is being closed as the upscale fashion retailer adjusts its portfolio. it 's one of eight saks stores and three off 5th stores being shut down by saks
2			stadium	fan	team	park			candlestick park gets new name it 's a sign of the times for forty niner fans, who are getting used to major changes. the team confirmed monday that naming rights to the stadium have been sold to monster cable products inc
2			team	williams	race	season			davidson test cancelled davidson was due to test with williams in spain next week as the team evaluates candidates for a race drive next season, but while bar were seemingly prepared to offer davidson to williams for one year, the grove based team are said to have refused.
4			feature			seagate hopes for big splash with small drives one of the new drives is just 3 inches in diameter, features a retractable usb cable for easy carrying and can store 5gb of data.
1			agenda			cyber security office calls for more clout the office in charge of cyber security in the department of homeland security is planning to continue moving ahead on the agenda the agency has already set.
2			football	ncaa	trophy	stadium	championship			for these quarterbacks, the smaller the better the starting quarterbacks in tonight 's ncaa division i aa football championship at finley stadium in chattanooga thought they would be playing for a trophy on a much bigger stage.
4			technology			us tech execs optimistic about spending newyork: us technology executives are increasingly optimistic about the business climate, although plans for increased technology spending remain modest, according to a study.
2			player	game			'halo 2': heaven sent for game players? long lines greet release of xbox game sequel. also: the transformative powers of half life 2.
3			investor	investment	management	estate			cerberus to buy lnr for $ 1.9 billion private investor cerberus capital management lp has agreed to buy real estate investment and management company lnr property corp. for $ 1.92 billion in cash.
4			technology	price			four infineon execs face jail news: four infineon technologies ag executives face jail after pleading guilty to dram price fixing charges in what the us department of justice says is a, very active and far reaching investigation into antitrust violations in the dram
2			point	team			is this speck of light an exoplanet? is this newly discovered feeble point of light the long sought bona fide image of an exoplanet? a research paper by an international team of astronomers provides sound arguments in favor, but the definitive answer is now awaiting further observations.
4			system	software	sec			doj, sec charge ex peregrine execs over accounting eight former executives of software company peregrine systems inc. face criminal charges involving what us prosecutors wednesday called a multi billion dollar securities fraud.
4			processor			palmone packs treo smart phone with new chip palmone inc.'s long awaited update to the treo 600 will come with a new processor, sharper display and flash memory, as the company continues to improve its flagship product. the company is set to unveil the device, called the treo 650, monday at the cellular telecommunications and internet association's ctia's wireless it and entertainment conference.
4			cell			new drug for advanced lung cancer the us food and drug administration has granted fast trackapproval to tarceva erlotinib to treat advanced non small cell lungcancer that has failed to respond to other therapy.
4			database	united	user	technology			peoplesoft deal is done, real work begins oracle is now oraclesoft, and that means sap will soon have some real competition on its hands. oracle 's recent monster user conference, the first that united its technology, database and
2			player	coach	team			three and out the players pinned buttons to their gator blue wind suits that read: another level. they wore gray t shirts with the words pride out on the front and coaches, team, family, on the back.
4			technology			new logo and tagline for xerox xerox is saying goodbye to an old slogan as it moves beyond the document company, to include technology and consulting.
4			profit	technology			lucent post 1st profitable year since 2000 telecommunications equipment maker lucent technologies inc., rebounding from multibillion dollar losses, reported a larger profit for its fourth fiscal quarter and recorded its first profitable year since 2000.
4			generation			ericsson to build china telecom 's next generation ip backbone ... stockholm, sweden business wire dec. 10, 2004 ericsson nasdaq:ericy has been awarded a contract by china telecom corporation limited china telecom for building its next generation ip backbone
3			producer	profit	earnings	price			smithfield foods profit more than doubles smithfield foods inc. sfd.n: quote, profile, research on thursday said quarterly earnings more than doubled due to higher hog prices and the hog and pork producer 's acquisition of farmland foods last year.
1			president			intel board backs otellini as ceo paul otellini, currently president and coo, will replace outgoing chief craig barrett in may.
2			goal	good	talk	sport			knicks: wilkens spells out goals, starting with d or professional sports, for that matter the knicks talk about wanting to have a good defense. the question is: can they?
2			english	war	nation	sport			a note to lula: haiti is in brazil the english writer george orwell once expressed doubts about the wisdom of sports contests as a way of bringing nations together. he was writing during the cold war when the sports arena became a substitute battlefield between the west and east.
4			hunger	technology			toyota's prius proving to be the hotter hybrid the trouncing of the civic calls into question the depth of the hybrid phenomenon, suggesting that what seems like a new consumer appetite for clean technology could be more a hunger for one cool car.
4			hardware	tool	ibm	technology	developer	application			ibm tools give developers an assist ibm announced monday a set of offerings from its virtual innovation center for hardware, including how to guides and a solution sizing toolkit, all aimed at helping the company 's business partners build and deploy applications on ibm technology.
4			project			ground zero, the long view the main attraction at the project rebirth web site is the time lapse photography capturing the rebuilding at ground zero.
2			park	cup	race			time for 2 year olds to be in the spotlight this is the last big weekend for prep races before the breeders' cup at lone star park oct. 30, and the 2 year olds will take center stage.
2			game			sindelar takes early lead with 5 under 66 at rain delayed canadian joey sindelar had to wait five hours for the canadian open to get started thursday, which was nothing compared with the five weeks he had to wait for his game to show up.
1			politics	fund	terrorist			u.s. funds chat room surveillance study amid the torrent of jabber in internet chat rooms flirting by qtpie and boogieboy, arguments about politics and horror flicks are terrorists plotting their next move?
2			player	coach	career	club			robson back at west brom as coach west bromwich albion hired former player bryan robson to be their new head coach tuesday. robson, 47, began his playing career with west brom in 1974 and made 249 appearances for the club.
4			use	cell			airbus: in 2006, keep your cell phone on plane maker airbus reported progress wednesday in plans to enable passengers to use mobile phones in flight, beginning in 2006. test equipment aboard an airbus a320 plane demonstrated that mobile phones can
4			content			google print opens widely to publishers google's nearly year old google print program is set for a huge expansion of content through the launch of a new program today allowing publishers to more easily submit material for inclusion.
3			chain	sale	rise			retail sales in u.s. chain stores rise u.s. chain store retail sales rose in the latest week, a report said on tuesday.
1			talk			ziggy speaks frankly and says he was pushed mark colvin: all this year, the business world has been abuzz with talk about the board of telstra, and whether chief executive ziggy switkowski could survive.
2			game	team	wizard			wizards kwame brown suspended for one game the washington wizards suspended kwame brown for one game thursday for conduct detrimental to the team. brown will miss friday 's game against the new york knicks.
2			team	race	prix			tomorrows another day: fernando looks ahead to the race the renault f1 teams spanish driver may only be starting eighth, but he is bullish about his chances in tomorrows brazilian grand prix.
4			novell	technology	enterprise			notifylink supports palmone 's new treo 650 smartphone for novell ... san jose, calif., oct. 26 prnewswire firstcall notify technology corporation bulletin board: ntfy , today announced that its notifylink enterprise mobility solution for novell groupwise has been enhanced
4			silicon			silicon valley aims to refresh its image charlie rose, the tv interviewer, is taping five shows back to back of silicon valley heavyweights.
4			cell			consumers give up land lines for cell phones consumers increasingly are moving away from using fixed line phones together with cell phones to using cell phones for all or most of their voice calls, according to a study carried out for nokia nyse: nok by uk market research company mori.
4			piracy	cell	technology			cell phone tv is coming several companies move toward offering tv on mobile phones. also: nds, stmicroelectronics and thomson will develop anti piracy technology hellip;. oracle continues pursuit of peoplesoft hellip;. and more.
4			design	project			calif. to let san francisco bridge bid to expire california transportation officials said on thursday they have decided to allow a $ 1.4 billion bid to rebuild part of the san francisco oakland bay bridge to expire and to solicit less expensive designs for the over budget project
4			user	microsoft	software			microsoft delays sp2 delivery again software giant allows users more time to prepare for xp's security fix.
3			profit	management	trading			trading slump hurts ubs profit bank 's 3q profit dips, but it says 04 will be better than 03; wealth management stays strong. zurich reuters banking heavyweight ubs remained cautious about prospects for the rest of the year after a
4			system	good	linux	feature			mozilla firefox: the searcher 's browser firefox has emerged as the first browser in years to seriously challenge internet explorerwith good reason. firefox has superior security and anti scumware features, it works on windows, linux, macos x and other operating systems, and it 's free.
3			growth	buying			eyeing downturn, chip makers trim equipment buying the semiconductor industry is showing the first signs of slowing growth, trimming purchases of raw materials and production equipment as demand slows, industry executives and analysts said on tuesday.
4			microsoft	feature	server			microsoft trims next windows server release microsoft corp. wants to deliver its windows server 2003 update, known as r2, in 2005. to make sure it will be able do so, the company is prioritizing its feature list and moving some r2 features into later releases.
3			investor	growth			nortel: nowhere to go but up it certainly sounds like bad news when a company fires seven executives for financial malfeasance, lays off 3,500 employees and advises investors that it expects sluggish market growth for the year.
1			debate			study: government data limited on offshoring new report from congress reveals little on extent of shipping it and other services work abroad, as debate on the trend heats up.
4			tool			cisco introduces integrated routers cisco is to introduce a line of branch office routers that integrate basic routing capabilities with ip voice support and security tools.
1			war	talk			us eu talks on airbus subsidies fail the eu and us moved closer to an aviation trade war after failing to reach agreement during talks thursday on subsidies to airbus industrie.
4			platform	server	roster	application	source			jboss adds workflow engine to middleware stack open source company jboss has added a workflow engine to its roster as it continues building out its middleware platform around the jboss application server.
1			fighting			bout vs. holyfield puts donald in the spotlight the first time larry donald told his buddies he was fighting four time heavyweight champ evander holyfield, they thought he was kidding.
2			season			trainer links bonds to drugs barry bonds 's weight trainer said on a secretly recorded tape that the san francisco giants star took an undetectable performance enhancing drug during the 2003 season, the san francisco chronicle reported saturday.
4			system	software	microsoft	pack			microsoft offers sp2 compatibility guide microsoft has launched a do it yourself kit to help it professionals assess their software 's compatibility with windows xp service pack 2. fears among system administrators and it managers that xp sp2 may
3			sale	retailer	earnings	rise			limited brands operating earnings rise retailer limited brands inc. on thursday posted higher quarterly earnings before special items as clearance sales at its express apparel stores and cost cutting boosted results.
1			politics	debate	kerry	election	bush	iraq			web sites spoof bush, kerry with parodies if you're not ready to feverishly debate iraq or the deficit in this bitterly divisive election year, you can always surf the web, where politics is frequently nothing but a big joke.
1			party	election	opposition			counting of votes begins in maharashtra election election officials began counting votes in maharashtra on saturday in a poll that is crucial to the political fortunes of the ruling congress party and the opposition hindu nationalists.
2			season			christmas new year's travel to set record americans will travel in record numbers this holiday season, thanks partly to christmas and new year's landing on the weekend, the aaa said wednesday in releasing a travel survey.
3			investment	trading	stock	sale			reuters moves to sell instinet reuters, the media and information group, is understood to have appointed investment bankers to explore the sale of instinet, its american electronic stock trading business.
1			party	deputy	president			zimbabwe ruling party picks woman as mugabe deputy zimbabwean president robert mugabe 's ruling zanu pf confirmed the first woman to become his deputy on saturday, putting her on course to succeed mugabe when he eventually retires in 2008.
1			president			update 1 kroll appoints freakley as chief executive kroll inc., an investigation and risk consulting company owned by marsh mclennan cos. inc. mmc.n: quote, profile, research , has appointed simon freakley as chief executive officer and president.
1			regime			14 detained in saudi protest anti regime demonstrations called for yesterday by a dissident group were thwarted as saudi security forces, deployed en masse in riyadh and jeddah, detained 14 people.
4			tool			infocus: metasploit framework, part 2 newly updated. this article provides insight into the metasploit framework, a very useful tool for the penetration tester. part two of three.
2			play	cricket	tournament	team			cricket: tendulkar likely to play third test sachin tendulkar, whose absence from the last few tournaments has been sorely felt by the indian team, is likely to be fit for the third cricket test against australia beginning in nagpur on october 26.
3			profit	earnings	clothing	retailer	sale			gap 3q earnings meet analysts' estimates gap inc.'s third quarter profit improved slightly even as the clothing retailer's sales began to sag.
4			technology	united	miller	developer			mass. tech developer to be sold for $ 163m defense technology developer foster miller inc. of waltham says it will be acquired for $ 163 million by britain's qinetiq group plc, a public private partnership with the united kingdom ministry of defense.
4			microsoft	software	technology	developer	use	spyware			software giant buys giant software microsoft today announced that it will buy giant company software, a developer of anti spyware and internet security offerings. the redmond, washington, firm will use technology from the acquisition
4			percent	growth	technology			itaa sees limited it job growth in '04 the number of u.s. it jobs increased by just 2 percent between the first quarter of 2003 and the first quarter of 2004, and demand for it workers is expected to slow during the rest of the year, according to a survey released wednesday by the information technology association of america itaa .
2			player	movie			review: new media players too small the new breed of portable media players is finally here, but the devices are too small to comfortably watch movies on and too bulky to compete with my mp3 music player.
4			development			ford ceo asks for government help on health costs bill ford, ford motor co. 's chairman and chief executive officer, called wednesday for federal help with health care costs and the development of hydrogen powered vehicles.
4			software			computer associates ex ceo is charged the former chief executive of software maker computer associates international was charged yesterday with securities fraud in a multibillion dollar accounting
4			hardware	content	technology	language	copy			tech powers seek antipiracy accord a consortium of technology companies hopes to create a common antipiracy language, ending the babel of copy proofing technologies that has rendered much digital content and hardware incompatible.
2			game	unbeaten			sportsnetwork game preview johan santana is unbeaten 14 0 in 16 starts since the all star break and has an amazing era of 1.13 in that span.
4			user	software	spyware			calif. law seen as first salvo in spyware fight california's pioneering law aimed at cracking down on spyware signed this week to curb the software that hides on computers and secretly follows users around the web is only a partial step toward protecting consumers, critics said on friday.
2			player			kidnappers release robinho's mother kidnappers freed on friday the mother of santos forward robinho, one of brazil's most talented young players, 40 days after seizing her at gunpoint while she was attending a barbecue.
2			english	soccer	team	country	coach	england	sport			aragones scolded for outburst against english spain coach luis aragones was criticized wednesday by the country 's leading sports daily for his outburst against the english on the eve of his team 's soccer friendly with england.
4			use	technology	project	access			intel to join in a project to extend wireless use intel is teaming up with telecommunications pioneer craig mccaw to develop new wireless technology for internet access.
4			software	microsoft	management	version			microsoft to launch new small business software microsoft corp. is planning to release a new version of its office program for small businesses that handles accounting and customer management tasks, the world's largest software maker said on friday.
3			growth			businesses keep q3 pc growth on track pc shipments have started to ease off, as expected, but the worldwide pc market remained fairly strong in the third quarter, according to research from idc and gartner released monday.
4			patent	microsoft	file	technology			microsoft vows fight over fat patent in a preliminary ruling, the us government has rejected microsoft 's 1996 patent on technology for saving files on computers using easy to remember names.
3			investor			wall street opens higher wall street opened higher today on the heels of last week 's closing rally, with investors awaiting the latest snapshot on us factory orders.
4			system			peoplesoft introduces support by subscription new technical support service lets businesses outsource tuning, patching and monitoring of their peoplesoft systems.
4			server			intel issues dire warning about internet 's future intel has outlined its vision of the internet of the future, one in which millions of computer servers would analyse and direct network traffic to make the web safer and more efficient.
3			investor	gain	stock	share			europe markets european stocks nudged higher thursday, boosted by investors applauding cost cutting initiatives at dutch bank abn amro and overnight gains from us shares.
2			baseball			hearing will be long supporters and detractors of a plan to bring baseball to the district are lining up to make their case before the d.c. council.
4			leader	science	police	technology			computer sciences sells dyncorp units computer sciences corp. is selling parts of reston based dyncorp it acquired last year, saying the units, which provide security to foreign leaders and train international police, do not fit with its information technology focus.
2			team			renault determined to quit f1 we have not reached an agreement with bernie ecclestone, and we are absolutely not ready to accept that there is not a better redistribution among the teams of the money generated by f1, faure said.
2			team	win			fresno state 45 manhattan, kansas fresno state pulled off its biggest win ever against a ranked team by downing number 13 kansas city 45 to 21 in manhattan.
3			movie	profit	share			blockbuster posts loss. shares plunge blockbuster inc. on wednesday posted a quarterly operating profit well below analysts' estimates even before $ 1.5 billion in one time charges, as it faced falling movie rental demand and higher costs to counter competition.
4			sender	license	technology	source			apache, open source groups wary of sender id the apache foundation pulls support for the antispam technology because of microsoft's license requirements.
4			microsystems	generation	system	software	development	price			sun to give out operating system for free after investing roughly 500 million and spending years of development time on its next generation operating system, sun microsystems inc. on monday will announce an aggressive price for the software free.
4			outsourcing	ibm	technology			big blue loses multibillion outsourcing contract armonk based ibm corp. has lost a $ 5 billion contract to provide technology outsourcing services to jpmorgan chase co. new york based jpmorgan plans to rehire 4,000 workers whose jobs
4			development	developer			collisions in gran turismo 5 gran turismo 4 has just finished its development cycle. while developer polyphony digital is still hard at work on gran turismo 4 mobile and, possibly, gran turismo for boys, we re sure
4			engineer	tiger	system	mac	software	developer	ship	access			tiger early start kit for developers start developing for mac os x v10.4 tiger, the next release of apple 's powerful unix based operating system, due to ship in the first half of 2005. the tiger early start kit for developers provides everything developers need including pre release tiger software, tiger documentation, access to tiger support engineers and more to create revolutionary tiger products. oct 19
3			sale	reader			google launches new site for readers, publishers leading web search engine google launched a new site for book lovers at the world 's largest publishing show on thursday that will provide a new avenue for sales.
2			winner	medal	athletics	british	sport			british give shrink an olympian job british athletics chiefs have named sports psychologist david collins as the new performance director with the job of producing medal winners at the 2008 beijing olympics.
3			trader			strong u.s. economy attracts dollar buyers after fretting for months about the bulging u.s. deficit, in recent days currency traders have turned their attention to the health of the world's other economies.
2			night	medal	game	win			michael phelps wins 6 gold medals in swimming in athens the eight days of olympic swimming competition ended saturday night at the athens summer games. and the big star was american michael phelps.
1			parliament	labour	election	party	general	opposition			labour party leads lithuanian parliament election initial results show that the opposition labour party led by viktor uspaskich appeared to grab the most seats in lithuania 's 141 member parliament in the general election held on sunday.
1			party	election	reform	opposition			zimbabwe opposition poll boycott zimbabwe's main opposition party say they will not take part in elections unless major reforms are made.
2			microsoft	game	team			halo 2 ready for blastoff while the rest of the puget sound area relished a gorgeous summer, microsoft 's bungie studios team spent nearly every waking hour putting the finishing touches on the video game halo 2.
2			fan	football	club			five year ban for blackburn fan one of the two blackburn rovers football club fans charged with public disorder for racially abusing dwight yorke has been handed a five year ban.
3			finance			judge ready to start parmalat hearings ten months after the parmalat scandal rocked the global finance industry, a judge next week begins deciding whether to put on trial executives, bankers and auditors of the dairy group plus three financial institutions.
4			design	feature			new palm handheld features more memory, no wi fi the t5 is a slim and shiny business device that looks like a stretched out t3 3.1 x 4.8 x 0.6 hwd, 5.1 oz , minus the slider design.
3			stock			coventry health to buy first health coventry health care inc. on thursday agreed to buy rival health plan first health group corp. for $ 1.8 billion in stock and cash as it looks to expand its geographic reach and keep pace with rivals.
2			league	park	team	football			american football: candlestick park renamed monster park candlestick park, home of the san francisco 49ers national football league team, was renamed monster park today in a us $ 6 million $ 9.
4			desktop	software			google's desktop search is valuable, yet creepy google's new desktop search software is a muscle car among search engines, racing through personal data stored inside your computer to instantly find things you can't easily locate.
2			player	game	preseason			rosen 's take on mcgrady yao debut since rotations are usually shorter during preseason games, players have to get accustomed to extended daylight. this puts a burden on their physical condition as well as their ability to maintain concentration.
4			united	technology	opposition			us frowns on reported european nuclear offer to iran the united states said it would be concerned by iran's acquisition of any new nuclear technology, signaling opposition to a reported european offer to give tehran a light water reactor it proves it is not secretly developing atomic weapons.
2			champion	wizard			iceland offers visa to chess wizard bobby fischer iceland has offered a residency visa to bobby fischer, but the former us chess champion faces obstacles to get there because he remains in jail in japan under an american deportation order.
4			space	talk	license	technology			branson announces he 's taking virgin craft to outer space virgin has been in talks with paul allen and burt rutan throughout this year and in the early hours of saturday signed a historical deal to license spaceshipone 's technology to build the world 's
2			game	side			inside lines: athens brings out the games feminine side have you noticed how women are beginning to dominate these olympics? a week ago it was gianna angelopoulos daskalaki who was a star of the show at the opening ceremony.
1			democrat	president	election			clinton to democrats: discuss convictions former president clinton, noting an astonishing turnout among evangelical christians in this year's election, warned tuesday that democrats cannot be nationally competitive when we don't feel comfortable talking about our convictions.
4			ram	top	president	technology	application			peoplesoft sees the departure of another exec within two weeks of the firing of chief executive officer craig conway, business applications supplier peoplesoft has seen the departure of another top executive, ram gupta, senior vice president of products and technology.
3			affair	shareholder			it's a family affair murdoch is battling malone to keep a tight grip on news corp. and benefit heirs, if not shareholders
1			party			customers anxious at peoplesoft gathering peoplesoft inc. is trying to create a party like atmosphere at its annual customer conference, but this week's gathering may feel more like a wake with rival oracle corp.'s 7.7 billion takeover bid looming larger than ever.
2			player			exclusive boxer quotes: what they re saying in nyc lots of buzz in the air with so many of boxing 's major players on the scene. here 's what we re hearing: kali meehan: when i say the name rock rahman to people, they look at me, oh, rock 's tough.
2			medal	sport	dna			hammer thrower asked to return gold medal, submit dna sample hungarian sports authorities urged hammer thrower adrian annus on friday to give back his olympic medal after he was stripped of the gold for refusing to take a follow up drug test.
4			user	seattle	technology			two adware firms battling in court as millions of computer users try to deal with the scourge of adware and other nefarious online marketing programs, two purveyors of the technology are battling in a seattle court.
2			team	coach	football			pires summoned to france meeting the france football federation fff has asked robert pires to explain comments he made about new national team coach raymond domenech.
2			cricket	win	second	stadium	match	sport			australia set india 229 to win second test: sports india, cricket: chennai, oct 17 : damien martyn cracked his eighth test century on the fourth day of the second test at ma chidambaram stadium here sunday to help australia set india a target of 229 to win the match.
4			technology			sourcelabs gets venture funding there is clearly a lot of pent up momentum, says sourcelabs cornelius willis. companies want to get off of proprietary technology, but have been hesitant because of the lack of support.
4			patent	infringement	technology			p to p partner charges riaa with patent infringement the litigious recording industry association of america riaa is involved in another legal dispute with a p to p peer to peer technology maker, but this time, the riaa is on defense.
4			siemens	software			brief: siemens warns of ear damage from loud mobile tune dusseldorf, germany siemens ag warned yesterday of a software defect in a range of mobile phones that could cause hearing damage.
4			system	microsoft			microsoft releases windows xp tablet pc edition 2005 microsoft corp. has announced the windows xp tablet pc edition 2005 operating system, the successor to windows xp tablet pc edition introduced in november 2002.
3			profit	sale			briefly: maxtor loses its cfo again roundup plus: profits, revenue climb at rambus...apple itunes sales quicken...nortel pushes back flextronics deal.
4			military	shot	technology			e voters warned over technology security experts have rushed to warn the voting authorities in missouri that a plan to allow the military stationed overseas to vote is shot full of holes.
4			tool	firewall	system			google sees benefits in corporate blogging google, which implemented an internal web log system behind its firewall about 18 months ago, has seen tremendous benefits from it and may in the future consider providing tools and expertise for this purpose to interested clients, a google executive said.
3			jean	profit			usa: levi strauss posts $ 46.6m q3 profit on lower costs jeans maker levi strauss co on tuesday said lower costs helped it to a third quarter profit of $ 46.6 million. the san francisco based company said this compares to a net loss of $ 4.
4			software	microsoft			airbus questions eu's decision on microsoft european aircraft manufacturer airbus sas has taken issue with part of the european union's e.u.'s antitrust decision against microsoft corp. and has filed a petition with the court handling the software maker's appeal.
4			infrastructure	enterprise	general	database	upgrade	software	developer	language	standard	access	source			in brief: sleepycat releases berkeley db xml 2.0 sleepycat software this week announced the general availability of berkeley db xml 2.0, a major upgrade to its open source database for telecommunication infrastructure and enterprise data centers. this release adds support for xquery 1.0, an emerging standard for xml data access, as well as improvements in performance and usability. other enhancements include support for xpath 2.0, which allows the selection of a portion of an xml document, and support for the php api, which enables developers using the php scripting languages to work with xml documents.
4			symantec	software	application	enterprise			symantec to acquire stake stake focuses on digital security consulting services and products to assess and manage risks in enterprise environments. the company 's smartrisk services cover software applications, critical
3			share			norway and us share nobel prize finn kydland and edward prescott have won the nobel prize for economics for their work in showing how business cycles affect international trade.
1			leader	election			world leaders anxiously await u.s. election world leaders are anxiously awaiting the u.s. presidential election but major shifts in american foreign policy are unlikely whatever the outcome and there will be no change in the world order.
3			user	profit			virgin mobile adds more customers virgin mobile added 647,000 new users in the last half year with turnover up by 18, the firm says, but profits fell due to rising costs.
4			fighting	technology			barrett still has some fight in him orlando, fla. intel 's chief executive craig barrett may be set to retire soon, but he 's going out fighting. speaking to more than 6,500 technology executives at an industry conference sponsored by market
4			tool			google search becomes personal google has released a tool that lets people search documents, e mails or spreadsheets stored on a pc.
4			enterprise	software	version			traction bolsters enterprise weblogs traction software this week rolled out traction teampage and communicator 3.5, an updated version of the company's enterprise weblog software.
4			cell			cell phones in flight considered the federal communications commission is considering loosening a ban on using cell phones in airplanes.
1			party			key west, suddenly shy, puts pasties on its party long considered beyond the reach of mainland mores, the florida city is trying to limit blatant displays of sexual behavior.
2			specie	baseball			europe's eel population collapsing when a poacher with a baseball bat mugged willem dekker for his baby eels, it was further confirmation for the dutch biologist that the species is in trouble.
2			conflict	game			viacom panel to look at video game arena given that its chairman owns a large stake of a video game company, media giant viacom inc. has appointed a three person committee to evaluate dealings in the video game arena and protect against potential conflicts of interest.
1			planet	politician			climate change already affecting global environment, reports say global warming has had little noticeable impact in washington, dc. politicians in the us capital have been reluctant to set limits on the carbon dioxide pollution that is expected to warm the planet
3			sale	profit	retailer	fall			abercrombie fitch posts fall in profit youth oriented retailer abercrombie fitch co. on tuesday posted an unexpected fall in quarterly profit as it struggles to boost sales, and said it remained cautious for the rest of the year.
3			retailer			free net phone upstart sues vonage, fry's net phone service and retailer push misleading products on consumers, sipphone charges.
4			broke	ocean	nasa	speed	technology			nasa test flight nears 7,000 mph, breaks record an unmanned experimental jet broke a world record for speed on tuesday, cruising over the pacific ocean at just under 7,000 miles per hour in a nasa test of cutting edge scramjet engine technology.
1			politics			in net politics, it's god vs dog votes, bits bytes meetup founder puts pugs against repubs
3			buying	fund	shareholder	holding			ontario fund buying alliance laundry for $ 450 mln alliance laundry holdings, a commercial laundry equipment manufacturer, said its controlling shareholder bain capital agreed to sell the company to teachers private capital for about $ 450 million.
2			user	game			hi honey, i m virtually home alone australian mobile telephone users may be able to buy and woo virtual dates this year after the release of a virtual girlfriend game for 3g mobile telephones.
3			management	airway			us air to cut some management jobs bankrupt us airways group. inc. said on monday it would eliminate hundreds of management and nonunion jobs and impose wage and other cuts to save more than $ 45 million annually as it tries to overhaul its business and survive.
2			game	preseason			abdur rahim makes best of situation no, his position in the starting lineup isn 't solidified after one preseason game, and there 's a big question mark surrounding his future.
2			specie	worry	team	sport			angst over anglers in a study published friday, a team of marine biologists finds that sport fishing accounts for nearly one fourth of the total catch for the commercially valuable species the federal government most worries about conserving.
4			software	technology			frances st to develop digital tv software in china french technology group stmicroelectronics st had signed an agreement to create a joint venture in china to develop software for digital tv, the company announced tuesday.
3			growth	export			weak exports, consumption take toll on south korea's economy south korea's economy achieved lower than expected growth in the three months to september as domestic demand failed to pick up the slack from weakening exports.
2			season	team	race	prix			villeneuve to drive renault till end of year london: canadian jacques villeneuve will race the last three grands prix of the season for renault, the formula one team said yesterday.
4			system	application			treo 650 voice dialing by voicesignal palmone is now offering a voice dialing application for the treo 650, based on voicesignal 's voice recognition system. the application, which requires approximately
4			leader	technology	president	reader	development			ask a premier 100 it leader: dan agronow dan agronow, vice president of technology at the weather channel interactive inc., answers readers' questions about new job opportunities and skills development.
4			system	networking			cisco buys p cube for $ 200m. international internet networking giant cisco systems, inc. agreed monday to acquire herzliya based p cube, inc. for approximately $ 200 million in cash and options.
2			game			greek duo face criminal charges greek sprint stars kostas kenteris and katerina thanou are charged for skipping drug test prior to the athens games. they are also charged for faking a motorcycle accident, china radio international reported friday.
2			game	technology	sport			world 's first virtual girlfriend to launch in november you know how it is guys. work, mates, sports, work, sleep there just isn 't enough time to meet members of the opposite sex. now technology has come to the rescue with the launch of the world 's first virtual girlfriend game.
4			system	ibm	version			websphere gets makeover from ibm ibm 's new websphere release, version 6, automatically troubleshoots systems and identifies network glitches that could lead to power outages.
2			team	top	point	football			usc retains top spot in ap football poll a week after losing some support as the no. 1 team, southern california got it right back. top ranked usc received 52 first place votes, four more than last week, and 1,610 points in the associated press top 25 on sunday. in the previous poll, southern cal lost three first place votes.
3			investment	fund	management			boutique mutual fund settles timing case for $ 30 million albany, ny rs investment management agreed to pay 30 m million dollars to settle allegations it allowed excessive market timing in its mutual funds.
3			management			daimlerchrysler appoints board member to head china operations stuttgart, germany ap daimlerchrysler ag has named management board member ruediger grube to lead the german u.s automaker's china operations, reflecting the increasing importance of the chinese market, the company said.
2			championship	winter	football	stadium	game			zurich says no to 2014 winter olympics it follows the announcement last week that zurich would not be able to host any of the 2008 european football championship games, owing to a legal wrangle over plans for a new stadium.
4			system	game			nintendo set to launch new game system a nintendo co. employee demonstrates a nintendo ds, the latest in its line of wallet sized game systems, nov. 4, 2004, at their shipping center in north bend, wash.
4			processor	desktop	amd	management	technology			amd improves opteron 's power computers built with advanced micro devices opteron processor soon will be able to take advantage of the same power management technology the company has already built into its laptop and desktop microchips.
4			cell	standard	technology			cell phone tv is coming europeans are a step closer to having television on their mobile phones: two groups of companies said they would push forward with consumer trials and establish a standard for the technology.
2			good	game	team			video games 'good for children' computer games can promote problem solving and team building in children, say games industry experts.
3			enterprise	management	application	frequency			sprint targets businesses with wireless management services sprint is launching a set of services designed to help businesses get a better grip on the array of wireless devices and applications that enterprises are rolling out with increased frequency.
1			parliament			russian government approves kyoto, sends to parliament russia's government approved the kyoto protocol on thursday and sent the climate change pact to the state duma, the lower house of parliament, for ratification.
1			president			metal gear solid 4 confirmed konami revealed that plans for metal gear solid 4 are already on the way. konami computer entertainment japan 's president, motoyuki yoshioka, said: we already have ideas in our mind on what the fourth release
2			season			phoenix exercises option on amare stoudemire amare stoudemire, who will make 2.32 million dollars this season, had his fourth year option picked up on his contract, the phoenix suns announced.
2			coach	park			playing it smart at madison park, coach dennis wilson's mp pride chant isn't the only phrase that's sticking like peanut butter. there's a new slogan that's catching on at the school.
4			platform	value			celeron 335d, the disguised willamette celerons form the basis of intel 's entry level platform which includes integrated value motherboards as well. the celeron 335d is the fastest until the celeron 340d 2.93ghz becomes mainstream of the
4			microsoft	system	talk	software	patch			microsoft talks security, seriously products announced this week to streamline software patch delivery are just part of microsoft 's overall efforts to tighten system security, scott charney told attendees of the it forum in copenhagen this week.
4			software	card	technology			jackbe's technology cuts to the quick several years ago, two mexican brothers took out credit card loans to start jackbe corp., providing software that helps companies perform business over the web more efficiently and securely.
4			design	shot	feature			sony unveils cyber shot m1 camera with hot button for video sony this week unveiled its new cyber shot dsc m1 digital camera that features a swivel screen design that can automatically record video while snapping pictures.
1			election	race	win			election overseers want big win administrators are hoping that the victor in this year's presidential election will win by a wide margin. a close race, they fear, will result in more charges of voter fraud and demands for recounts. kim zetter reports from washington.
4			patent	microsoft	software			uspto trims fat from microsoft patents plans by microsoft corp to charge royalties on a library of patents are looking uncertain after the us patent and trademark office rejected a key software patent claimed by the company.
4			desktop	tool	file	application			screenshot 1 of 4: google desktop search tool google unveils its first desktop application for searching through personal files on the pc and through a person's web history.
2			antonio	point	sport			parker receives multi year contract extension from spurs san antonio, tx sports network the san antonio spurs tuesday signed point guard tony parker to a multi year contract extension.
4			platform	share	microsoft	system	linux	source			more encroachment on microsoft already facing a threat to its windows operating system dominance from the open source linux platform, microsoft can 't be too thrilled to find out this week that its internet explorer browser is losing market share to the open source mozilla offering.
1			leader	party			now or never for n.irish deal, says paisley northern irish protestant leader ian paisley challenged his ira foes tuesday to give up their weapons, saying it was now or never for catholic republicans to agree a lasting political settlement with his party.
2			country	party	race	sport			famous faces add luster to house races clooney, paterno, bird, sheen: the guest list at a party for hollywood a listers and sports legends? no, just some of famous names running for house seats or helping house candidates around the country.
3			growth	profit	share	price			netflix seeks growth, not profit, shares plunge online dvd rental company netflix inc. on thursday cut its subscription price and said it was changing its strategy to sacrifice profits for growth in the face of growing competition, sending its shares plunging to their lowest level in almost a year and a half.
4			space	growth	microsoft	technology			microsoft rolls out blogging service microsoft 's entry into the blogging realm with msn spaces will cause an exponential growth in popularity for the web based communications technology.
4			united	technology	outlook			wall st. expected to open slightly lower wall street was expected to open slightly lower on friday but united technologies corp. may climb after its chief executive gave an upbeat outlook.
4			system	voip	networking			linksys inks verizon voip deal, intros products cisco systems inc 's linksys home networking division yesterday said it has made a deal with verizon communications to have linksys kit used in verizon 's voicewing voice over ip service.
1			reform	minister			liberals retable pot bill adding a dash of cash to sweeten the pot, the liberal government has retabled its much maligned marijuana bill. justice minister irwin cotler reintroduced the cannabis reform package
3			chain			hyatt books amerisuites acquisition hyatt corp. said thursday it will purchase the 143 unit amerisuites hotel chain from affiliates of the blackstone group.
4			core			intel looks to get back on track after its recent delays and missteps, chip maker sets its sights on a dual core future.
2			champion			klitschkos to go it alone wbc champion vitali klitschko and his younger brother wladimir have announced plans to promote their own fights. the ukrainian heavyweights are in a court battle to end their contract with german promoter klaus peter kohl.
1			debate	war	project			r.e. lapp, 87, physicist in cold war debate on civil defense, dies ralph e. lapp was involved in atomic weapons from the earliest days of the manhattan project, and spoke out about the health effects of radiation into the 1990's.
3			management			remorse stricken norwegian pays hotel bill 24 years late a remorse stricken norwegian has finally settled a hotel bill 24 years after he decamped without paying, the management of the hotel clarion in the city of kristiansand said.
3			shareholder			cox hires advisers on parent bid news research board formed a special panel to consider a take private bid from the company 's controlling shareholder.
2			franchise			more fiftysomethings turn to franchises crofton rhodes gets called a ''geek a dozen times a day, but he doesn't mind.
4			player	feature			beware that winamp skin the popular skinning feature in nullsoft 's winamp media player has left the door wide open for malicious attackers to hijack pcs.
2			general	sport			gm pulls 'jack flash' corvette ad protests from seven safety groups prompted general motors corp. to pull a television ad that shows a young boy driving a corvette sports car so recklessly that it goes airborne, officials of the automaker said on wednesday.
2			nba	involvement	player	fan	sport			nba smackdown the nba suspended four players indefinitely yesterday for their involvement in one of the worst fights in professional sports history friday, in which players stormed into the stands and exchanged blows with fans.
3			investor			investor doesn 't see browser in google 's future san francisco google board member and investor john doerr said tuesday that despite speculation, the search giant would not enter in the web browser market, but he predicted others would.
2			player	team			reds won 't bring back larkin the team has informed the 40 year old shortstop it will not offer him another contract, effectively ending a 19 year relationship with the player.
4			user	tool	management	content			macromedia bids for more ebay users ebay sellers have a new content management tool to help them post storefronts faster, thanks to a newly customized macromedia toolset.
4			team	system	software	feature	reader	adobe			yahoo, adobe team up on new web services yahoo inc. and adobe systems inc. have joined forces to tap each others customers and put web search features into adobe 's popular acrobat reader software.
4			crm	technology			netsuite 's new offering joins up the dots analysis over the past few years, crm implementations have come in for much criticism, especially in the elusive area of roi. this has caused many companies to re evaluate their technology implementations
3			profit	earnings	outlook			accenture profit up, outlook below street accenture ltd. , a leading global consulting firm, on wednesday posted higher than expected quarterly earnings on a rebound in consulting business, but projected profit for the current quarter to miss wall street forecasts.
3			enterprise	content	licensing			marvel ous deal for mforma: mu earlier today, mforma and marvel enterprises announced the mobile entertainment industry 's largest content licensing deal to date.
1			party	cabinet			cheers as mugabe slaps down moyo he has lost his position on the key body of the ruling party zanu pf but retains his seat in cabinet. mr moyo is the architect of tough media laws which have seen the banning of foreign correspondents and the closure of the only private daily paper.
2			pass	coach	career	football			hawaii's chang eyes career passing mark hawaii football coach june jones knew something special was in store four years ago when a lanky, baby faced teenager stepped onto the practice field and completed eight straight passes.
2			hockey	winner	game	league			no winners in blame game the national hockey league stumbles into a new era tonight when the clock strikes 12. away go the sticks and pucks, and out come the sticks and stones.
4			user			skulls mobile trojan learns bluetooth the skulls trojan horse we warned you about last month didnt do much since users had to install it themselves thats why its called a trojan .
2			play			outrun 2 stays in neutral outrun 2 looks great, plays great but ultimately offers too short a challenge.
1			party			kathmandu blockade by maoists, we have reasons to be worried the once quiet himalayan hindu kingdom nepal has turned unsettled since 1996 when members of the communist party of nepal maoist went violent on some of their demands.
2			championship	arizona	tiger	night	victory	classic	beat	coach	career	sport			third ranked lady tigers will face arizona state no. 3 lsu will take on arizona state in the championship of the women 's sports foundation classic friday after the lady tigers beat maine 81 50 on thursday night to give lsu head coach pokey chapman her first career victory.
4			system			vodafone tests chinese mobile phone equipment vodafone group, europe's largest mobile phone operator, is testing several network systems from chinese manufacturers with the intention of purchasing equipment within the next few years.
3			investment			hitachi, matsushita, toshiba to jointly make large lcd panels japanese hi tech giants hitachi, matsushita and toshiba said they have agreed to jointly produce large liquid crystal display lcd panels for flat screen televisions with one billion dollars in fresh investment.
2			player	series			axim x30 getting windows media player update dell announced today that it 's latest models, the axim x50 series, comes with the just released windows media player 10 for mobile.
4			creator	networking			ethernet creator evangelizes on new networking revolution bob metcalfe inventor, entrepreneur, pundit, and venture capitalist is just back from europe and jet lagged.
2			title			hopkins carries pal 's faith into ring with oscar the man who introduced bernard hopkins to boxing and started him on the path to greatness won 't be ringside at the mgm grand tonight when hopkins defends the undisputed middleweight title against oscar de la hoya.
1			opposition			basescu leads romania presidential runoff reformist opposition candidate traian basescu was winning romania's presidential runoff in a tight contest, according to partial official results released monday.
3			profit			dollar ends lower, focus turns to ism the dollar finished lower versus major currencies on tuesday after weaker than expected u.s. consumer confidence and regional manufacturing reports opened the door to some profit taking.
1			leader	minister			southeast asians finish china trade pact but avoid touchy issues southeast asian ministers on saturday completed a free trade pact with china and other accords to be adopted at a meeting of their leaders, but touchy
3			exchange	sale	stock			paris plans partial sale of areva in early 2005 paris the french government forged ahead on wednesday with a plan to sell a one third stake in the nuclear power group areva on the paris stock exchange early next year, a transaction that could raise more than 3.
4			technology	price			infineon execs plead to price fixing four executives of german memory chip maker infineon technologies ag have agreed to plead guilty to participating in a conspiracy to fix computer memory chip prices, the department of justice said thursday.
1			election			oracle to nominate four candidates for peoplesoft board redwood shores, calif. oracle has announced plans to nominate four candidates for election to rival peoplesoft 's board of directors.
2			beat	game			halo 2: the surprising anticlimax unlike the original game, halo 2 doesn 't end with a bang so much as a whimper. when you get to the end of the game, as i did tonight congrats if you beat me, but i have a life, sort of , you discover that
2			tournament	shot	final	classic	win	ryan	sport			sports: funk wins sfc classic madison, miss. fred funk birdied the final hole to win the southern farm bureau classic by one shot over ryan palmer. funk shot a 6 under par 66 today to wind up 22 under for the tournament.
4			system	investment	networking	development			cisco to invest more heavily in asia networking giant cisco systems this week announced plans for increased investment in asia, including a new research and development facility in china and a venture investment program in india.
2			soccer	team	club			chivas usa soccer club takes nontraditional direction in naming ... this is a team that 's not going to stray far from its roots. hopefully, we would all be bilingual, but practices would be conducted in spanish.
1			parliament			china legalizes electronic signatures china's parliament has legalized electronic signatures in an effort to boost its small but growing online commerce industry.
4			ibm	software			ibm cranks up client software push big blue fills out its workplace initiative with bundles tailored for medium size businesses and for specific industries.
4			system	linux			sco web site hack mocks company 's legal claims malicious hackers have compromised the sco group inc. 's web page twice in as many days, posting messages that appear to mock the company 's claims to own parts of the linux operating system.
4			bea	system	development	application	source			bea releases enhanced beehive open source framework las vegasbea systems inc. has made significant progress in the development of the apache beehive component model, which is designed to help accelerate the development of web services and soa service oriented architecture applications.
4			microsoft	tool	software	patch	use	graphic	application	flaw			major graphics flaw threatens windows pcs microsoft published on tuesday a patch for a major security flaw in its software 's handling of the jpeg graphics format and urged customers to use a new tool to locate the many applications that are vulnerable.
4			software	cell			hold the phone: hackers starting to infect our cells several web sites this month began offering software promising ring tones and screen savers for certain cellphones. but those who downloaded the software found that it turned
4			project			iran's bushehr atomic power plant faces more delays iran on sunday announced a further substantial delay in the long overdue project to complete its first nuclear power plant, part of a program which washington says could be used to make atomic arms.
3			investor			krispy kreme is getting harder to stomach if investors thought things could only get better for krispy kreme doughnuts kkd:nyse news research after its disastrous summer, monday 's third quarter debacle proved them wrong.
3			shareholder			murdoch gets emotional as he moves out rupert murdoch is normally courteous to his shareholders, but they were reminded of their irrelevance at yesterday 's news corp annual meeting: proxy votes had ensured 92 support for the move to the us state of delaware.
2			country	moon	sport			baton passed to beijing as curtain comes down on athens the curtains came down on the athens olympics under a full moon sunday after the sports extravaganza returned to the country of its birth and revival as the biggest in history.
4			design			multicore designs might force intel off its bus as intel moves in step with the rest of the chip industry toward the multicore design era, it is preparing to overhaul the memory bus architecture that has served it well for so many years, according to company executives and analysts.
4			microsoft	enterprise	software	technology	server			technology ; four charged in microsoft thefts the software the four are accused of stealing included the sql server 2000, which normally sells for $ 15,000, and the sql enterprise server 7.0, which sells for $ 29,000.
1			politics	minister	prime	blair	britain			heartbeat away from third term tony blair yesterday entered hospital for heart surgery, rounding off one of his most dramatic and stressful weeks in politics. making a sudden and unexpected appearance on national tv, britain 's prime minister
4			user			news: trojan infects pcs to generate sms spam a trojan which uses infected pcs to send spam messages to mobile phone users has been discovered.
1			relation			malaysia, singapore jumpstart stalled relations malaysia and singapore agreed monday to work on resolving long standing disputes in what could be a milestone in relations between the two quarrelsome southeast asian neighbors.
2			play			clear channel plays rough in motorcycling battle supercross is shaping up to be the latest battleground in the fight over media consolidation.
4			system			test of missile defense system delayed again the pentagon's last hope of flight testing critical new elements of an antimissile system, before activating the system this autumn, appeared to vanish with the disclosure that the next flight test has been postponed.
3			good			rss edges into the bureaucracy really simple syndication is worming its way into the heart of the u.s. government, as agencies discover it's a good way to distribute information. by daniel terdiman.
4			enterprise	alternative	software	source			sdforum: open source becoming first option enterprises that in the past may have been leery of open source alternatives to commercial software have opened up to the concept, panelists said on tuesday at an sdforum conference entitled open source entering the mainstream.
4			system	fund			calpers chief tries for new seat on pension board bee staff writer. sean harrigan, ousted from the board of the california public employees retirement system, is lobbying for a return to the powerful pension fund, but his campaign does
4			software	feature			mcafee beefs up virusscan security updated antivirus software for businesses adds intrusion prevention features.
2			game			nintendo ds to go wireless nintendo will defend its dominance of the portable games market with the launch of the wireless nintendo ds, a handheld double screen console, the video game maker says.
4			cell	software	java	application			nokia debuts preminet service in an effort to make it easier to sell, distribute and buy cell phone applications, nokia quote, chart has announced the launch of preminet, a service to distribute certified java and symbian based mobile software.
3			user	good			google sms is good for the company and the users i have tested google search on wap and it works fine. but considering google has around 4.2 billion pages as per their homepage , finding information on a mobile phone is not fun.
3			investor	talk	shareholder			pru investors seek to vent frustration disgruntled shareholders of prudential will this week demand urgent talks with rob rowley, the companys senior independent director, to express their frustration at the insurers decision to raise 1 billion in a rights issue.
4			download	license	technology	share			french court rules apple need not share fairplay technology the court said apple 's refusal to license fairplay was not anti competitive. it also pointed out the availability of other devices that are compatible with virgin 's download site.
3			ipo	software	sale	vendor			lindows postpones ipo its legal battles over, the software vendor will focus on sales until the market ripens.
3			ipo	profit	share			google and founders will profit from ipo despite controversies as reports , the largest web search engine google inc. is going to reach $ 1.67 billion in its initial public offering on thursday selling 19.6 million shares at $ 85 each. still, analysts consider shares to be overpriced.
3			good			nortel turns a tiny corner the canadian telecom equipment maker has issued its first post accounting scandal financial update. so far, so good ...
2			league	hockey	season	nhl	cup	sport			sport's future in world of trouble there is no mystique to it anymore, because after all, the russians have become commoners in today's national hockey league, and finns, czechs, slovaks, and swedes also have been entrenched in the original 30 long enough to turn the ongoing world cup of hockey into a protracted trailer for the nhl season.
2			game	golf	sport			five sports on shortlist for possible olympic games inclusion golf, rugby and squash are on a shortlist of five sports to be assessed for possible inclusion in the 2012 olympics.
3			shareholder			bruandwo to allow shareholders to withdraw acceptance the takeovers panel said today that brundwo pty limited has offered two undertakings relating to its proposed a $ 1.2 billion bid for australian leisure hospitality group limited alh .
4			system	networking			cisco to spend 200 million dollars for internet phone firm internet networking giant cisco systems agreed to acquire closely held internet protocol service provider p cube for 200 million dollars in cash and options.
4			system	computing			hp rejiggers utility computing line hewlett packard next year will take a fresh approach to its utility computing initiative with a product designed to reduce the cost of running corporate computing systems.
3			chain			scots count cost of plastic bags scots diy enthusiasts will now pay for plastic bags as a big chain tries to cut pollution.
4			bell	high	speed	technology			phone line alchemy: copper into fiber verizon and the other bell companies are offering a service to replace copper wire technology with high speed fiber optic lines in an effort to hold on to customers.
4			use	software	cell	infrastructure			hp partners with 3g gear maker major cell phone infrastructure provider plans to use hp's telecom software in 3g mobile network gear.
3			management	earnings			hp replaces three senior executives company follows up on promise of immediate management changes after disappointing earnings report, cnet has learned.
4			project			north korea's claim about mysterious blast might be true: seoul communist north korea's claim that a huge and mysterious explosion was caused by a civil engineering project might be true, according to south korea's intelligence agency.
4			cell			fellowship of the ring: customized cell tones whenever his cell phone rings, which is a lot, delvon murray, 18, hears my boo, the alicia keys usher duet. whenever his girlfriend's cell phone rings, she hears in love wit chu from hip hop artist da brat.
4			patent	linux	software	developer	source			torvalds, open source pioneers take on eu patent issue a group of open source software pioneers, led by linux developer linus torvalds, has issued an appeal to the eu council to block the legalization of software patents.
2			league	brave	title	top	atlanta	sport			cox, showalter honored as top managers new york, ny sports network bobby cox, who has guided the atlanta braves to a record 13 straight division titles, has been named the 2004 national league manager of the year.
4			user	system	patch	technology	institute	access			kerberos critical hole allows system access the massachusetts institute of technology mit has warned of security vulnerabilities in its implementation of kerberos that could allow attackers free access to protected systems. users of mit kerberos 5 are urged to apply patches immediately.
4			user	software	microsoft	system			microsoft delays security update for windows xp professional microsoft has delayed distribution of a security update for users of its windows xp professional operating system to give some companies more time to test it, the software company said tuesday.
4			developer			perrigo to buy agis, a maker of generic prescription drugs the perrigo company, the world 's largest maker of store branded over the counter drugs, plans to announce today that it has reached an agreement to buy agis industries, a developer and
2			baseball	card	sport			californian charged with ebay sports card scam a man who purported to offer rare sports cards including that of baseball legend mickey mantle has been charged with defrauding ebay ebay.
2			championship			britain's rusedski ousts malisse at atp event britain's greg rusedski eliminated belgium's fourth seeded xavier malisse 7 5, 4 6, 6 1 here on the opening day of the 380,000 dollar atp international championships.
1			leadership	party	parliament			china party chief rules out full democracy chinese communist party chief hu jintao called for parliament to take a stronger watchdog role on the eve of a key leadership meeting but ruled out western style democracy
1			country	election	minister	victory	opposition			karzai rival refuses to concede election hamid karzai's closest rival in afghanistan's landmark election insisted sunday he has a chance for victory, saying karzai's commanding lead was based on early results and the election could turn on an investigation of fraud allegations. former education minister yunus qanooni told the associated press that he was preparing to be in the political opposition as the country moves toward western style democracy though he added that whether he recognizes the results depends on the honesty of the probe into fraud complaints...
4			system	broadband	technology			new numbering system planned for internet calls cheap telephone calls made using broadband internet connections came a step closer yesterday when ofcom, the industry regulator, laid out its plans to help the take up of the new technology.
4			software	microsoft	technology			microsoft to launch new search engine software giant microsoft is hoping to repel a challenge from internet rivals google and yahoo by launching its own search engine on thursday, according to reports on wednesday in the american technology press.
4			processor			freescale to launch smaller, faster g4 processor tony smith of the register uk has published a look at freescale 's upcoming smaller, faster g4 processor. freescale is the name of motorola 's spun off
2			fan	cell	sport	score			espn dials a cell deal listen up sports fans, espn 's about to bring its news, stats, scores, and video to cell phones. the disney owned cable tv powerhouse has inked a deal with sprint to launch the first espn branded cell phone.
4			williams	technology			caterpillar to buy williams technologies construction equipment manufacturer caterpillar inc. said wednesday that its caterpillar remanufacturing services unit will acquire williams technologies inc., a remanufacturer of transmissions and engines, from remy international inc. for an undisclosed ...
4			united	technology			utc makes new offer for kidde as deadline looms united technologies utc , which has just seven days left to launch a formal bid for kidde, is likely to ask the takeover panel for a deadline extension, after raising its offer by 42 million to 1.39 billion yesterday.
4			science	researcher	project	switch			synchrotron to shed lot of light the switch was officially flipped on one of the largest science projects in canadian history yesterday, igniting the passions of researchers who aim to do everything from creating smaller radios to curing the common cold.
4			content	management	software	flaw			serious flaws in windows xp sp2 a leading provider of secure content management solutions, finjan software, has reported 10 serious security vulnerabilities in windows xp service pace 2. according to the company, the attacker can remotely take control over a machine running windows xp
3			percent	profit	chain	sale			pacific sunwear 3q profit up 30 percent pacific sunwear of california inc. on monday reported third quarter profit rose 30 percent as sales increased at its pacsun and demo apparel chains.
4			system			lufthansa cancels flights after computer failure lufthansa had to cancel about 60 european flights, and its services around the world were delayed following a computer fault in its check in system on thursday, the german airline said.
3			profit	sale	holding			kmart posts profit; cash pile grows kmart holding corp. kmrt.o on monday reported its third consecutive quarterly profit despite slumping sales as it cut jobs and reduced advertising and discounts, boosting its cash pile to 2.6 billion.
3			retailer			carphone enjoys buoyant market demand for mobile phones remains robust according to the latest update from retailer carphone warehouse. in the 13 weeks to 25 september, the firm saw connections grow by 25 on the same period a year ago to 1.55 million.
4			platform	content	collaboration	upgrade	management	software	server	application			plumtree upgrades portal package plumtree software further extended its portal based, web applications building and management platform monday, announcing upgrades to its content and collaboration servers, apis for search and collaboration, and support and services for j2ee and .net platforms.
2			season			show must go on without grossman in the early stages of the season rex grossman proved to be developing into a playmaker, but it also became his downfall.
4			patent	microsoft	software	technology	win			microsoft wins smart tags case a jury decides the office technology doesn't impose on another software maker's patent.
3			earnings			vodafone expects cost cuts, savings to boost earnings vodafone group plc, the world 's largest mobile phone operator, expects cost cuts and bulk order savings to boost earnings by more than a third before 2008, as the company reins in spending from germany to albania.
3			retailer			at to offer service at circuit city telecommunications giant at corp. said on wednesday that it will offer its callvantage internet based phone service at consumer electronics retailer circuit city stores inc.
4			linux	software	source	switch			paris city authority hedges bets on linux move the city of paris intends to reduce its dependence on software suppliers with de facto monopolies, but considers an immediate switch of its 17,000 desktops to open source software too costly, it said wednesday.
3			investor	earnings			no acclaim for accredo the specialty pharmacy company announced on monday that falling reimbursements will significantly weaken its 2005 earnings. the warning comes just weeks after investors learned that accredo could soon lose
1			celebration	debate			q a on the new check cashing law a federal law known as check 21 takes effect thursday, and whether that 's cause for celebration or commiseration is a matter of much debate.
4			system	technology			cendant orbitz link seen as online powerhouse the deal, if consummated, would give cendant the technology it needs to shed its dependence on an aging system and business model that it 's relied upon to distribute airfares and hotel reservations.
1			reform	minister			eu ponders sugar reforms eu agriculture ministers are to discuss urgent reforms to europe's heavily subsidised sugar industry.
3			profit	share			sony ericsson quarterly profit triples swedish japanese mobile phone maker sony ericsson more than tripled its third quarter pretax profits, gained market share on booming demand for its camera phones and
1			election			ohio provisional ballot ruling reversed a federal appeals court on saturday reversed a lower court's ruling that ohio voters could cast provisional ballots on election day anywhere in the county in which they are registered.
3			trading			battle of the apples takes long road the beatles, trading as apple corp, won 't let it be when it comes to apple computer 's forays into the music business. photo: getty images.
4			software	standard	source			ws reliability middleware released as open source three proponents of the ws reliability standard late last week released messaging software based on the specification as open source.
4			window	platform	software	developer	game			for an inventor, im opens a window to a world of games a california software developer turns instant message windows into a platform for video games.
4			software			eu to give oracle deal go ahead ft the european commission is set to give us software giant oracle the go ahead to take over arch rival peoplesoft in a $ 7.7 billion 4.
2			league	top	baseball	season	game			major league approves baseball channel for tv major league baseball has approved the creation of a national cable television channel devoted to america's favorite pastime, but regular season games may be confined to the dugouts for the network's first year, a top league official said on friday.
4			piracy	download	microsoft	software	technology	feature	access	copy			microsoft tests piracy check technology visitors with a pirated copy of windows may lose easy access to company 's download center. as part of its efforts to combat software piracy, microsoft is testing a new feature on its download center web site that can lock out pirated copies of windows.
2			league	champion	soccer	fan	game			european soccer to investigate racism european soccer authorities opened an investigation into racist abuse by spanish fans at this week's champions league game.
4			engineer	software	networking	developer	secret	source			genome model applied to software open source developers attempting to reverse engineer the mysteries of private networking software turn to genomics research. they're applying algorithms developed by biologists to decipher the secrets of closed networks. by danny o'brien.
1			minister			canada to woo asia beef markets, explain new rules canadian policymakers and industry begin a week long asian blitz on saturday to woo new buyers for its beef after mad cow disease crippled its domestic industry, agriculture minister andy mitchell said on friday.
1			president	election			workplace blues in election aftermath tech industry workers find that the election's outcome is affecting workplace morale, concentration. br photo: company president holds morale meeting
3			trader	sale			dollar weakens as market braces for new deficit figures the dollar softened as traders looked past better than expected us retail sales and focused on the likelihood that tuesday's trade figures will show a record deficit.
2			white	stadium	game			white pays for harsh words there are times when the game is truly worth the candle, when you are in the stadium and conscious of the privilege. it was like that at lansdowne road yesterday as ireland produced one of their great performances
2			franchise	baseball	team			new name will wait baseball commissioner bud selig said friday he would prefer for the new owners of washington's baseball franchise to select the team's name.
3			chain			woman claims costco discriminates against female managers san francisco an assistant store manager at costco filed a federal civil rights suit today in san francisco. shirley rae ellis alleges she was passed over for a promotion because the retail chain 's policies discriminate against women.
2			title	championship	ncaa	football	team	victory	game			different routes, same result as teams gird for title game it no longer matters that montana 's drive to the ncaa division i aa football championship game has featured six straight homefield victories all
4			player	ipod	technology			creative out to cut ipod lead computer audio equipment maker creative technology will be doubling its mp3 player product lines from its current eight by year end, stepping up competition for rivals such as apple computer.
1			parliament	president			thousands congratulate lahoud beirut: tens of thousands of people flocked to baabda presidential palace sunday, in a huge and popular show of support for president emile lahoud over his three year mandate extension that was decided by parliament on friday.
4			ibm	scientist	computing			bob evans, ibm scientist who helped popularize computers, dies san francisco computer scientist bob evans, who helped popularize personal computing, has died. he was 77. his son doug said evans died thursday of heart failure at his home in the san francisco of hillsborough.
2			index	single	volume	sport			nothing like tito at the garden the gestures are simple enough, but they speak volumes. a single fist, followed by an extended index finger to signify number one, and a smile that seems out of place in such a violent sport.
1			president			intel names new ceo intel corp. on thursday said president paul otellini would replace craig barrett as chief executive in a long planned move, becoming the company's first ceo with a marketing rather than an engineering background.
4			longhorn	microsoft	tool	software	developer	graphic	version			xamlon 's quest: bring devs to xaml a software tools maker is staking its future on helping developers prepare for streamlined coding for web services define as well as avalon, the graphics display component in the works for longhorn, microsoft 's next version of windows.
1			president	debate			vice presidential debate takes on new importance vice president dick cheney will square off with his democratic rival john edwards in a televised debate tuesday that suddenly takes on importance for the republicans after george w. bush's tepid showing last week.
2			play			air force clears athlete of cheating air force guard dan nwaelele will play saturday against no. 3 georgia tech after being cleared of allegations that he cheated academically.
4			system	software	management	development	application			apm gets smart with proactivenet's latest intelligent software is the holy grail of application development especially in the apm application performance management arena, where system administrators are perpetually on the lookout for more efficient ways to sift through mountains of metrics and alert data.
1			talk			vonage talks of 911 advancements vonage, an internet phone service provider, and emergency telecom specialist intrado say together they ve conducted successful trials of an advanced means of making emergency phone calls using the internet.
3			holding			black to quit hollinger inc 'within days' former press baron conrad black will quit as chairman and chief executive of his canadian holding company, hollinger inc. , to facilitate his offer to take the company private, his lawyer said on friday.
2			final	race	win	season			truex can relax, go all out in final busch race of season since he has nothing to lose, martin truex jr. says, he can go all out to win. truex, 24, will finish his first season of busch competition saturday at homestead in the final race of the year.
4			system			update 4 pacificare to buy american medical for $ 502 mln pacificare health systems inc. phs.n: quote, profile, research said on wednesday it agreed to buy american medical security group inc.
3			investment			column: m a rankings under scrutiny investment banks are in the midst of the annual fight for bragging rights as the biggest dealmakers of the year, but this time the rankings a key factor in winning new business are under intense scrutiny.
2			minister	sport	british	prix			f1 boss sues in slur row the formula one boss wants damages and an apology after sir jackie suggested on the bbc that he had broken promises made to sports minister richard caborn to save the british grand prix.
4			system			cisco turns 20 com december 10, 2004, 4:00 am pt. when cisco systems unveiled its latest and greatest network router in may, it trumpeted the event as a watershed.
4			technology			new company starts up a challenge to google google executives have long conceded that one of their great fears is to be overtaken by a more advanced internet search technology.
1			politics	game	election	master			'political machine' game brings politics to pc political couch potatoes who can't get enough of the impending presidential election will find endless fun with the political machine. this new pc game from ubisoft pits you as a string pulling presidential puppet master, aka the campaign manager.
3			export	earnings			coal deal fails to fill black hole driven by china 's insatiable demand for australian coal are expected to boost national export earnings by $ 12.5 billion this year.
1			party	opposition	attack			bangladeshi opposition calls for today strike bangladeshs main opposition party has called for a fourth strike day in a week today to protest against a deadly grenade attack.
4			exchange	content	hardware			hd dvd promotion group formed the hd dvd promotion group will facilitate exchanges of information among hardware companies, device manufacturers and content firms, and organize joint promotion of hd dvd to support early product launches and market expansion.
1			cabinet	prime	election	minister			portugal pm, cabinet submit resignations portugal's prime minister said on saturday he and his cabinet had submitted their resignations, a move that came a day after a snap election was called.
2			game	football			professor connects football and physics a physics professor at the university of nebraska lincoln has published a book that explains how the laws of nature interact with the game of football...
4			microsoft	technology	lawsuit			microsoft and sendo settle case a lawsuit in which mobile maker sendo accused microsoft of stealing its technology and customers is settled.
4			vendor	infrastructure	technology	management			actional, westbridge merge for web services web services management vendor actional and westbridge technology, which sold security infrastructure for web services, are merging to focus on what company officials call soa service oriented architecture enablement.
1			country	election			mozambique voters head for polls the people of mozambique, one of the world's poorest countries, are voting in presidential and parliamentary elections.
1			talk			orange launches talk now orange announced the commercial availability of talk now, europes first advanced push to talk service. over the last nine months, orange has engaged in customer trials across europe to develop and refine
4			patent	software			poland withdraws support for eu patent plan opponents of the proposal say poland's move delivers a serious blow to attempts to make software patentable in europe.
3			investment			business investment too narrow at the risk of repeating ourselves, it is worth bearing in mind that this recovery has been different from other recoveries. while much of the attention paid to the economy has focused on the sluggish jobs
4			user	microsoft	technology			microsoft launches web search technology microsoft corp. finally debuted its own web search technology on thursday, hoping to challenge google inc.'s long dominance of the field with results tailored to a user's location and answers from its encarta encyclopedia.
3			investor			us investor steps into jimmy choo a us private equity group tonight said it had bought a majority stake in luxury shoe label jimmy choo in a deal valuing the company at 101 million.
1			leader	parliament	race	country	president			ghana votes for new president, parliament voters in ghana queued on tuesday to choose a new leader for their west african country in what was expected to be a race between incumbent john kufuor and long standing rival john atta mills.
2			medal	tim	sport			scoring dispute won 't hurt sport when paul hamm won the olympic gold medal for olympic all around gymnastics, nbc analyst tim daggett proclaimed it the greatest sports moment he d ever witnessed.
2			team			cycling's hamilton fired after doping test olympic gold medalist tyler hamilton was fired by his cycling team two months after testing positive for blood doping.
4			tool	system	source			open source web tools company nets vc funding a $ 5 million infusion of venture capital will help laszlo systems work on tools to build web pages.
3			good			observers: reported deal good for sprint, better for nextel sprint corp. appears to be on the verge of the boldest move of ceo gary forsee 's 18 month tenure: a $ 36 billion merger with rival wireless company nextel communications inc.
2			boston	brave	park	game	sport			notables the previous nl game in an al ballpark was in 1946, when the boston braves played several games at fenway park because a paint job on the seats at braves field had not dried, according to the elias sports bureau.
1			fighting			cnnfn network to close by mid december cnnfn, the financial news cable network owned by time warner inc. , on thursday said it will cease business operations by mid december, after fighting a losing battle against the far larger rival cnbc.
4			president	technology	institute			mit makes yale provost first woman to be its chief the massachusetts institute of technology on thursday named susan hockfield, provost of yale university, as its 16th president. she succeeds charles m. vest, who
1			parliament			nz protesters march against legal recognition of gay relationships about 5,000 people marched monday from wellington 's civic square to parliament to protest against proposed legislation giving gay relationships legal recognition.
3			investor	shareholder			peoplesoft investors split votes on deal two major peoplesoft inc. shareholders on tuesday indicated they would split their votes on whether to accept oracle corp's $ 8.8 billion hostile takeover bid.
4			technology			study: 400,000 it jobs lost since 2001 the information technology industry lost 403,300 jobs from the start of the recession in march 2001 to april 2004, with nearly half of those jobs disappearing after the recession 's official end, according to a new study.
4			space	technology			private spaceship designers given 10m the designers of the first privately manned rocket to burst into space were handed a 10 million check saturday, a prize designed to encourage technology that will open the heavens to tourists.
2			game			half life 2 set for november launch half life 2, one of the most anticipated games of the year, is finally making its debut on november 16, reported the company in a press release.
2			franchise	coach			jones predicts tough start for franchise wallabies coach eddie jones has predicted a difficult start for australia 's new franchise in the expanded super rugby competition starting in 2006.
3			earnings			earnings alert: at t posts $ 7.1 billion loss plus: lucent's 1st profitable year since issues sunny net income inches higher, despite legal bill.
1			president	election			karzai promises afghans security for election afghanistan's president hamid karzai promised afghans greater security when they go to vote in the country's first ever democratic election during an independence day speech on wednesday.
4			user	window	feature	switch			it dabbles with firefox, but few plan to switch from ie one feature in firefox is tabbed browsing, which allows users to load pages from multiple sites without having to open a new browser window for each one.
3			sale			artworks rushed to auctions as houses expect heated sales collectors have consigned hundreds of millions of dollars' worth of art for the november sales in new york.
2			champion			wada chief calls for hearing into jones doping world anti doping agency chief dick pound has called for a hearing into allegations former olympic sprint champion marion jones used steroids.
1			party	president			sarkozy 's party in typical fashion, nicolas sarkozy yesterday organised a big welcome for himself as he was elected president of france 's ruling ump party.
4			science			feathered embryo found in china a 121 million year old baby arboreal bird, fossilised while still curled in its egg, has been found in china, science magazine reports this week.
4			united	technology	outlook			wall st. expected to open slightly lower wall street was expected to open slightly lower on friday but united technologies corp. may climb after its chief executive gave an upbeat outlook.
4			system			sfo to investigate bae contracts the serious fraud office investigates allegations of false accounting in connection with contracts between the saudi arabian government and three firms, including bae systems.
4			project	access			insurers paying for rural health project patients in rural communities across georgia soon will have quick access to big city medical specialists thanks to a live video hookup that will serve 36 rural hospitals.
2			nfl	team	play	season	game			but seriously folks being at home isn't what you think in the nfl. heading into the weekend, 10 teams remain undefeated at home, but we're only talking two or three games. let the season play out, but don't be surprised if that figure is less than what it was a year ago four unbeatens at home .
4			software	microsoft			microsoft deletes more antitrust opponents after years of expensive litigation aimed at weakening its hold on the software market, microsoft msft:nasdaq news research is on the verge of settling with nearly all of its opponents.
4			system	networking	source			cisco to introduce new products for cos. cisco systems inc. on tuesday will introduce new products aimed at protecting and expanding one of its biggest sources of revenue computer networking equipment for small businesses and branch offices.
2			player	fan	game			fans rush to create mods for doom 3 activisions doom 3 , the hot computer game that launched earlier this month, wasnt on store shelves for three days before players started
3			share			vector takes $ 877m share in ngc agl has agreed to sell its majority shareholding to vector at $ 3.00 per share a deal worth $ 877.4 million in total. bloomberg noted that ngc would provide vector with north island gas pipelines, adding to
4			app	ibm	server	application	version			new websphere app server has distinct soa flavor ibm 's affections for service oriented architectures deepened today when big blue offered details on the impending version 6 release of websphere application server.
4			speed	amd	ibm	researcher	technology	silicon	gain			ibm, amd speed chips, strain wafers researchers at ibm and advanced micro devices inc. have improved a chip making technology called strained silicon, boosting semiconductor performance at a time when such gains are increasingly hard to come by, the companies said on sunday.
4			software	spyware			universities struggling with ssl busting spyware experts call marketscore software a privacy threat.
4			software			the soft underbelly of software deals it 's been a heck of a week for the software industry. first there was oracle 's dec. 13 long sought after deal to acquire rival peoplesoft psft for $ 10.3 billion.
4			desktop	processor	software			apple 's imac g5 debuts as world 's thinnest desktop software giant apple computer has unveiled its new imac desktop computer, which integrates all disk drives and processors into a flat display.
1			leader	jean	president			haiti: beheaded corpses found a man 's beheaded body lay in the street in a seaside slum on thursday near the smouldering remains of another beheaded corpse that was wrapped in tires and set ablaze, as leaders of the uprising that ousted president jean bertrand
2			champion	race	prix			rossi misses provisional pole american rider john hopkins upset pre race favourites, including world champion valentino rossi, to take provisional pole today for the weekend japan grand prix with a record lap time on the first practice day.
3			investor	stock	rise	sale	retailer			us stocks lower after jobless claims rise u.s. stocks opened lower on thursday, with investors taking a breather after wednesday's rally amid lackluster monthly sales figures from retailers and higher than expected jobless claims.
4			software	microsoft			microsoft eyes larger acquisitions microsoft 's financial chief said this week that the software giant is more likely to make big acquisitions than it has been in the past.
1			leader	jean	president			s.africa: guest aristide not behind haiti mayhem south africa rounded on haiti's interim leader monday, dismissing accusations it was allowing haiti's ousted president jean bertrand aristide to coordinate a violent uprising from exile in south africa.
4			project	switch			intel switches off tv chip in another change of plan, semiconductor giant intel has cancelled a project to develop a chip for projection tvs, saying it plans to focus its resources in other areas.
3			retailer	earnings			ahold, executives settle fraud charges global grocery retailer ahold nv has agreed to a settlement of civil fraud charges over an alleged $ 1 billion overstatement of earnings in a deal with us regulators that does not fine the company.
2			hit	medal	high	sport			paul hamm, in keeping medal, misses opportunity the moment when paul hamm hit his high bar routine was one of the most electrifying sports moments ive ever seen. i cant recall seeing something that i immediately felt was so outstanding
4			expectation	profit	enterprise	technology	developer			leapfrog warns on 3q, year profit view leapfrog enterprises inc., a developer of technology based educational products, on monday lowered third quarter and full year profit expectations, citing difficult market conditions.
3			gain	stock			stocks lack direction stocks seesawed in afternoon trade thursday, with blue chips struggling to maintain their gains while techs edged lower following warnings from google.
1			leader			custis takes control family and tony robbins have matured and molded university of maryland free safety ray custis into a trusted leader and anchor of the terrapins' defense.
2			player	soccer			sony developing tvs that zoom in on screen image sony corp. sne has developed a computer chip that allows viewers to zoom in on any part of a tv image, such as a favorite soccer player or an intruder on security camera footage, while keeping the image sharp...
3			growth	retailer	sale	season			holiday online sales growth to slow this year retailers that saw impressive growth in year over year online sales during last year's holiday season should not look for the same results this year, according to estimates by forrester research.
2			game	team	wizard	suspension			brown rejoins wizards wizards forward kwame brown returns to practice following his one game suspension for conduct detrimental to the team last wednesday.
3			sale			emerging debt on lookout for results, imf emerging debt spreads are likely to trade in ranges early in the week ahead of venezuela's bond sale results and the imf meeting late in the week.
2			game	series			news: resident evil 4 for ps2 nov 1st 2004 06:30. in a press release, capcom announced that the latest entry in the resident evil series, resident evil 4, will be ported to the playstation 2. thought to be an exclusive game
4			desktop	software	microsoft			google muscles into microsoft's turf not too long ago, google inc. seemed little more than a pesky insect to microsoft corp.'s 800 pound gorilla. no more. as google rapidly rolls out new products, the company best known for its wildly popular search engine is muscling into the software giant's turf, including its stronghold: the computer desktop.
2			team	soccer	top			girls' top 20 following is the globe top 20 in emass for girls' soccer. no. team record last 1. belmont 14 0 1 1 2. oliver ames 13 1 0 2 3. lynnfield 15 0 0 3 4. norwell 15 0 0 5 5. andover 14 1 0 4 6. bishop feehan 11 1 1 6 7. old rochester 14 1 1 7 8. marshfield 10 1 4 9 9. wellesley 9 0 5 8 10. weymouth 12 1 2 10 11. rockland ...
2			player	coach	game	technology			just keep clicking from digital video cameras on the sidelines to sony playstation 2s in the locker room, technology is changing the way coaches and players prepare for games.
4			tool	standard	terrorist			the call is cheap. the wiretap is extra. at first glance, it might seem like the simple extension of a standard tool in the fight against the bad guys. but in fact, wiretapping internet phones to monitor criminals and terrorists is
4			software			indictments issued in software scam case a federal grand jury has indicted 11 people for conspiring to distribute nearly $ 31 million worth of bootlegged software programs.
3			earnings			nortel again delays earnings restatements nortel networks has again delayed posting its long awaited restated financial results, moving its target release date to mid november.
1			leader	tension	visit	opposition			ukraine contenders to visit same city ukraine's two presidential contenders scheduled campaign trips to the same eastern city on friday, raising fears of more tension ahead of the dec. 26 repeat of their fraud marred runoff. opposition leader viktor yushchenko hinted his rival was trying to disrupt the vote.
4			vendor	software	hardware			vodafone makes sun its preferred it vendor vodafone signs a global purchasing agreement with sun that gives vodafone consistent terms for sun's hardware, software and services product line.
1			leader	party	talk	sharing			paisley: it 's now or never the democratic unionist party leader, ian paisley, emerged from downing street talks today and said that republicans had a now or never chance to disarm and do a deal with him on power sharing.
4			microsoft	technology			nhs strikes money saving deal with microsoft the nhs has struck a money saving deal with computer giant microsoft amid reports of spiralling costs to its national information technology programme, it was announced today.
4			dow	technology			quattrone asks appeals court to seal some support letters new york dow jones former star technology banker frank quattrone has asked a federal appeals court to seal some letters written in his support in order to protect his family 's privacy.
4			platform	mac			people's republic of mac china is booming and beijing is its cosmopolitan heart. what's the platform of choice for the city's new tech and media elite? well, it's not the mac. but china's macophiles are banding together. hector mackenzie reports from the chinese capital.
4			user	switch			alcatel hopes security will get users to switch european telecom equipment maker looks to push into corporate switching, a market long dominated by cisco.
4			software			turning the corner sasken communications, which provides embedded software to the telecom industry, has seen its fortunes change for the better the last year.
4			player	technology	storage			samsung unveils 2 gigabyte chip samsung electronics announced three breakthroughs in key technologies that promise greater data storage and faster processing for computers and mobile devices such as mp3 audio players.
4			system			ford to offer sirius radio as an option in more cars ford plans to offer sirius satellite radio in more of its cars and trucks and it will begin installing the systems at the factory.
3			sale			pathmark may look for buyer pathmark stores, which owns 142 supermarkets in the city and throughout the northeast, hired dresdner kleinwort wasserstein to advise it on options, including a possible sale of the company.
2			stadium			coach's position is clear, isn't it? of course, he conceded that it was his fault, but bill belichick couldn't get much work done the other day. not with the line he had outside his office. practice was over, the guys were free to go where they wanted, but many of them remained at gillette stadium. they wanted a word with belichick, whose coaching decisions in last ...
4			core			thomson to back both blu ray and hd dvd company, one of the core backers of blu ray, will also support its rival format.
4			hardware	java	system	software	computing			sun marketing exec heads to start up azul shahin khan has joined start up azul systems, which builds computing hardware to accelerate the execution of java software.
1			talk			vonage talks of 911 advancements in rhode island, will there be an answer to a major problem for the internet phone industry?
1			minister			german fm joschka fischer arriving monday. german foreign minister joschka fischer warned sunday that an iranian nuclear arms buildup would be a nightmare, saying europe is looking to head off any dangerous confrontation with tehran.
4			siemens	british	technology			siemens, bbc announce $ 3.35 billion deal industrial group siemens ag said friday it has signed a $ 3.35 billion contract to deliver technology services around the world to the british broadcasting corp.
2			champion			agassi plows ahead on a day when the french open men's and women's champions lose and blame their defeats on fatigue, a bouncy, energetic andre agassi advances to the weekend for the 14th time in 19 u.s. open appearances.
2			medal	final	game	win			ian thorpe wins bronze in 100 metres freestyle tony eastley: ian thorpe now has the full set of olympic medals, winning bronze after coming surprisingly close in trying to win the games treble that is the 100, 200 and 400 metres freestyle events. in winning bronze in the 100 metres final, thorpe ...
3			investment			q a: cognos ceo calls business intelligence roi a 'fuzzy' metric cognos ceo rob ashe says companies are demanding a more tangible means of measuring the return on their business intelligence investment.
1			parliament			athens olympics cost more than thought the total cost of the athens olympics may exceed 14.6 billion, according to greece's 2005 budget submitted to parliament thursday.
1			talk			nuclear freeze talks must not last too long iran iran is prepared to keep uranium enrichment activities frozen as long as nuclear negotiations continue with the eu, but those talks should not last too long, iran's chief nuclear negotiator hassan rohani said tuesday.
3			management			update 3 continental air to cut 425 jobs, warns on wages continental airlines inc. cal.n: quote, profile, research plans to eliminate about 425 management and clerical jobs, and wage cuts may be next if the revenue picture does not improve, the no.
2			league	playoff	baseball	talk	sport			baseball: economics and the playoffs description: npr 's robert siegel talks with our regular sports commentator stefan fatsis of the wall street journal about major league baseball.
3			retailer			split story for businesses during convention if it had been up to katie rosin, she would have been on vacation last week. rosin, the spokeswoman for pottery retailer and wholesaler our name is mud, knew business would be very slow
4			voip	outsourcing	ibm	technology	development			ibm lands voice, data deal worth nearly $ 1 billion the voip deal is the type of technology outsourcing and service agreement that has become an increasingly large and profitable part of ibm 's overall business and the sort of development that
4			system	application	source			columnists: open source versus closed source security in the age old battle between open source and closed source operating systems and applications, can either of them really be considered more secure than the other?
2			club	saint			fox cleared over ice saint ride sean fox, the jockey who was accused of deliberately jumping off a horse at fontwell earlier this year, has been exonerated of breaking any rules at a jockey club disciplinary hearing.
4			software	microsoft	technology			firefox aims at microsoft in browser battle in the rapid fire pace of the technology business, microsoft 's successful, though illegal, campaign to thwart competition in the market for web browsing software during the 1990s seems to be ancient history.
4			project			europe backs digital tv lifestyle a european project aims to change how people receive their digital entertainment in the future.
2			champion	team			villeneuve checks in with sauber former champion jacques villeneuve will have his first test for sauber in spain this month after a seat fitting at the formula one team 's swiss factory on thursday.
3			chain	top			blockbuster interested in hollywood chain blockbuster inc. , the largest u.s. video rental chain, on thursday said it has contacted hollywood entertainment corp. about acquiring its top rival for 700 million.
4			system			cyberonics sends more data to fda medical device maker cyberonics inc. said thursday that it filed additional data with the food and drug administration for its vns therapy system designed to treat depression.
2			pas	team	football			enfant terrible there is no higher praise that i can bestow on craig bellamy other than to reveal that he has graced my fantasy football team on several occasions an honour i impart only on those select few that pass my unscientific, spurious but highly stringent
2			park	fan	football	club			yorke staying at birmingham city football club doubts had arisen over yorkes future at st andrews following the racial abuse he suffered at the hands of two blackburn rovers fans at ewood park over the weekend.
2			champion	point	sport			wada chief: marion jones could be turning point in effort to rid ... the chief of the world anti doping agency says drug allegations surrounding us olympic sprint champion marion jones could become a turning point in efforts to rid sports of drugs.
3			earnings			automatic data 's improving fundamentals prudential equity group raised its earnings estimates for automatic data processing nyse: adp news people after the payroll and data processing services firm reported better than expected fiscal first quarter results.
4			software	ibm	management	vendor	project			ibm buys montreal firm 's project management expertise ibm corp. tuesday announced plans to acquire software vendor systemcorp alg for an undisclosed amount. systemcorp of montreal makes project portfolio management software aimed at helping companies better manage their it projects.
1			measure	reform	election			schwarzenegger stumps against three strikes reform california gov. arnold schwarzenegger campaigned on wednesday against a ballot measure that would roll back the state's landmark three strikes sentencing law, embarking on what his aides concede could be one of his toughest election fights.
1			parliament	race	election	party	victory	president	opposition			taiwan opposition claims victory taiwan's opposition parties, which favor closer ties with china, claimed victory in the parliament elections on saturday, beating president chen shui bian's pro independence party after a tight race.
4			software	source			open source gets veteran support a group of industry veterans are aiming to become the dell of the software industry by creating a company dedicated to supporting open source software.
4			team	system	software	feature	reader	adobe			tech buzz: yahoo, adobe team up for new web services stepping up the battle of online search and services, yahoo inc. and adobe systems inc. have joined forces to tap each other 's customers and put web search features into adobe 's popular acrobat reader software.
4			microsoft	mainframe	system	tool	ibm	server	integration	application			microsoft unveils mainframe integration tool microsoft has unveiled host integration server his 2004, claiming that the legacy integration application will lower the cost of integrating existing ibm mainframe and midrange systems with windows.
4			energy	cell	technology			nanotechnology may change energy industry bismarck, n.d. jack uldrich says his stain resistant pants are just the beginning for a technology that could someday be used to create cell phones so small they can be sewn into clothes and enhance electrical transmission through power lines.
2			sport	colorado			body of nbc executive's son believed found the body believed to be that of nbc sports chairman dick ebersol's 14 year old son was recovered on monday from under the wreckage of an aircraft that crashed in western colorado and killed two others, officials said.
1			politician	coalition	minister	prime	opposition			labor claims pm 's net harbour deals breach spam act the federal opposition has asked australia 's spam legislation enforcers to investigate what it claims is a breach of the spam act 2004 by the prime minister, coalition politicians and a company whose directors include the prime minister 's son.
4			use	feature	application	technology			gateway pc keeps it cool gateway on friday unveiled a pc designed to stay cool even when handling applications that use a lot of power. the 700gr computer features intel 's balanced technology extended, or btx, architecture, in which
4			voip	technology			commentary: virtual numbers changing all the basic technology is called voice over ip and it is referred to as voip. free! sign up here to receive our sitewatcher e newsletter!
2			career			n.s. submariner recalls harrowing experiences in career spent underwater halifax cp as sam jennings started to regain consciousness, he saw the dark smoke billowing through his submarine.
4			standard	content			toshiba develops hybrid dvd toshiba ltd. and memory tech said this week that they plan to bring to market a hybrid dvd disc that can be used both for standard definition and hd content.
1			politics	uncertainty	president			despite uncertainty, taxpayers should politics has made year end tax planning problematic. although tax policy is fixed for 2004, it 's been difficult to strategize into the future without knowing who the president would be through 2008.
4			general	technology	fuel			daimlerchrysler, gm join on hybrids daimlerchrysler and general motors will jointly develop new hybrid motors to compete against japanese rivals on the fuel saving technology
3			hit	vendor	enterprise			10 gigabit ethernet hits the enterprise vendors hewlett packard, alcatel and s2io each announced 10 gigabit ethernet products monday that are aimed squarely at enterprise data centers.
3			shareholder			disney's eisner to step down in sept 2006 walt disney chief executive michael eisner on friday said he will step down from the media conglomerate in 2006, aiming to end his two decade reign on his own terms after a shareholder revolt nearly cut it short earlier this year.
4			standard			fire risk prompts air conditioner recall the consumer product safety commission announced a recall thursday of amana, trane and american standard combination air conditioner heat pumps that can overheat and catch fire.
2			team			us, australia team up to protect vulnerable reefs guardians of two of the world's most popular coral reefs joined forces on thursday to protect their fragile charges from the ravages of water pollution, coral disease and people.
2			game	golf	sport			ioc considering possible addition of five sports to 2012 olympics the international olympic committee has notified the governing bodies of golf, rugby, squash, karate and roller sports that they will be studied further as part of a review of the games competition schedule.
1			election			ukraine appears set for new poll it looks likely that ukraine will hold a new election as it awaits a supreme court verdict on electoral fraud.
4			percent	patent	licensing	license	technology			technology ; sony and samsung to cross license patents sony and samsung started negotiations on the cross licensing deal in december 2003. the agreement is broad, covering 94 percent of sony 's 13,000 us registered patents, and a similar percentage of samsung 's 11,000 us registered patents.
4			use	mail	technology			yahoo mail to use domainkeys washington: earthlink inc. and yahoo inc. have said they would begin tests of a new anti spam technology that encodes digital signatures into customers e mail as a way to separate legitimate messages from unwanted spam.
4			draw	technology			prayer breakfast draws strong tech turnout a growing number of technology executives believe that their christianity should be part of their work as well as their private lives.
4			system	feature	version	storage			netapp eases storage provisioning pain network appliance inc. has unveiled the next version of its operating system, dataontap 7g, which includes two significant new features that improve provisioning and capacity utilization within its filers.
4			software			eu clears oracle peoplesoft takeover the european commission said it had approved unconditionally us business software firm oracle's hostile takeover of rival peoplesoft.
2			coach	top	season			porter deserved top coach honors last season forget about hubie brown, jerry sloan and larry brown terry porter should have been last season 's coach of the year if only for getting the most out of the least.
1			reform			lawmakers optimistic on spy agency overhaul key lawmakers said on tuesday they were optimistic of quick approval by congress for reforms of the u.s. intelligence services including a powerful new director, despite disputes between the senate and the house of representatives.
3			investor	leader	earnings	share			google options takes spotlight after yahoo results some options investors, encouraged by yahoo inc.'s solid results, seem confident that google inc. shares will avoid any big moves after the web search leader reports earnings next week, an options analyst said on wednesday.
4			system	card			paypal and itunes link up online payment system paypal can now be used for purchases by us customers of apple 's itunes music store. until now, itunes accepted credit cards, gift certificates and account balances as forms of payment.
4			mail	technology			yahoo for domainkeys one of the web 's largest e mail providers is looking to make its service safer with the adoption of domainkeys, a cryptographic based e mail authentication technology, monday.
3			leader	good	development			african leaders gather tuesday to assess nepad development program african leaders are to gather in algiers to review the progress of the new partnership for african development nepad , a wide ranging strategy for ensuring good governance and building the economies of the world's poorest continent.
2			stadium	final	team	president			owners vote to move team the president of the re named washington nationals, tony tavares, told wtop radio the vote was overwhelming. tavares said the deal to move the expos remains contingent on the dc council giving final approval to a stadium plan.
4			technology			new light technology promises longer life and lower costs it 's a problem that confronts every homeowner: there 's always at least one lightbulb around the house that needs to be replaced often in places that require a ladder.
4			worm	virus	application	code			job application hidden in virus code experts at a uk anti virus firm have discovered a job application buried in lines of code for two new computer worm viruses. the message, which could only be read by anti virus professionals, said: we searching 4 work in av anti virus industry.
2			league	good	baseball	team			for d.c, this may be it the washington area's 33 year effort to acquire a major league baseball team has produced plenty of agonizing near misses. there is a good chance that won't happen this time.
4			software			peoplesoft devotees in denial? with software tycoon larry ellison poised to dismantle peoplesoft, why are peoplesoft customers so relaxed?
2			cricket	high	award	sport			espn star sports takes bcci to court over tv rights espn star sports, who lost the bid to telecast international cricket played in india over the next four years, have challenged the indian board 's decision to award the rights to zee network in the mumbai high court.
4			science			kyoto protocol doesn 't have to be out of our reach charles f. wurster is professor emeritus of environmental sciences at stony brook university and is a member of the board of environmental defense, a nonprofit organization.
3			growth	profit	earnings	sale	forecast			kellogg raises earnings forecast for year after third quarter ... cereal and snack maker kellogg co. increased its profit forecast for the rest of the year monday, citing strong growth in its third quarter sales and earnings.
4			stock	technology			baltimore to quit stock market baltimore technologies, once a darling of the dotcom boom, is to quit the london stock market, putting an end to its chequered history as a listed company.
4			military	aid	collaboration	system	technology	integration	standard			new network consortium cites power of shared systems a group of 28 it, defense and integration companies formed a new consortium to develop technology standards and guidelines that will aid collaboration among military, intelligence, homeland security and law enforcement agencies.
3			profit	share			eisner to step down in 2006 michael eisner has seen his shares of ups and downs as the head of the walt disney company. he led the company through some of the greatest increases in profit the company had ever seen.
2			play	injury	player			michael reiziger out with shoulder injury michael reiziger will be sidelined for the coming six to eight weeks. the player dislocated his shoulder a few weeks ago and is unable to play on.
2			game			mp3, hints of delay for playstation portable reported comments from sony exec raise doubts about launch of games handheld, which will include mp3 support.
4			content	system	management	vendor	technology	movie	standard			vendors look to tame drm standards with coral six large technology and music companies announced monday they have banded together in an attempt to bring some interoperability to the drm digital rights management systems protecting digital content such as music and movies within the next nine months.
3			good	buying			spam e mails tempt net shoppers people continue to ignore warnings about spam and are being lured into buying goods, a report suggests.
2			baseball			this date in baseball for oct. 28 1958 construction began on the new ballpark for the giants in san francisco. the rocks in the area resembled candlesticks.
4			processor	computing	technology	pentium			intel debuts centrino pentium m 765 with 2mb cache intel pentium m processors, along with intel 855 chipset family and the intel pro wireless network connection family, are key components of intel centrino mobile technology intel 's best technology for mobile computing.
1			talk			kroger talks focus on wages weekly deductions for premiums, higher co payments and deductibles are all part of the health care package now taking shape for kroger workers, union officials say.
4			server	computing	share			dell looking for bigger blade share just as some analysts believe the market for blade servers is about to heat up, dell quote, chart moved forward with its most significant modular server, unveiling the poweredge 1855 for powerful computing at a lower cost.
4			platform	microsystems	java	upgrade	server	standard	version			sun releases new version of java for servers, desktops sun microsystems inc. thursday announced the availability of the j2se java 2 platform standard edition 5.0, which the company said looks to be the most significant java upgrade to date.
4			technology	broadband	mike			cisco to open r center in japan to hone broadband products produced to meet japan 's demand for broadband services will be robust enough to handle any other market in the world, said mike volpi of cisco 's routing technology group.
2			fan	game	soccer			soccer fans out of control in europe and much more common at soccer games in europe
4			software			oracle extends offer for peoplesoft business software maker oracle corp. orcl.o said on thursday it extended again its 7.7 billion hostile tender offer for peoplesoft inc. psft.o , to sept. 10, as it awaits a u.s. district court judge's ruling on whether the takeover attempt can move forward.
2			player	victory	classic	master			iceland offers shelter to fugitive chess player fischer fugitive chess master bobby fischer has been offered a new home in iceland, where he won a classic victory in 1972, but it is unclear whether he will be able to make the move from his detention in japan.
4			platform	microsoft	software			microsoft, dassault systemes in strategic alliance microsoft corp., the world's largest software maker, and france's dassault systemes have forged a global, 5 year strategic alliance to deliver dassault's 3d software to firms using the microsoft software platform.
2			system	game	series			dynasty warriors psp the addictive brutality and enveloping strategy of the dynasty warriors has always seemed perfect for a portable, making the psp edition of the series easily one of the most anticipated games for the playstation portable system so far.
4			lab	worm	system	virus	technology			q1 labs enhances security monitoring system the security threats against business technology systems continue to multiply. not only do malicious worms and viruses such as blaster and bagle continue to wreak havoc, but security pros
1			talk			virgin plans china mobile service virgin boss sir richard branson says the firm is in talks with a chinese company over starting a mobile phone service in mainland china.
2			game	sale			manhunt game banned the federal office of film and literature classification has refused to classify controversial game manhunt, banning it from sale in australia.
4			longhorn	microsoft	system	upgrade	file	technology	server			stripped down longhorn still offers gems microsoft has said the next release of windows will still be worth the upgrade, even though longhorn has been stripped of its unified file system and some of its other key technologies will be available for windows xp and windows server 2003.
4			investor	technology	score			a city built upon wits india's kerala state to build a technology friendly city for global investors. also: intel continues its expansion in the indian city bangalore hellip;. sirius satellite scores a hard charging ceo hellip;. and more.
3			investor	fund			everyone benefits from accountability it's a benefit to the investors and, by the way, to the companies seeking venture capital to have vc fund performance out in the open ''state discloses venture results, aug. 25 .
3			growth	investment			china's local growth economy still strong china's investment in construction and factory equipment, a key growth indicator, slowed slightly in november on lower public spending, but local level investments surged, the government reported thursday.
3			value			drugs group confirms bid approach women 's healthcare specialist warner chilcott has received a bid approach which would value the firm at more than 1.5bn $ 2.
1			president			au president challenges eponymous web site american university president benjamin ladner wants a web site critical of the school to stop using his name as its address.
4			british	scientist	technology			british scientists develop new vaccine technology british scientists have taken tips from mother nature to develop a new technology that could deliver cheaper, life saving vaccines without refrigeration to millions of children in remote areas of the world.
3			share	good	trading	volume	sport			russell 's a good sport judging by yesterday 's trading action in shares of sporting goods and apparel company russell nyse: rml the shares were about flat on volume not terribly different than its recent
2			country	game	sale			names in the game the herminator is selling well, just not as well as the terminator. an austrian postage stamp depicting herman maier, the country 's first skiing star to adorn a stamp, sold out in just six weeks after it went on sale sept.
2			talk	game			peoplesoft v. oracle: game over? talk about a great day for oracle corp. founder larry ellison.
1			concern	election			vote recount to settle doubts? a vote recount in new hampshire requested by the nader campaign could allay concerns about anomalous election results in the state. but if the recount uncovers problems with voting machines, it could lead to a recount in florida. by kim zetter.
1			election			plans under way for exiled iraqis to vote iom logistical preparations are under way to allow at least a million exiled iraqis to cast their votes in the country's first free elections next month, a senior organizer said on thursday.
3			management			reliance unit loses anil ambani anil ambani resigns from the petrochemical unit of indian giant reliance, renewing rumours of a management feud with elder brother mukesh.
4			space	technology			t mobile flashes flarion trial wireless carrier t mobile international ag today confirmed it is carrying out trials of flarion technologies flash ofdm equipment in european air space.
1			parliament	minister			iran's parliament sacks minister iran's conservative dominated parliament votes to sack transport minister ahmad khorram.
4			java	language	software	application			offshoring company looks to make programmers obsolete in legacy conversion an indian company claims its software automatically converts legacy applications written in old languages such as cobol and pascal to modern languages such as c and java.
4			design	system	ibm	software	application			hp, ibm bundles target smbs hp is working with software makers to create bundles of their most popular small and midsize business applications preinstalled on hp systems, while ibm is bringing its power 5 design to the smb segment through its express architecture.
2			game	sale			nintendo sells 500,000 ds handhelds in first week nintendo co. ltd. sold 500,000 nintendo ds video game devices during the first week of sales in u.s. stores for the new handheld featuring two screens for game playing, the japanese game maker said wednesday.
1			leader	election	victory	opposition			pressure grows on romanian left to give up power romania's centrist opposition, buoyed by a presidential election victory of their leader traian basescu, put pressure on the ruling left on wednesday to abandon its bid to cling to power or face early elections.
4			use	system	brain			fda approves new stent system to help prevent stroke the food and drug administration fda has approved a stent for use in opening blocked arteries in the neck. the new stent is intended to prevent stroke by treating blockages in the carotid artery, the main blood vessel leading to the brain.
2			stadium	game			ode to ancient games, nudity and all the olympics may have returned to the land of their birth, but even as these games wind down, the stadiums in athens remain eerily empty.
2			fan	team			gerrard urges fans to get behind team steven gerrard has called on the anfield faithful to get behind the team, but also to be patient in the critical clash with olympiacos at anfield tonight.
4			creator	technology			napster creator unveils online music technology shawn fanning, once reviled by record labels as the creator of renegade song swap service napster, on thursday launched a new service designed to turn the threat of still popular peer to peer services into an opportunity for music companies and artists.
4			volcano	mount	technology	science			at mount st. helens, the big eruption is of data, not lava in the years since mount st. helens last erupted, technology has completely revolutionized volcano science.
1			democrat			hold bank accountable there was a refreshing glimpse of bipartisanship this week, and it was not the sight of a democrat from georgia preparing to address the republican national convention in manhattan.
4			user			court tosses verisign suit vs. overseers a federal judge dismissed an antitrust complaint against a key internet oversight group brought by a company that controls directories for guiding internet users worldwide.
4			nation	technology			iran defies n agency shrugging off a 35 nation ultimatum, iran today revealed that it had started converting tons of raw uranium as part of technology that could be used to make nuclear arms.
2			baseball			owner of tavarez cap says it's legal julian tavarez's baseball cap is dirty and grimy but not illegal, according to the man who now owns it.
2			auto	hit	game			watch out: grand theft auto back on streets get some earplugs: grand theft auto: san andreas hit stores tuesday, and the sound from cash registers ringing up copies of the video game could be deafening.
4			development	ibm	cell	code			the power behind playstation 3? some details of the highly anticipated advanced microprocessor, code named cell, which is expected to power the playstation 3, have been released by the three firms responsible for the chip 's development ibm, sony and toshiba.
3			sale			nintendo ds proves popular company says sales of the handheld gaming device are much better than expected.
4			system	cell			trojan begins climbing aboard some smart phones a trojan program called skulls has appeared that disables many of the functions of internet enabled cell phones using the operating system from the symbian ltd.
2			coach	england	football			guscott backs woodward move former england centre jeremy guscott has tipped sir clive woodward to be a success if he does move into football. woodward resigned as england rugby coach on wednesday and has been linked with a move to football
3			technology	gain	stock	share			blue chips gain, led by tobacco stocks us blue chips rose on thursday, led by tobacco stocks, while technology share were under pressure by a warning from applied materials inc.
3			good	sale			retail sales over thanksgiving weekend good for some the far north scottsdale target store rang up better than expected sales during the three days after thanksgiving. at superstition springs center in mesa, bath and body works sold out
2			stadium	game	park	series			wakefield ready for the bright lights of world series when the lights go on saturday at fenway park it will be exactly 18 years to the day the last world series game was played at the famed stadium.
4			software	microsoft			judge orders microsoft to pay $ 112 million a judge is ordering microsoft corp. to pay $ 112.5 million to attorneys who successfully sued the software maker for monopolizing a segment of california's market.
3			good			bethesda magazine aims to market 'the good life' the success of a start up magazine rests on many factors, not the least of which is a catchy name.
4			software	microsoft			microsoft still wants eu settlement microsoft corp's chief counsel, briefing reporters in the lead up to a european union court hearing this week, said on monday he remains hopeful the software giant's european antitrust case can be settled.
2			game			everquest ii hunts newbies the latest massively multiplayer game is aiming to provide a softer, gentler experience for those intimidated by the original everquest. for the most part, it succeeds. review by daniel terdiman.
2			sport	mets	yankee			mets decide the time is right for a cable network of their own the mets loved the idea of the yankees yes network so much that they will start their own regional sports channel in 2006. the mets announced yesterday that their partners will be time
4			software	vendor			brief: iron mountain snaps up backup software vendor iron mountain plans to acquire connected corp. to enhance its online backup and recovery portfolio.
4			un	technology			europes big three gives iran last chance to come clean on ... europes three main states were thursday to give iran a last chance to reassure the world it is not secretly developing atomic weapons, offering valuable nuclear technology as a carrot and possible un sanctions as the stick.
4			exchange	technology	fuel			eu, iran nuclear deal seen doomed without u.s. help a european deal aimed at freezing iran's nuclear fuel program in exchange for peaceful atomic technology and other incentives will never work if washington is not directly involved, diplomats and an analyst said on monday.
1			debate			jon stewarts humiliation of tucker carlson the most popular blog story of 2004 jon stewart's humiliation of tucker carlson the most popular blog story of 2004 according to intelliseek's blogpulse, the transcript of comedian jon stewart's october debate with cnn crossfire hosts tucker carlson and paul begala was the no. 1 blogged news item of 2004. bloggers linked to the crossfire transcript in their ...
3			good			surfing rides new wave of popularity in britain's lukewarm seas the teenage girls squint into the sun, watching the surfer expertly ride a rolling wave into the shoreline. he's good, one says to the other. and cute, comes the giggled response.
2			team	race	series	season	use	cup			nascar shortens weekend for race teams nascar will use a shortened weekend schedule for the nextel cup series at most of its events next season in an effort to save money for teams.
4			design			u.s. mint unveils new designs for nickel there's change in store for thomas jefferson on the nickel that is. he's getting his first makeover since being put on the coin in 1938.
2			leader	winner	player	team			mcnally serving stonehill well women's volleyball player lauren mcnally of ashland, a two year letter winner and starter at stonehill college in easton, has consistently ranked among the team's leaders, both in kills and blocks.
2			lockout	management	nhl	player	sport			sports in brief: locked out nhl players look for work nhl players began scattering across the globe thursday in search of work on day 1 of the lockout, with no negotiations scheduled between union and management.
2			team	race	championship	second			interlagos: the race preview ferrari may have won both championships and for the renault f1 team, second remains only a remote possibility. but there will still be plenty to watch out for
2			basketball	game	sport			china sports star in aids campaign aids activists get help from chinese basketball star yao ming, back in shanghai for a promotional game.
3			shareholder			bollore asks for havas seat pressure on french advertising group havas mounted yesterday as it emerged that corporate raider and dissident shareholder vincent bollore has asked for seats on the company 's board.
4			project			intel prepares for the next 20 years intel is drawing the curtain on some of its future research projects to continue making transistors smaller, faster, and less power hungry out as far as 2020.
1			use	politician			politicians see e voting as a remote prospect forget the hi tech predictions it will be years, if ever, before electors can use the internet to vote, many policymakers believe.
2			team			bears loss could be gross, man the sight of rex grossman leaving the metrodome turf on a cart was bad enough for the bears faithful. seeing his family upset outside the team 's locker room was more telling.
3			development	sale	source			hp discontinues itanium workstation sales the long and sordid story of intel 's flagship 64 bit cpu, itanium, took another twist today, and from an unexpected source. citing poor sales demand, hewlett packard will discontinue sales and development of its own itanium 2 based workstation line.
3			earnings	infrastructure			nortel delays third quarter earnings announcement nortel networks corp. announced wednesday oct. 27 that it will postpone releasing its third quarter 2004 earnings until december, as the network infrastructure company continues to work
4			core			intel confirms dual core plans more details on yonah, the company's dual core notebook chip, will be released this week.
1			president			yahoo names chief number cruncher web portal yahoo on monday appointed usama fayyad as its chief data officer and senior vice president of the strategic data solutions group.
4			ipod	feature	technology	use	ship			ibeam adds laser pointer, flashlight to ipod griffin technology inc. on monday unveiled the ibeam, a new flashlight and laser pointer combination designed to work as a snap on package for ipods and ipod minis. the flashlight and laser pointer are two separate devices that feature protective caps and can be clipped on to a keychain when not in use. the devices plug in to the ipod's headphone jack. the package will cost us 19.99 when it ships by the end of october.
1			country	president			brazil gives china early x mas present... when president luiz inacio lula da silva visited china in may of 2004, he was like an innocent abroad. he naively thought the chinese would welcome his attempts to form a strategic partnership between two of the worlds largest developing countries.
3			shareholder			eisner will end reign at disney walt disney co. chief executive michael d. eisner, who survived a takeover bid and a shareholder rebellion aimed at his ouster earlier this year, announced plans yesterday to retire in 2006
3			profit			mozilla firefox 1.0 released the mozilla foundation, a non profit organization dedicated to preserving choice and promoting innovation on the internet, today announced the worldwide availability of the mozilla firefox 1.0 web browser.
2			game			big game hunters off the hook for bison population crash big game hunters may be off the hook in the latest twist of a prehistoric whodunit that tries to explain why bison populations sharply crashed thousands of years ago.
4			movie	technology			hooray for blu ray! if there was ever a time to feel sorry for a corporate titan like sony nyse: sne it may have been last month when rival movie studios announced that they would be supporting toshiba 's hd dvd technology in upcoming releases over the promising blu ray
2			player	game	championship			taking their game to the next level professional video game players are converging on san francisco for a world championship event, and while none of their faces have yet wound up on a wheaties box, some make tens of thousands of dollars a year in winnings.
1			play	politics	kick	technology			technology key to rnc's protective net the republican national convention kicks off on monday in the big apple and while politics is the main focus, technology will play an important role in securing the event.
4			design			rim takes new blackberry design overseas research in motion is targeting european and asian markets with a phone and messaging device that uses the company 's new suretype keyboard design.
2			player	high	game			leisure suit larry no seducer the latest games aimed at helping the namesake character get laid, leisure suit larry: magna cum laude gets high marks for humor. but the game seems too repetitive for most players' tastes. by lore sjberg.
4			standard	application			rss gets down to business calendar application is one of the first non blogging uses of the standard.
4			top	hardware			study: hp is world 's top chip buyer zdnet 's survey of it professionals in october kept upgrading hardware at number two on the businesses radar throughout the year.
2			football	opposition	sport			o line wearing down opposition in football, as in virtually every other sport at all levels, it is pretty much the ultimate representation of pending submission.
3			investor			bally's bully tactics backfire an enormous number of consumer complaints shows investors why this company is hurting.
4			software	microsoft	mode			microsoft search encounters glitches on first day microsoft corp.'s widely anticipated search engine, which launched in test mode on thursday, encountered some glitches on its first day, the world's largest software maker said.
3			fund	share	finance			somerfield raises 51m to help fund stores purchase somerfield raised 51m through a shares placing yesterday to help finance the purchase of 114 stores from its rival supermarket group, william morrison.
2			baseball			transactions baseball cleveland al : sold inf erick almonte to nippon japan . new york al : signed p tanyon sturtze.
4			system			aboriginal welfare plans cause stir an australian government rethink of its welfare system for aborigines sparks widespread controversy.
1			leader	parliament	crisis	opposition			yushchenko seeks confidence vote opposition leader viktor yushchenko pursues a vote in parliament, as the crisis in ukraine continues.
2			player	baseball	nation	club			japanese baseball strike nears professional baseball in japan has truly come of age: the nation is bracing for its first ever players strike. athletes are angry about a proposed merger between two clubs, the
3			investment			putnam investments to eliminate 100 jobs putnam investments said monday it will cut about 100 jobs, an announcement that came a week after parent company marsh mclennan cos.
4			technique	experiment			procter gamble 's on demand procter gamble nyse: pg is the latest company to experiment with new age advertising techniques to lure the consumer dollar.
1			minister			greek defense minister quits for deadly copter crash a day after africa 's senior greek orthodox prelate and 16 others died in a helicopter crash in the northern aegean, the greek defense minister, spilios spiliotopoulos
1			measure	minister			cica foreign ministers sign declaration rbc, 22.10.2004, almaty 17:38:00.foreign ministers of the members of the conference on interaction and confidence building measures in asia cica have signed a declaration on the meeting of cica ministers and approved the confidence building measures
4			application			coping with contamination in the search for life drilling is a messy business. drilling fluid is anything but sterile. for most drilling applications, that's no problem. but when astronauts drill for life on mars, they need to be sure that the bacteria they find really do come from underground.
2			injury	hit	chicago	season	sport	mike			bears defense takes another hit lake forest, il sports network the chicago bears, already without safety mike brown for the rest of the season because of an achilles injury, will be without two more starters on defense for awhile.
4			system	storage			exabyte adds new tape storage exabyte has announced the release of the magnum 1x7 lto autoloader, a 2u, rack mountable, automated backup and restore system for less that $ 5,000.
4			decline	profit	technology			infineon posts 4q profit decline; sees chip market downturn ahead london, november 9 the german semiconductor company, infineon technologies , has projected a downturn in the semiconductor industry next year, after reporting a 10 y y decline in its profits for the fourth fiscal quarter.
1			politics	enemy	final	election	war	talk	president	drop			cheney mixes stinging rhetoric with retail politics in vice president cheney's final push before next tuesday's election, talk of nuclear annihilation and escalating war rhetoric have blended with balloon drops, confetti cannons and the other trappings of modern campaigning with such ferocity that it is sometimes tough to tell just who the enemy is.
3			sale			car production in 1st 3 quarters lower than expected china 's car production and sales this year will be lower than expected and also the lowest increasesince china 's entry to the world trade organization three years ago, according to industry experts.
4			system	game			nintendo set to launch new game system nintendo co. is set to launch nintendo ds, the latest of its wallet sized game systems designed to slip easily into your backpack and encourage procrastination wherever you may roam.
1			parliament	cabinet	prime	minister			somalia 's newly appointed pm dismissed by parliament the somali parliament on saturday passed a no confidence motion against the newly appointed prime minister and his cabinet, according to an informed senior somali official in nairobi.
4			system	low	technology	server			hot servers not so cool for data center managers low end server technology is racing ahead of the ability of many data centers to keep the increasingly dense and fast systems cool, a problem that's stopping some it managers from using the new machines.
1			leader	shot	election			gop leaders criticize s.c. organization a federally funded group that promised flu shots on election day in six of south carolina's poorest counties has drawn criticism from republican leaders.
3			growth			little sign of new jobs created in europe the euro zone continues to experience a jobless recovery, with no indication that new jobs are being created after more than a year of generally sluggish economic growth.
2			celebration	medal	soccer	team	tour	game			champs will take their show on the road the us women's soccer team will begin its 10 game olympic gold medal celebration tour sept. 25 at frontier field against ireland.
2			goal	champion	win	cup	game			germany wins bronze womens world cup champion germany settled for bronze at the olympics, beating sweden 1 0 thursday on renate lingors goal and a spectacular game from goalkeeper silke rottenberg in her 100th international appearance.
4			system	software			eds to pay 50m to extend opsware deal electronic data systems corp. said tuesday it has agreed to pay 50 million to extend an agreement with opsware inc. for software used in running data centers.
4			software	networking	infrastructure	server			sun networking foray begins this month server and software company prepares new foray into market for dot com infrastructure.
4			hit	technology			few electronic disruptions hit republican convention the electronic disruptions threatened during the republican national convention were minimal at most, the convention's infotech head said friday. max everett, the convention's director of information technology, said he took the threats seriously and responded by increasing the site's capacity and security.
4			distributor	technology			ingram micro moves in on asia pacific market technology distributor ingram micro has announced that it has signed an agreement to purchase australian based company tech pacific for au $ 700 million, in a move designed to strengthen its asia pacific presence.
1			leader	country	minister	prime	opposition			australian leaders prepare for october poll australia 's prime minister and the country 's main opposition leader say trust will be a key issue when voters go to the polls on october the ninth.
4			profit	ibm	technology	beat	computing			ibm 's 3rd quarter profit beats analysts predictions i.bm, a barometer of trends in the computing business, delivered a solid quarterly performance yesterday that pointed to modest if uneven improvement in the corporate technology sector.
2			team	sport			from spam to lacrosse, a day for the books new laws aimed at prosecuting big time internet spammers, helping small businesses and elevating lacrosse to the status of state team sport will become effective today in maryland.
2			champion	title			wright defends title by beating mosely in rematch las vegas: ronald winky wright used an effective right jab to retain his wba and wbc junior middleweight titles, posting a majority decision over former champion shane mosley on saturday.
1			democrat			house proposal puts less power in new spy post house democrats immediately criticized the long awaited bill, which they said would not enact the 9 11 panel's recommendations.
1			party	democrat	single	election			hk democrats demand partial election recount hong kong's main pro democracy party demanded on monday a partial recount of the vote in the city's legislative elections, after officials had failed to announce a single result eight hours after polls closed.
4			system			sun might have exchanged hangers on with rival star the sun may have captured thousands or even millions of asteroids from another planetary system during an encounter more than four billion years ago, astronomers are reporting.
1			election	ally			indian allies haggle after poll haggling between election allies delays the formation of a new government in the indian state of maharashtra.
2			captain	team			aussies cant wait to face black caps london: australian cricketers are hungry for some action and ravenous to get stuck into new zealands one day team at the oval, captain ricky ponting said on wednesday.
4			project			bribery considered, halliburton notes suggest an internal halliburton co. investigation has uncovered handwritten notes suggesting that former employees considered offering bribes to nigerian officials a decade ago to secure work in a $ 5 billion project to build a natural gas liquefaction plant.
2			night	drop	football	sport			drop the towel and pick up the pen maybe even a little awed y the sexed up introduction to monday night football. really atings starved network abc using a sagging sports property
3			player	sale			study: mp3 player market booming sales of portable mp3 digital audio players are booming and are set to generate us 58 billion in revenue worldwide by 2008, according to a new study from research firm idc.
4			tool	microsoft	identification	system			verisign launches authentication tools company introduces its unified network identification system and strengthens its ties to microsoft with a similar package tailored for windows.
4			feature			at t wireless unveils messaging only handheld the company says the device, dubbed the ogo, won't be bogged down by features that are hardly used.
4			leader	race	technology			sony chases rivals in image chip race sony corp., the world leader in video equipment, finds itself in the unusual position of playing catch up in the next battleground for technology used in cameras, video recorders and phones.
4			space	application			libraries enter digital age digital audio downloads save shelf space, and patrons don 't have to wait until a book is returned. remember how exciting it was as a child to go into the library to fill out an application for your very own
3			investment			verizon sells canadian directory operations verizon communications inc. said today it has signed a deal to sell its canadian directory operations to investment firm bain capital in a deal worth $ 1.
1			party	election	slide	opposition			australian opposition rushes out tax policy to halt poll slide australia's opposition labor party tried to revitalise its election campaign, promising tax breaks for families and the lower paid as new opinion polls showed its lead had disappeared.
4			software	microsoft			california sues microsoft for antitrust again five california counties and two cities sue the software giant under state antitrust laws, for taking advantage of government buyers.
4			game	card	technology			poker proves a hot hand for gaming industry card game's popularity is fanned by a combination of television, technology and, for some, the allure of big money.
4			gain	feature			will longhorn's loss be your gain? microsoft's decision to pare back features of the upcoming os is not bad news, some say.
3			chain			germany library fire destroys rare books a fire that ripped through one of germany's most precious historical libraries destroyed or damaged tens of thousands of irreplaceable books, although some 6,000 works, including a 1543 martin luther bible, were spirited to safety by a chain of people, officials said friday.
2			medal	champion	game			discus champion thrown out of games hungarian olympic discus champion robert fazekas will lose his gold medal and be expelled from the games after breaking doping rules, the international olympic committee ioc said tuesday.
4			system	microsoft	technology	version			microsoft to release next version of windows in 2006 microsoft corp. said it plans to release the next version of its windows operating system as expected in 2006, but it will not include much touted new technology for organizing and storing data.
1			leader			liberia curfew lifted temporarily liberia 's interim leader announced on saturday a temporary lifting of a curfew imposed after religious riots gripped the capital monrovia to allow residents to venture out to buy food.
2			race	series			hakkinen to race mercedes dtm in 2005 mika hakkinen will make his return to racing in 2005 with mercedes in the german touring car dtm series, it was confirmed on november 6th.
4			crm	software	technology	development	integration	application			brief: pushes on development, integration on demand crm software provider inc. is branching out to offer hosted application development technology and online marketplace services to supplement its own software services.
2			cricket	sport	series			uae 's ten sports to produce australia india cricket test series tv ... the board of control for cricket in india has granted the television production and distribution rights for australia 's test series with india even as the indian supreme court hears arguments over who owns the rights.
3			sale			intelsat satellite loss threatens sale a planned $ 3.1 billion takeover of satellite operator intelsat ltd. appears in jeopardy after an electrical problem ruined one of the company's satellites. p
1			leader	crowd	race			spectator assaults marathon leader italian stefano baldini won the olympic men 's marathon overnight after a spectator dashed on to the course late in the race and bundled the then leader vanderlei de lima into the crowd.
4			application			workplaces slowly adopt im instant messaging im is gaining slow prominence in the workplace, but the application is used for a variety of reasons. an early 2004 study of more than 2,200 us adults from pew internet american life
1			talk	top	president			contract stirs new talk on disney job by reuters. peter chernin, president of the news corporation, has signed a new contract that makes it easier for him to take the top job at another publicly traded company.
4			share	software	development			sap cfo puts off margin target europe's biggest software maker sap could need a year more than anticipated to reach its profitability target as it spends on research, development and marketing, its chief financial officer said on thursday, sending its shares lower.
4			software			computer associates ex ceo pleads not guilty sanjay kumar, former chief executive of software maker computer associates international inc., pleaded not guilty to orchestrating a massive accounting fraud scheme aimed at helping the company meet wall street targets, according to news reports.
3			retailer			amazon releases a9 search engine internet retailer inc. officially moved into the search engine market with the unveiling late tuesday of its internet search engine,
4			design	patent	technology			nokia sues over patent and registered designs nokia corp., the world's largest mobile phone maker, took legal action earlier this week against two european manufacturers for allegedly infringing on technology patents and registered designs.
2			play	football	championship	title			kidnapped mother of wonderkid robinho released the mother of brazilian football prodigy robinho has been released following her kidnapping on november 6. marina de souzas release will now enable robinho to play for santos in a title decider this weekend in the brazilian championship.
3			value	share			oracle raises bid, sets nov. 19 deadline oracle corp. raised the stakes in its hostile bid for peoplesoft inc. monday by increasing its offer to $ 24 per share, boosting the value of the proposed merger to $ 9.
4			park	technology			the technology of ups and downs it 's a place where ghouls are immortalised in paint. the queue is always long, even when the weather 's grim. the ghost train is luna park 's most popular ride.
4			system			honeywell to buy novar to expand in building products honeywell international inc., the world 's largest supplier of building controls, agreed to buy novar plc for 798 million pounds $ 1.53 billion to expand its security, fire and ventilation systems business in europe.
4			percent	technology			lucent reaches tentative deal with unions lucent technologies inc. said on tuesday it has reached a tentative agreement with the unions representing 10 percent of the telecommunications equipment maker 's work force.
2			basketball	united	game	team			lithuania upsets the united states the u.s. men's basketball team lost to lithuania, 94 90, today at the olympic games.
4			siemens	technology	licensing			siemens signs on with flarion flarion technologies flash ofdm technology has received a vote of confidence from siemens, thanks to a new licensing deal forged between the two companies that calls for siemens to begin offering
3			dealer	brokerage	management	trading	sale	investment			cantor fitzgerald spinning off business manhattan based financial services firm cantor fitzgerald said tuesday it is spinning off its inter dealer voice brokerage business and will concentrate on sales and trading, investment banking, asset management and other institutional services.
2			coach	season			boise state coach hawkins signs extension boise state coach dan hawkins signed a five year, $ 2.6 million contract extension on tuesday that could keep him with the broncos through the 2009 season.
4			generation	management	switch			f5 networks to introduce next gen traffic manager f5 networks will reveal its long touted next generation internet traffic management switch on tuesday, a device it says will help corporate customers get better performance from their networks.
4			hardware	identification	frequency	system	software	management	technology	vendor			sap, infineon unveil rfid management system german business software vendor sap ag and chip maker infineon technologies ag today launched a new software management system for connecting radio frequency identification hardware and software from multiple vendors.
4			user	system	networking	flaw			cisco warns of flaws in acs product networking equipment maker cisco systems inc. warned customers about security holes in two products that provide user authentication and authorization services for network devices such as firewalls and routers.
1			leader	election	party	president	deputy			zimbabwe ruling party elects woman as mugabe deputy zimbabwe's ruling party on saturday confirmed the election of the first woman candidate as deputy to president robert mugabe at the end of a congress which also endorsed mugabe as party leader for another five years.
4			software			macromedia readies captivate for demos and simulations macromedia on monday is announcing captivate, formerly known as robodemo, for recording onscreen activity and building software demonstrations and interactive simulations.
1			country	election	party	general	democrat			poll predictions have ruling party ahead in romania bucharest: romania 's ruling social democrats have emerged ahead in a general election but may be deprived of a clear majority needed to keep the balkan country on track towards the european union, exit polls showed.
4			processor	microsystems	generation	software	server	win	core			sun hypes new ultrasparc and siebel love sun microsystems today took aim at two core pieces of its server strategy, announcing a new generation of ultrasparc processors and a key software win for solaris x86.
4			microsoft	suite	software	code	access	source			microsoft provides office source code to governments facing growing competition from open source software providers, microsoft corp. has decided to allow governments and international organizations access to source code for its office 2003 productivity suite.
4			generation	ibm	technology	use	cell	version			sony, ibm and toshiba reveal more cell chip plans the four companies developing the cell consumer electronics microprocessor have released first generation versions of a device not built on technology already in widespread use today.
1			fighting			blogger grounded by her airline a us airline attendant is fighting for her job after she was suspended over postings on her blog.
2			race			andy cagle on nascar: the chase comes down to one race not to sound like anybody from the fox racing broadcast, but its time to reach up and pull those belts tight its time to go racing.
4			user	system	linux	software	source			a legal gun in the open source corral who says litigation is always bad for business? sco group 's scox litigation against sellers or users of the linux open source software operating system created a market opportunity for venture capitalist daniel egger.
2			knee	jersey	williams	sport			giants suffer another blow in secondary east rutherford, new jersey sports network the new york giants will be without shaun williams for some time after the strong safety suffered a tear in his left knee during friday's practice.
4			software	technology			alcatel bolsters u.s. presence alcatel has expanded its foothold in the key north american market with the acquisition of a mobile software provider and a conference technology business for 277 million.
2			white	series	baseball	chicago	player	sox	sport			baseball in bonds quandary the player swinging for the most storied record in baseball is being linked more than ever to what could be the sport 's biggest scandal since the chicago white sox threw the 1919 world series.
4			project			update 1: proposed bailout of trump casinos shelved donald j. trump may have a new project for his apprentices helping him try to figure out how to take his troubled casino company private after a proposed bailout fell through.
2			player	coach			ann heisenfelt, ap his coaches, his players, his mother, his wife, daunte culpepper can 't thank them enough for their efforts in this world. then there 's the small matter of help from beyond.
1			president			peoplesoft fires ceo conway update craig conway has been fired as president and chief executive officer of peoplesoft and will be replaced by founder dave duffield, the company said friday.
4			software			almost one in four businesses pirate software violations appears to be commonplace, even though professionals agree it is risky.
1			victory	country	election			leftist candidate declares victory in uruguay election leftist candidate tabare vazquez declared victory in uruguay 's presidential election sunday after exit polls showed him surging past two rivals with a majority of the votes, apparently aligning this small south american country with
3			holding			apple tangles with owner of u.k. based internet entrepreneur benjamin cohen says that he got an unexpected shock last month after he checked his voicemail and heard a lawyer representing apple computer inc. telling him to hand over his web site domain, apple alleges that cohen's cyberbritain holdings ltd is a cybersquatter just sitting on the domain hoping for a big settlement; cohen denies the allegation.
4			science			science prize celebrates fish flatulence, hula hoops that 's assuming the scottish association for marine science is correct in its conclusion that the tiny fish communicate via strategic gas releases, one of the scientific breakthroughs recognized in the 2004 ig nobel prizes.
4			user			brief: sap users warned of false support calls sap ag is warning customers not to provide confidential information on the phone to people claiming to be company support staff.
4			system	distributor			make internet less of a cyberjungle a 24 year old romanian cheats a california computer equipment distributor out of $ 10 million. an australian teenager causes a release of raw sewage by hacking into a treatment plants system.
3			expense	profit			audit board delays rule on options as expenses the move will delay the reduction in reported profits for many companies, and may give them more time to lobby congress to stop the rule from taking effect at all.
2			generation	race	score	hit	season	game			video game makers rush to cash in the 2004 shopping season is turning out to be the year of the blockbuster for video game companies as they race to score one more big hit before the current generation of xboxes and playstation 2s makes way for new machines.
2			team	high	football			dls ties, remains winless de la salle high 's football team is still winless, but at least the spartans aren 't 0 3. de la salle held a 7 0 lead until the fourth quarter but couldn 't keep it and had to settle
1			president			inside karzai's campaign to become afghanistan's first elected president, he has to placate warlords, pacify the taliban and survive
2			medal	game	walk	title			korzeniowski retains men 's 50km walk gold poland 's robert korzeniowski retained his 50km walk title at the olympic games here on friday. the 36 year old, who swept both walk gold medals in the sydney olympics four years
4			gate	system	software	management			gates to tout network management software microsoft's chief software architect is expected to detail the company's long term plan for trimming systems administration costs.
4			ipo	lab	stock	file	technology			dolby labs files for a $ 460 million ipo audio technology company dolby laboratories inc. filed on friday to raise as much as $ 460 million in an initial public offering of class a common stock.
4			technology	generation			fox joins blu ray group com october 4, 2004, 11:57 am pt. twentieth century fox has joined a group developing one of two formats being promoted as a next generation dvd technology.
4			generation			after decades of longing, generations can rejoice at 11:33 am yesterday, in a mist of rain and confetti, a boy and his father watched history being made. the boy was 45 years old, his dad 77.
4			use	technology	aol			aol adopts girafa 's thumbnail search technology , which develops and providers data visualization solutions and services, announced yesterday that compuserve, netscape, aim and icq properties of america online aol have signed an agreement with girafa to use its thumbnail ...
3			good	sale	outlook			dollar dips against most major currencies the dollar dipped against most major currencies on wednesday after mixed data on u.s. durable goods orders and weaker than expected new home sales did little to brighten the u.s. economic outlook.
3			leader	profit	earnings			google profit up in 1st reported quarter web search leader google inc. goog.o: quote, profile, research , in its first earnings report as a publicly held company, on thursday posted a higher net profit as revenue more than doubled on strong web search advertising.
2			coach			yao takes coach on trip down memory lane the local newspapers had already spent several days building it up as the return of the legend yao ming 's homecoming to china with the rockets.
4			desktop	mac	feature	use	application			mac os x tip of the week: a clutter free application in the last tip you learned how to instantly clean up your desktop using expos . did you know that you can use this nifty feature of mac os x to clean up the windows within an application? this week 's tip shows you how. dec 01
2			player			battle of form to capture what he says is the underserved urban market, damon dash of roc a fella records is launching a new line of mp3 players and other consumer gadgets.
2			team	cup	tournament	baseball			baseball gives selig contract through 2009 baseball commissioner bud selig received a contract extension through 2009 thursday as owners praised his 12 year reign, but dissension surfaced among teams in the decision to launch a world cup tournament. selig, who has presided over revolutionary changes in the most traditional of major u.s...
3			investor	stock			warming to the warning irrational exuberance follows after broadcom investors bid up the stock on the heels of a revenue warning.
1			president			on the record: jacobabad: i was under no pressure to sign the presidents dual office bill, said mohammadmian soomro, the acting president. mr soomro told online on sunday that he gave assent to the bill on his own since he was constitutionally authorised to do so.
4			generation			mtv, gamers hope video clicks with young mtv and the gaming industry are hoping characters from the gaming world will be able to reach the double click generation. the message is clear: young people need to take voting seriously.
4			united	suspect	technology			u.s. suspects iran is making new missiles interception of several technology shipments to iran has bolstered u.s. suspicions that iran is secretly developing an intercontinental ballistic missile that could threaten europe and possibly the united states.
4			technology			yahoo pages to get touch up com september 27, 2004, 5:02 pm pt. there 's no doubt the internet will continue to make its mark in the world of business and technology.
1			president			disney aims to find eisner successor the walt disney co. board of directors on tuesday said it expected to find a chief executive to succeed michael eisner by next june and would consider both outside executives and disney president and chief operating officer bob iger for the position.
3			investor	fund	buying			mutual funds can have tax trap in december the end of the year can be a great time to rebalance your portfolio and unload poor performers, but wise investors know to do a bit of research before buying and selling mutual funds in december.
4			leader	tool			yamaha offering free authoring tools for adding dynamic business wire ov. 1, 2004 aha corporation, the worlds largest manufacturer of musical instruments and an established leader in digital audio, is today offering free
1			party	interview			china's panchen lama hails party the boy named by beijing as the 11th panchen lama praises the communist party in his first interview.
4			identification	technology	frequency			rfid gets a reality check baltimore radio frequency identification may be a hot topic among tech types these days, but proponents of the technology gathered here this week are keeping their exuberance in check.
2			hit	race			suzuka : saturday cancelled! typhoon ma on is due to hit suzuka in the next few hours and the race organisers have decided to cancel saturdays two free practice sessions and qualifying as a result. what a weekend
4			diego	technology			eye catching wireless technology for two days last week, companies from around the globe converged near san diego to showcase their best products and services using mobile and wireless technology.
4			design	cell			at wireless unveils messaging only handheld at wireless on monday seemed to be trying to turn back the clock on cell phone design trends when it introduced the ogo, a messaging only handheld.
4			science			mars rover finds evidence of plentiful water we have evidence that interaction with liquid water changed the composition of this rock, said steve squyres of cornell university, chief investigator for the science instruments on both rovers. this is different from the rocks out on ...
4			desktop	system	tool	management	vendor			making it easier to manage heterogeneous desktop systems a vendor is pushing products designed to let admins manage whole infrastructures from a windows computer. by larry greenemeier. in a bid to help systems administrators extend their windows management tools
3			pas	team	sale			webex rolls out sales center to its hosted web conferencing service. the module will let a remote sales team pass notes behind the scenes, keep
2			nation	tournament	game			smyth nets twice as canada routs slovakia adam foote added a pair of assists for canada, who improved to 2 0 in the tournament while handing slovakia a loss in its first game of the eight nation event.
3			management	airway			us airways announces pay, benefit cuts for management us airways announced plans tuesday to cut $ 45 million a year in pay and benefits to roughly 3,700 management employees, a move the airline hopes will convince its union
2			league	soccer	team	play	coach			utah expansion team selects under 17 coach ellinger utah 's major league soccer team hired former us under 17 coach john ellinger to coach the new team when it begins play next spring.
2			game	championship	title			acc picks jacksonville to host title games the atlantic coast conference chose jacksonville on thursday to host its first two championship games.
4			upgrade	app	application	server			oracle readies major app server upgrade san francisco oracle corp. tomorrow is set to introduce oracle application server 10g release 2, which is being characterized as a significant upgrade offering improvements
3			profit	earnings	outlook			yellow roadway raises profit outlook yellow roadway corp. on tuesday raised its third quarter earnings outlook, citing a more disciplined pricing climate and better than expected operating efficiencies.
4			ibm	software			gaudi's cathedral gets help from dassault, ibm spanish architect antoni gaudi's unfinished sagrada familia cathedral is nearing completion faster with the help of software from france's dassault systemes and ibm, dassault said on tuesday.
4			tool			ask jeeves hoping to outshine google hoping to emerge from the shadow of its more popular rivals, ask jeeves inc. is adding new tools for visitors to save and organize links to web pages they find through the company's online search engine.
4			earnings	technology			lucent sees first profitable year since 2000 lucent technologies quarterly earnings rose sharply, helped by improvement in its wireless networks business and lower costs, the company said wednesday.
4			infrastructure	ibm	software	technology	application			peoplesoft ties knot with ibm the business applications maker will integrate its technology more closely with infrastructure software from big blue.
4			speed	ocean	technology			jet zooms into record books at 7000mph a tiny unmanned jet has soared above the pacific ocean at nearly ten times the speed of sound almost 7000mph in a record breaking demonstration of a radical new engine technology.
4			technique			solving a riddle written in silver modern imaging techniques have revealed some new information about the earliest biblical passage ever found in ancient artifacts.
2			final	game	win	sport			paris favored to win 2012 olympics bid the five cities looking to host the 2012 summer games submitted bids to the international olympic committee on monday, entering the final stage of a long process in hopes of landing one of the biggest prizes in sports.
1			coach	good	politics			a primer on office politics, good and bad one doesn't have to get past the first page of this book before corporate consultants and coaches rick brandon and marty seldman spell out one of the major problems many corporations face today: ''for most people, the words integrity and politics don't mix.
4			software	ibm	management	vendor	project			brief: ibm buys software vendor ibm said it plans to acquire software vendor systemcorp for an undisclosed sum. the montreal company makes project portfolio management software for helping companies manage it projects.
4			developer	system	access			cisco beefs up security through acquisitions cisco systems will pay $ 74 million for perfigo, a developer of packaged network access control products. perfigo 's product, cleanmachines, will bolster up cisco 's network security offerings for the small and mid size business market.
4			software	source			reports: prosecutors, ca reach accord the u.s. justice department has agreed to defer prosecution of computer associates international inc. in its long running investigation of accounting fraud at the software maker, several publications reported on wednesday, citing unnamed sources.
4			buying	holding	system	technology	defence	british			british defence contractor bae agrees to buy digitalnet for 600 million us london ap british defence contractor bae systems plc said monday it is buying digitalnet holdings inc., a u.s. maker of secure computer networks and a leading information technology supplier to the pentagon.
3			sale			webex adds sales center for sales professionals webex communications is expanding its web conferencing service with an offering designed for sales professionals, the company plans to announce on monday.
4			cell	java	feature			at wireless show, it's yahoo vs. google yahoo adds a search feature for cell phones, following a similar move by google. also: start up seven gets addicted to java.
4			upgrade	symantec	feature	version			symantec upgrades norton security products symantec has unveiled new versions of its norton security products beefing up some of the real time and automated features and will release them in the next few weeks.
2			ryder	cup	match	sport			wednesday at the ryder cup bloomfield hills, mi sports network as i write this column about my first day at the 35th ryder cup matches, there is something very interesting on my television at the moment.
4			hardware	ibm	database			sybase partners with ibm sybase has just announced a partnership with ibm to market the former 's database on the latter 's hardware. if that doesn 't make you sit up and take notice then nothing will.
1			leader	election	parliament	opposition			ukraine speaker: keep poisoning out of campaign ukraine's influential parliament speaker called on monday for a scandal over the poisoning of opposition leader viktor yushchenko to be kept out of the country's presidential election campaign.
4			player	standard			nec, toshiba claim mram breakthroughs nec and toshiba have made two advancements in developing a new type of memory that could eventually replace the standard memory used in mobile phones, mp3 players, and other portable electronic devices, the companies said wednesday.
3			growth	decline	sale			samsung: global chip sales growth to decline in 2005 london, september 20 samsung electronics expects its global semiconductor sales growth to decline below 10 next year, from the estimated 20 for 2004.
4			play	investment	technology			intel invests in five 'digital home' companies intel corp. has made new investments in five companies developing technologies that play into the chip maker's vision of a merged personal computer and consumer electronics industry, something intel calls the digital home.
4			user	mac	system			apple releases mac os x v10.3.7 apple on wednesday released mac os x v10.3.7, the latest release of its panther operating system. the company recommends the update for all users of panther, and said that the update delivers enhanced functionality and improved reliability.
1			election			oz election: howards expensive battlers john howards official election campaign launch in brisbane after heavily campaigning for the previous month and arguably all year as a monstrous bonanza for howards battlers.
4			technology	development			intel, at in tie up for voice, data, wireless intel corp. intc.o: quote, profile, research and at corp. tn: quote, profile, research have signed a research and product development agreement covering internet telephone technology
3			investor			sony led group to buy mgm for nearly $ 5 bil a group of investors led by sony corp has agreed to buy metro goldwyn mayer inc for nearly $ 5 billion, us news reports said monday.
3			grid	investment	value	enterprise			enterprise grid group adds dell, two others the enterprise grid alliance ega on nov. 30 plans to announce the addition of dell, ubs investment bank, and value added reseller avarsys to its fold.
4			leader	technology			bearingpoint leader plans shake up analysts speculate that company is a possible target to be acquired and that big operational changes are in store for the 16,557 person technology consulting firm.
4			desktop	software			google 's new desktop search software may be too efficient google 's new desktop search software is a muscle car among search engines, racing through personal data stored inside your computer to instantly find things you can 't easily locate.
3			management			cnn cuts hair as head of us unit in a big management shakeup aimed at halting a brutal assault from rival fox news, cnn has pushed aside the head of its us network.
2			player	coach	team	carolina			in fox they trust: panthers lean on coach to turn around 1 7 start his team was 1 7 and his list of injured players seemed a mile long. carolina coach john fox changed nothing, sticking with his style of cutesy little clich des to pull the panthers through and prevent them from quitting on him.
2			high	game			beijing undergoing biggest changes in 800 years for olympic games beijing : beijing is in the midst of a dizzying architectural transformation aimed at creating a modern, high tech metropolis by 2008 when the chinese capital will have its moment in the olympic spotlight.
2			general	league	sport	jim			bowden to head expos the washington bound montreal expos have found someone to take one of the most tenuous jobs in sports. jim bowden, the reds general manager in 1992 2003, will be announced as washington 's gm today, a league
2			team			australia, u.s. set record the u.s. women's and men's eights team both set world bests in the olympic rowing competition sunday along with australian pair sally newmarch and amber halliday.
3			shareholder			skillsoft learns the hard way a buyout of the online learning company looks like the best option for shareholders.
4			baseball	technology	score			networks in a duel of technology some television networks are racing to develop eye catching score boxes. fox, for example, now has fire coming out of its baseball scores.
2			player			napster claims first with downloads for mobiles the napster to go portable digital music subscription service, which was previewed in september, works via a plug in to windows media player 10.
4			platform	barcelona	generation	enterprise	system	technology	feature	storage			hitachi launches next generation usp barcelona itweb, 8 september 2004 in a global launch, hitachi data systems hds has announced its new universal storage platform usp , tagmastore, which the company says features technologies previously not available in enterprise storage systems.
4			system	software	technology	development	tokyo			cisco set to open japanese r center cisco systems will open a research development r center in tokyo that will focus on ip based technologies including ipv6, multicast and wireless for both its mainstream routers and its ios and ios xr software.
4			system	management	networking	technology			cisco to acquire it management firm the networking giant will pay $ 128 million in cash for netsolve, which manages information technology systems.
3			fund	shareholder			pension funds want voice in disney board four of the biggest u.s. public pension funds said on tuesday they would press for the right to have shareholders nominate directors to walt disney co.'s board of directors.
4			siemens	infrastructure			siemens awarded 2g 3g network extension in malaysia malaysia 's maxis communications bhd. maxis has selected siemens as one of its 2g and 3g umts infrastructure suppliers. under the terms of the three year framework contract, the siemens communications group
4			platform	microsoft	play	tool	management	software			ms strategy pushes it to cross platform support microsoft corp. wrapped up its it forum in copenhagen this week by singing the praises of new management tools that are part of a long term vision for reducing it complexity. but behind its more vocal announcements there emerged another significant tune, one that suggested that the software maker will have to be more willing to play with platforms from other companies in order to deliver its new strategy.
4			software			bitter takeover saga ends in $ 10.3 billion deal oracle corp. finally scooped up bitter rival peoplesoft inc. after 18 months of legal and verbal strife, ending a nasty feud with a $ 10.3 billion deal that promises to shake up the business software industry.
4			system	server			intel sees web buckling, invests in new systems intel corp. intc.o: quote, profile, research on thursday outlined its vision of the internet of the future, one in which millions of computer servers would analyze and direct network
4			enterprise	upgrade	technology	evolution	switch			symbol upgrades its wireless lan switch symbol technologies will take an important step in the evolution of the enterprise wireless lan on monday with the introduction of its ws 2000 wireless switch.
1			talk			personal tech: cybersecurity fast forward columnist rob pegoraro will be online to talk about the washington post's special cybersecurity report.
4			growth	technology			report: zigbee wireless set to swarm the wireless automation technology will see explosive growth over the next few years, a new study predicts.
3			exchange	good			ohio sues best buy for alleged unfair business practices yesterday the state of ohio sued best buy for alleged unfair and deceptive business practices. ohio state is claiming the company repackaged used goods and sold them as if they were new, as well as not honouring rebates, refunds, exchange programs and ...
3			chain	rise	sale	technology	high			vcrs erased from the high street consumer electronics chain store dixons is to stop selling video recorders because of the rise in popularity of dvd technology. the store, which has sold vcrs for 26 years, said that dvd sales had damaged
4			system	networking	development			powerschool university attendees at this year 's powerschool university ramped up their student information system skills with the new powerschool 4.0 and augmented their development activities through peer networking. aug 3
2			team			quincy gets its revenge it took a year, but quincy's volleyball team has bragging rights in the city again.
2			race	victory	win	season	cup			germany 's glagow, fischer win biathlon events germany 's martina glagow won a 15 kilometer biathlon event thursday for her first world cup victory this season, and compatriot sven fischer won a men 's 20 kilometer race.
3			management			hotel workers being locked out at ten hotels a labor dispute between san francisco hotel workers and management is spreading to more hotels in the city. employees at ten major hotels are being been locked out from their jobs today.
4			software			hp rakes in .net dough company has brought in hundreds of millions of dollars in consulting revenue related to microsoft's .net software in the past two years.
4			generation			in india, some farmers benefiting from a cyber revolution for three generations, two families have fought over an acre of farmland in an arid stretch of southern india, each waving documents to support its claim.
3			shareholder	management	miner			xstrata makes new bid for australia wmc swiss based miner xstrata says it will take its a $ 7.4 billion 3.1 billion pound bid for australia 's wmc resources directly to the company 's shareholders, effectively making a hostile bid after wmc 's management rejected its offer
4			user	patrick	technology			internet is caught in its own web it is the news that internet users do not want to hear: the worldwide web is in danger of collapsing around us. patrick gelsinger, the chief technology officer for computer chip maker intel, told a conference
3			retailer			amazon launching dvd rentals the uk website of is launching a dvd rental service, the online retailer 's first foray into a market pioneered by us based netflix.
3			leader	investment	stock			adv: investment letter performance leaders looking for independent stock research with results? portfolio b was up 187 in 2003. hager is setting the pace for performance again in 2004.
4			processor			apple unwraps new imac g5s at paris show the new imac's screen is suspended above the desk like that of its predecessor, but its processor, hard disk and dvd drive are concealed behind the screen rather than in the base.
2			cup	race			five drivers will race... for the nextel cup at homestead when tony stewart struggled to a 20th place finish in the mountain dew southern 500 at darlington on sunday, it eliminated any chance that he would have the opportunity to race for the nextel
4			design			u.s. mint to unveil new nickel designs there's change in store for thomas jefferson on the nickel that is. he's getting his first makeover since his likeness was put on the coin in 1938.
4			technology			managers misuse tech to control workers, study says managers with outdated notions about controlling workers are misusing technology to monitor and micromanage employees, according to a new report.
3			investor			liberty to boost its stake in news corp. liberty media corp., the company controlled by cable television investor john malone, said it entered a transaction with merrill lynch co.
2			title			golden double for holmes britain's kelly holmes makes olympic history by adding 1500m gold to her 800m title.
3			good	sale	outlook			dollar dips against most major currencies the dollar dropped against most major currencies on wednesday after mixed data on u.s. durable goods orders and weaker than expected new home sales did little to brighten the u.s. economic outlook.
4			technology	un	access			world in brief brazil has tentatively agreed to let the un atomic agency view parts of its equipment used to enrich uranium a deal that would end squabbling over access to technology that can be used to build nuclear weapons, diplomats said wednesday.
4			movie	high	technology			will blu ray zap a rival dvd format? three major movie studios have signed on for sony 's high definition technology for the discs. but a competitor has drawn big support, too.
4			software			progress is made in resolving antitrust issues the software industry enters 2005 with several antitrust issues behind it, a result of a handful of court decisions and out of court settlements this year.
4			microsoft	engineer	email	software	win	technology	standard			microsoft revises anti spam standard microsoft says it has revised its proposal to weed out spam email to win over sceptical internet engineers who have been reluctant to adopt technology owned by the dominant software company.
3			growth			idc raises 2004 pc growth view, but trims 2005 shipments of personal computers this year will be higher than previously anticipated, boosted by demand from businesses, research firm idc said monday.
3			sale			smucker sells brazilian unit to closely held cargill jm smucker co., the largest us maker of jellies and jams, sold its operations in brazil to closely held cargill inc. the sale of smucker do brasil ltda.
2			energy	round	classic	wayne	sport			levi grabs early lead in maryland hunt valley, md sports network wayne levi matched the course record of eight under par 64 on friday to take a one stroke lead after the opening round of the constellation energy classic.
1			iraq	politician	war	election			australia's oct. 9 election marathon begins australian politicians set off on a marathon campaign monday for an election that will focus on the way forward for one of the world's strongest economies, the credibility of candidates and support for the iraq war.
1			talk			clear channel tunes in fox news as primary news provider clear channel radio has inked a five year deal to have fox news radio serve as its primary national news service for more than 100 of its news talk stations beginning in 2005.
1			leader			specter, opponents press senate leaders sen. arlen specter is working the phones and embarking on a media blitz in an attempt to cement his standing as future chairman of the senate judiciary committee in the face of demands from conservatives that he be passed over.
3			finance			california 's finance director resigns after 11 months a decision by the state 's tightfisted finance director to step down has fueled speculation inside the capitol about a possible shift on spending issues by gov.
4			earnings	technology			wireless networks business helps lucent lucent technologies inc. , among the world's largest makers of telecommunications equipment, on wednesday said quarterly earnings rose sharply, helped by improvement in its wireless networks business and lower costs.
2			night	coach	football			gilbertson fired? gallows humor apparently has become reality, with unconfirmed reports circulating that washington football coach keith gilbertson and his staff were fired late sunday night.
4			content			hp's livermore opts for 'content free' content hp world booth intro steals show
4			system	microsoft	management	application			microsoft keeps mom with application management microsoft yesterday released its latest microsoft operations manager mom 2005 and mom 2005 workgroup edition previously named mom 2005 express system and application management offerings to manufacturing.
4			platform	voip	crm	microsoft	system	collaboration	networking	vendor	application			call of the smb: cisco ties voip to microsoft crm cisco systems collaboration with microsoft to target the smb market is starting to bear fruit as the networking vendor monday launched a new application that integrates microsoft crm with its voip platform.
2			concern	season	baseball	sport			sports and drugs baseball 's big concern: integrity the baseball community expressed concern for the sport after the chronicle reported that barry bonds weight trainer claimed in a secretly recorded conversation that the superstar used an undetectable performance enhancing drug during the 2003 season.
2			game			nintendo's innards wondering what your shiny new nintendo ds looks like on the inside? lik sang saves you the voided warranty with a new photo gallery showing a detailed dissection of the new handheld game machine. missing links
1			leader			n.korea denies removal of leader kim portraits xinhua reports that portraits of north korean leader kim jong il had been removed were a groundless fabrication, china 's xinhua news agency quoted a foreign ministry official on friday as saying in pyongyang.
4			design			intel, hewlett packard work on giving internet a fundamental ... the decades old design of the internet is in need of a fundamental overhaul, and intel and hewlett packard believe they can make it more adaptable and intelligent.
4			processor	human	system	good	ibm	technology			self healing tech could boost ibm's yield designed to let processors adjust themselves dynamically in response to problems or systems demands without human intervention, the chip morphing technology could help ibm keep up with demand for good chips.
4			user	system	flaw			extremely critical winamp flaw news: winamp has an extremely critical security hole that could be exploited by hackers to compromise a user 's system.
2			winner	football	club	side	trophy	cup			marseille 's european cup winning sorcerer dies the belgian won the 1993 european cup with french side marseille the only time a side from france has captured european club football 's premier trophy and the 1978 cup winners cup with belgian giants anderlecht.
4			feature			at wireless unveils messaging only handheld the company says the device, dubbed the ogo, won't be bogged down by features that are hardly used.
1			tension	fighting			mayfield clears mind after owner 's message ray evernham was fighting the thick air of tension with every step on pit road. up ahead, mark martin sat in his car ready to vomit but more on that later.
2			medal	game	sport			olympics: aoc to appeal to cas for rogers to get olympic cycling ... sydney : the australian olympic committee said it has appealed to sport 's highest international arbitration body to open the way for australian cyclist michael rogers to claim a bronze medal from the athens games.
3			space	enterprise			space shuttle enterprise takes center stage, at last chantilly, virginiaspace shuttle enterprise was born to be an astronautical bridesmaid, never a bride. built in 1976 as one of the first trio of us shuttles, enterprise never
4			feature			sony camera blends photos, video the company's latest digital camera includes advanced video features.
4			system	software			hyundai recalls 120,000 elantra sedans hyundai motor co. said friday that it is recalling about 120,000 2004 and 2005 model elantra sedans because of a software problem with its air bag system.
2			play	victory	club			notebook: bryant, lakers embarrass kings in sacramento kobe bryant and the new lakers had been searching for a signature victory, something to prove their revamped club still can play with the west 's powers.
4			user			the end of the www is upon us! intel is leading the charge against internet failure, claiming that with an ever increasing number of online users, we re running up on some architectural limitations .
1			top	election			judge questions md. vote chief's ouster a judge who will decide whether maryland's top elections official may keep her job on friday questioned the attempt by the state board of elections to fire her, wondering how it might affect the november vote.
4			system	ship	high			sony introduces pro high definition video system company will ship $ 4,900 camcorder and $ 3,700 digital recorder in february.
4			switch			3com partners with wireless switch start up 3com enters into the wireless switch market through a partnership with start up trapeze networks.
4			feature			is sunncomm a sham or the next, big drm success? feature from hell to hell and maybe heaven
2			coach	game	series			sorting out 'mess' after examining film of saturday's game, maryland coaches pinpointed a series of lapses that coach ralph friedgen summed up as a mess.
4			user	skype	telephony	software	technology	beta	application	version			ipaq users report trouble with skype skype technologies introduced version 1.0 of its internet telephony application for pocket pcs on thursday, but the first non beta release of the software does not work well on all pocket pcs, users report.
4			play	ibm	technology			ibm: do we have a deal? speculation spreads that china's biggest computer maker will buy ibm's pc business. also: clinton attends launch of chinese search engine powered by ai hellip;. a new dvd can play on old and new hd technology hellip;. and more.
4			system	expense	profit	software			siebel systems meets street view after loss last year, business software company siebel systems inc. turned to a profit in its third quarter , helped by smaller restructuring expenses.
3			growth			euro zone growth slows sharply euro zone economic growth slumped to its slowest pace for more than a year in the third quarter, prompting economists to warn the european central bank ecb against any monetary tightening in the near term.
3			retailer			to acquire for $ 72m inc. said thursday it has agreed to buy ltd., china's largest online retailer of books, music and videos, for $ 72 million.
4			development	generation	developer			climax peeks at next gen consoles uk based independent developer climax announced today the development of avalon, a multi vehicle shooter designed for next generation consoles.
4			software			judge won't block oracle takeover bid a federal judge on thursday rejected the government's attempt to block oracle corp.'s 7.7 billion takeover bid for rival peoplesoft inc., concluding a combination between the business software makers wouldn't throttle competition in a narrow market niche.
4			science	system	win			computer sciences wins $ 1.35 bln ascension contract computer sciences corp. won a $ 1.35 billion contract to manage phone and computer networks for ascension health, the biggest us nonprofit health care system.
2			title	championship	champion	race	win			rogers wins world tt title reigning world time trial champion michael rogers of australia successfully defended his crown here at the world road race championships wednesday.
4			standard	hardware	generation			jvc signs up to blu ray a hardware from the land of the rising sun, jvc, has signed up to the blu ray format and joined the blu ray disc association. although the public commitment to the next generation dvd standard is new, jvc
2			match			airlines focus on in flight entertainment after battling the budget airlines on fares, the traditional carriers are now trying to match their rivals' in flight entertainment offerings.
4			draw	technology			drawing semiconductor circuits, one tiny line at a time a new chip making technology that uses a special kind of electron microscope to draw the circuits and will lead to better memory chips.
4			tool	management	access	version			3amlabs delivers free remote access management tool bolstering its lineup of remote access management offerings, 3amlabs on thursday debuted three products including a free version of its flagship product, logmein, that helps it managers locate and manage remote access products.
2			player	fifa	game			danish players call off strike danish footballers have suspended a week long strike, called to protest against fifa transfer rules, allowing next weekend 's games to go ahead.
4			software	microsoft	engineer	version			rival engines catch up with google google, the world 's number one search engine, has lost its edge. that 's the considered view of software engineers who have been testing an early version of microsoft 's msn search service, released last week.
4			desktop	feature			gateway debuts cool new pc desktop features btx motherboard for improved airflow.
1			politician	debate	party	night	second			politicians fight over jobs report just hours away from the second presidential debate friday night, politicians from both political parties said the september employment report supported their views on the us economy.
4			system	microsystems	microsoft	server			dell back into blades, partners with microsoft for windows ... server maker dell inc is trying to steal some headlines away from sun microsystems inc, which is launching its solaris 10 unix operating system, by debuting its reentry into the server blade market, the poweredge 1855.
2			denver	team	wizard	coach	game			jordan makes statement wizards coach eddie jordan says the team is making a statement that immaturity will not be tolerated by suspending kwame brown one game for not taking part in a team huddle during a loss to denver.
4			war	researcher	technology	plea			researchers develop 3 d phone technology it 's an idea that was popularized by princess leia 's plea for help in star wars: sending a 3 d hologram.
2			soccer	play	brain	game	kick			sportsview: soccer stars will be missed hers was the game that launched a thousand kicks, then tens of thousands, then millions, a rare blend of brains, beauty and hard nosed grace that redefined what it meant to play like a girl.
3			low	sale			china looks outside asia for m a chinese companies are starting to pursue north american and european electronics and consumer brands as their government pushes them to build global sales forces for their low cost products.
2			play	franchise	race	playoff			kaman itching to play despite recent surgery as a perpetual losing franchise, the clippers have been known to find motivation in strange places, especially when they are far out of the playoff race.
2			race			three jockeys held in race fixing probe three jockeys and a trainer were arrested today in a probe into alleged fixing of horse races. more than 130 officers raided 19 addresses across suffolk, north yorkshire and south yorkshire and arrested 12 people for conspiracy to defraud.
3			share	high	enterprise	version			nokia plans new, lighter version of communicator trying to regain some of its lost market share, nokia corp. is hoping to woo both enterprise and consumer customers with a lighter, sleeker version of its high end communicator
2			team			jacques and fernando ready for suzuka the two renault f1 team drivers say the japanese circuit is among their favourites, and are promising strong performances this weekend. get ready!
4			run	technology			technology challenges sprint nextel merger the proposed merger of sprint corp. and nextel communications inc. could face a shaky start as the companies work to run and eventually merge two wireless technologies without losing a ton of money or customers.
2			dame	game			washington needs to stop notre dame running game south bend, ind. notre dame tailback darius walker couldn 't help but smile when asked about playing against washington 's suddenly porous defense.
4			platform	tool	management	software	feature			logiclibrary announces logidex 3.5 for j2ee and .net logiclibrary, a provider of software asset management tools, tuesday announced logidex 3.5 for j2ee and .net platforms that features compliance with the basic profile of the web services
4			enterprise	tool	virus	software	spyware			mcafee debuts enterprise anti spyware tool security software firm mcafee has unveiled a new module for its virus scan engine that is designed to help businesses fight spyware.
3			auto	sale	earnings			mitsubishi reports first half earnings mitsubishi motors corp. said monday that its losses grew in the first half of the fiscal year as the japanese automaker struggled to recover from an auto defect scandal that has sent sales plunging.
2			title			radcliffe back on track for world title having shown her indomitable spirit by winning the new york marathon ten days ago, just 11 weeks after the trauma of athens, paula radcliffe yesterday decided to turn her attention to scaling
4			leader	good	technology	standard	access			otis spunkmeyer melts over goodlink santa clara, calif., oct. 18 prnewswire good technology, inc., the industry standards based leader in wireless messaging and corporate data access, announced today that otis spunkmeyer has selected the
1			president			clinton talking, taking liquids former president clinton was alert and talking on tuesday, a day after undergoing a heart operation to bypass four severely clogged arteries. clinton remained in intensive care at new york presbyterian hospital columbia and was resting comfortably, according to a statement by his office...
2			game			jags qb leftwich to miss two games even though byron leftwich's throwing arm is getting quite a workout, it probably won't help the jacksonville jaguars the next two weeks.
3			shareholder			airbus gets go ahead for a350 jet european plane maker airbus won approval from its shareholders on friday to start a fresh marketing battle against rival boeing by seeking customers for a new wide body jet to be known as the a350.
4			processor	amd	core	technology	server	silicon			amd shows off fourway dual core cpu server chip firm amd said it is demonstrating a fourway opteron server using dual processor cores. 90 nanometre technology and silicon on insulator soi technology.
2			player	game			family circle family day in the fens means fun and games to most folks. players toddle around the bases with wide eyed kids. mothers beam. children smile. all is bliss on the sun splashed emerald lawn.
2			team	final	race			budapest, free practice 3 and 4: a tight battle in store the teams have just finished their final preparations for the race and qualifying, in much lower temperatures than yesterday.
2			game			london submits 2012 olympic bid london sent off its bid to host the 2012 olympic games to the international olympic committee ioc today, calling it a winning formula towards snaring the world 's biggest sporting event.
2			play	coach	joe			purdue plays too soft on critical wisconsin drive purdue coach joe tiller said his defensive coaches looked at videotape of saturday 's 20 17 loss to wisconsin and realized one of their worst fears.
2			sport	good	retailer	outlook			sports authority getting in shape the sporting goods retailer trims its quarterly loss and maintains its outlook.
4			worm	virus	software	engineer			hp touts software to slow computer worms engineers at hewlett packard co. are working on virus throttling software that they say could slow the spread of internet borne viruses and worms.
1			parliament	minister			taiwan says u.s. ties to suffer if arms deal fails taiwan's foreign minister warned lawmakers on wednesday that ties with washington would be hurt if parliament failed to approve an 18 billion budget to buy advanced u.s. weapons.
3			profit	sale	earnings	share			federated department stores posts profit federated department stores inc. , parent of macy's and bloomingdale's, posted higher than expected quarterly earnings on wednesday and said it was encouraged by october sales, nudging its shares up.
3			buying	vendor			cendant buying in $ 1.25b deal travel and hospitality company cendant corp. today announced plans to acquire online travel vendor for approximately $ 1.25 billion.
4			system	good	infrastructure			ontario delivers long awaited gas tax revenue to cash strapped cities mississauga, ont. cp the ontario government finally made good friday on its long awaited promise to start siphoning millions in gas tax revenue to municipalities desperate to fix crumbling infrastructure and underfunded transit systems.
3			profit	gain	enterprise			playboy forecasts higher 2005 profit adult entertainment company playboy enterprises inc. on monday said it expects higher profit in 2005 than in 2004, helped in part by gains at its international television and online subscription businesses as well as recent efforts to reduce debt.
4			space	virus	software			trend micro extends anti virus software to mobile market trend micro announced today that they are extending their anti virus product line into the mobile and portable space with the launch of trend micro mobile security.
4			cell	software			phones catching hackers attention several web sites recently began offering software promising ringtones and screen savers for certain cell phones. but those who downloaded the software found that it turned
2			basketball	coach	season			majerus accepts offer to be usc 's basketball coach next season rick majerus stint as a college basketball analyst for espn apparently has been short lived. according to an espn.
4			mode	technology	access			intel unveils tri mode centrino intel thursday unveiled tri mode centrino technology that will enable laptops to access wlans based on the 802.11a, b and g specifications.
1			party			verdict plunges ruling camp into turmoil aside from being shocked, members of the ruling party were at a loss for words following the constitutional court ruling that the party 's capital relocation plan was unconstitutional.
3			investor			alh hangs on decision by woolworths investors in australian leisure hospitality will trade in a knowledge vacuum today as they await the big decision from woolworths.
4			auto	system			to installers of car stereos, auto systems sound fishy when derek kenney unhooked the radio in a customer's 2000 cadillac sedan deville dts, music wasn't the only thing that stopped coming out of the car.
4			tool	software			new tool identifies 'phishy' web sites a new software tool from wholesecurity inc. can spot fraudulent web sites used in online cons known as phishing scams, according to a statement from the company.
2			war	game			a kinder, gentler type of war world of warcraft is a massively multiplayer game, so you should expect some dying, but blizzard has managed to make even that pleasant. game review by lore sjberg.
2			soccer	team	coach	high	game			paralympic team gets hand from area coach the junior varsity girls' soccer team at bishop fenwick high school in peabody is going to have to do without its coach, jennifer walsh beardsell, for a few weeks. she'll be in athens working as a massage therapist for the athletes at the paralympic games, which begin sept. 17.
2			ranger	football			burns to stay on as smith agrees four year deal with scotland the scottish football association yesterday made a formal offer to the former rangers manager and, pending the ratification of his appointment at a board meeting on thursday, smith will be officially unveiled as the successor to berti vogts on a four year
1			parliament	president			eu 's barroso promises commission changes incoming european commission president jose manuel barroso says he will make changes in his proposed commission, one day after withdrawing his slate in the face of a likely european parliament veto.
4			price	technology	second			chip maker posts profitable quarter higher prices and increased production gave micron technology inc. its second straight profitable quarter, but its fourth quarter results still fell short of wall street estimates.
4			platform	app	server	ship	application	source			jboss ships j2ee 1.4 compliant open source app server jboss on monday is shipping jboss application server 4.0, which the company is billing as the first open source application server certified as compatible with the j2ee 1.4 platform.
3			sale	fuel			iran defiance threatens euro bid to end nuclear row iran again vowed to continue enriching uranium, in a potential setback to a european plan to ease the nuclear standoff with tehran by offering sales of nuclear fuel and a trade deal as incentives.
3			sale			intel clouded by back to school fears intel corp. 's intc.o: quote, profile, research upcoming mid quarter report will be closely watched for signs of weak back to school computer sales, though recent
4			processor	core	technology	code			via to enter 64 bit processor market via technologies has announced details of its 64 bit architecture based isaiah processor core with the engineering code name cn .
2			round	championship	share	carolina	park	sport			three share lead in south carolina north augusta, sc sports network grace park, kim saiki and silvia cavalleri each posted rounds of six under par 66 on thursday to share the first round lead of the asahi ryokuken international championship.
2			coach	texas	oklahoma	sport			brown 's archrival won 't cost him job a popular notion in sports circles is that texas coach mack brown simply cannot, will not and should not survive yet another loss to oklahoma.
1			president			disney 's eisner sees iger as successor walt disney co. dis.n: quote, profile, research chief executive michael eisner said company president robert iger is his preferred choice to succeed him in running the entertainment
2			round	race	championship			jrme dambrosio my race in albi four is his number! the belgian driver finished 4th in both his races and still stands 4th in the drivers championship. will 3 be his lucky number in the next round?
4			tool	software	ibm	management	application	project			ibm buys systemcorp in a move to strengthen its software tools portfolio, ibm nyse: ibm plans to buy systemcorp, which develops project management applications.
4			software			peoplesoft relents, agrees oracle bid oracle corp. on monday said rival business software maker peoplesoft inc.'s board has accepted a sweetened purchase offer of about $ 10.3 billion, ending a long and bitter hostile takeover battle.
1			democrat	election			hk democrats vow to fight for universal suffrage by channel newsasia 's hong kong correspondent roland lim. hong kong : hong kong 's democrats have vowed to continue to push for beijing to grant universal suffrage to the territory, despite their disappointing showing in sunday 's local elections.
4			vendor	technology			westbridge merger is where the actional is actional corp. and westbridge technology inc. on monday announced the merger of the two companies, reflecting consolidation in the web services market, as vendors try to provide a broader product portfolio to a larger customer base.
1			cabinet	talk	minister			ministers support wheat board 's role winnipegthree federal cabinet ministers have assured the canadian wheat board that they support its monopoly selling powers debated at recent world trade talks, the board 's chairman said yesterday.
4			ibm	vendor			computer associates will account the it vendor agrees to pay more than $ 200 million to avoid criminal prosecution in an accounting scandal. also: peoplesoft strengthens ties with ibm hellip;. emusic gets a facelift hellip;. and more.
4			system			radisson hotels unveils online check in service using a new express yourself system, guests at radisson hotels resorts can now check in via the web at their convenience and provide preferences in advance of their arrival, eliminating the traditional hotel check in process.
2			game	win	season			giants men among boys the giants who endured the misery of the 2003 season still wince whenever last year is mentioned. they remember that they didn 't get their fourth win until the eighth game of that season.
4			system	high	chain	technology			video joins long line of out dated technology the decision by high street electrical chain dixons to no longer sell the machines could soon mean rip for the vcr. but vhs video home system is just
4			networking			clueless about networking? click here site offer 30 off 'first step' guides
3			virus	enterprise			messaging security cuts wider swath enterprise security products that once focused solely on spam are broadening scope to tackle messaging issues, compliance violations, phishing scams, and viruses.
2			season	champion	team	sport			cipollini signs deal with liquigas italy 's former world champion mario cipollini has ended speculation that he is to retire by announcing that he will ride next season for the liquigas sport team.
2			team	streak	season	coach	game			browns coach butch davis resigns after fifth straight loss butch davis resigned as coach of the cleveland browns after a five game losing streak dropped the team into last place. davis, 53, compiled a 24 36 record in almost four seasons with the browns.
3			good			not quite good as gold the critical eye, firm hand and warm embrace of bela karolyi have molded women 's gymnastics for the past three decades, producing the perfection of romania 's nadia comaneci in 1976 and the sparkle of america 's mary lou retton in ...
1			peace	politics	muslim			world muslims begin peace prayers in bangladesh hundreds of thousands of muslims from around the world on friday began a three day annual islamic prayer meeting outside the bangladesh capital, dhaka, with politics banned and sermons set to call for world peace.
1			party	involvement			barrot overshadows new eu executive french transport commissioner jacques barrot is under pressure to explain to meps why he did not mention his involvement in a french political party funding scandal.
3			profit			jabil posts profit on stronger demand contract electronics manufacturer jabil circuit inc. on tuesday posted a quarterly profit that more than doubled on stronger demand for computers, cellphones and other electronic products.
1			leader	regime	military	country	minister	prime	opposition			burmese generals reinvent dark days hardliners in burma 's military regime were consolidating their control of the country yesterday after ousting the prime minister, painting a gloomy prospect for the release of detained opposition leader aung san suu kyi.
2			player	game			review: game boy add on video is limiting a pair of new add ons for nintendo co.'s game boy advance turn the handheld into something considerably more than a gaming machine a video phone and a video player. as long as you bear in mind that you're dealing with a toy, you might not be too bothered by the less than stellar quality.
2			british	game	wizard			christopher lee becoming a video game wizard christopher lee says he does not own a computer or a mobile phone. but that hasn't prevented the veteran british actor from starring in some of the most successful and accomplished marriages of narrative and computer generated artistry that ever entertained an audience.
4			turkey	sale	technology			7 eleven adopting wireless technology sherry neal checked the refrigerated shelves of her 7 eleven store, touched the screen of a small handheld computer and got an instant four week sales history on turkey sandwiches.
3			growth			gdp growth likely healthy despite cautionary words from bank of canada governor david dodge last week about the impact of the rising dollar, canadian gross domestic product likely grew at a healthy 3.5 clip in the third quarter due to strong consumer spending.
4			microsoft	tool	sharing	technology	development			microsoft offers governments sharing tools as part of its ongoing efforts to woo public sector customers, microsoft corp. has begun giving governments tools for collaborating and sharing technology information with other organizations so that they can learn from each other's experiences and cut development costs.
4			sbc	technology			cingular sells stake of india carrier for $ 200 million cingular, jointly owned by bellsouth and sbc communications, said the buyers are singapore technologies telemedia and tm international of malaysia.
4			technology			center nurtures newborn security cos. the chesapeake innovation center is an annapolis incubator focused solely on developing homeland security technologies.
3			share			peoplesoft board rejects oracle 's takeover bid despite ... peoplesoft inc. 's board of directors unanimously rejected oracle corp. 's takeover offer saturday, nov. 20, only hours after peoplesoft stockholders tendered a majority of their shares in favor of the deal.
4			ibm	software	technology			ibm launches new rfid and sensor software the software, developed by ibm 's new sensors and actuators business unit, is designed to help businesses collect and act on data from rfid and other sensor based technology.
2			minute	planet	earth	sport			sam kellerman posted: 2 minutes ago i confess that i am a complete ignoramus when it comes to women 's beach volleyball. in fact, i know only one thing about the sport that it is the supreme aesthetic experience available on planet earth.
2			brewer	game	cub			strained left wrist sidelines garciaparra cubs shortstop nomar garciaparra missed yesterday's game against the milwaukee brewers because of a strained left wrist and his status is day to day.
4			space	technology	moon	spacecraft			european spacecraft to research moon colonies a tiny craft powered by star trek technology was standing today at the gateway to the moon and a landmark date in the history of european space exploration.
4			system	upgrade	software	adobe			adobe announces photoshop elements 3.0 for macintosh adobe systems incorporated today announced adobe photoshop elements 3.0 for macintosh, a major upgrade to its digital imaging software for photo hobbyists that makes it easier than ever to enhance images and transform photos.
4			software	microsoft	spyware	technology			legal questions dog microsoft buy a legal row over software ownership could hinder microsoft 's ability to offer products based on technology from its latest acquisition, anti spyware company giant company software.
3			share			nokia plans 40 new handsets for 2005 nokia corp., the world's largest mobile phone maker, plans to bring 40 new handsets to the market next year as it seeks to expand its already dominant market share amid increased competition from rivals motorola inc., samsung electronics co. and sony ericsson.
3			shareholder	share			oracle extends bid for peoplesoft oracle has extended its $ 21 per share tender offer to peoplesoft 's shareholders, which was due to expire this week. the new deadline is september 10th.
2			medal	champion	august	british	sport			british rower pinsent retires four time olympic rowing champion matthew pinsent announced his retirement from the sport on tuesday. pinsent, 34, captured his most recent gold medal by winning the coxless fours event in athens this past august.
1			defeat	election	party	tension	president			chen's taiwan poll loss seen easing china strains the pro independence party of taiwan president chen shui bian suffered a surprise defeat in weekend legislative elections that could ease tensions with china but paralyze government on the democratic island.
4			user			tivo users to still see many ads tivo inc., maker of digital television video recorders, will next year add ways for viewers to see advertising and corporate logos even as they try to skip commercials, the company said on wednesday.
4			application	suite	enterprise			peoplesoft rolls out two new manufacturing modules as part of its update of its enterpriseone suite, peoplesoft nasdaq: psft has launched two new applications targeted toward the established customer base of what used to be j.d. edwards nasdaq: jdec manufacturing enterprises.
2			britain	top	game	race			olympics: new doping scandal, judging scandals at games japan 's mizuki nogushi won the first olympic marathon raced from the historic site in 108 years on sunday, but for britain the race turned into heartbreak as its top runner quit in tears.
4			software	application	suite			oracle brings smb suite to north america oracle corp. is finally bringing to the north american market its oracle e business suite special edition, a midmarket aimed package of pre installed, preconfigured software from its 11i suite of business applications.
1			war			u.s. cold war era statesman nitze dies at age 97 paul nitze, one of the last leading u.s. statesmen of the cold war period and architect of nuclear deterrence, has died at the age of 97.
3			stock	share			yahoo pares google stake, sells $ 191m yahoo inc. said friday it sold $ 191 million in google inc. stock in that company's initial public offering, cashing out some of the 2.7 million shares google gave yahoo this month to settle two disputes.
1			president			winn dixie ousts ceo frank lazaran struggling grocery giant winn dixie stores inc. forced out president and chief executive frank lazaran on friday and named peter l. lynch, a former albertsons inc.
2			team	race			meet the team: race team spares man geoff simmonds is in charge of managing all the spare parts at the races. its a key role heres an explanation of what it involves
3			producer	stock			interfor bids c $ 368 million for riverside forest international forest products ltd., a canadian lumber producer, agreed to buy riverside forest products ltd. for c $ 368 million $ 290 million in cash and stock, topping a hostile bid from tolko industries ltd.
2			basketball	player	teammate			judge sends ex baylor athlete to mental hospital a judge on thursday ruled that a former baylor basketball player charged with gunning down his teammate is incompetent to stand trial.
4			software	application			borland focuses on uml modeling borland software this week is breaking up its together controlcenter package for uml modeling into separate products for developing, designing, and architecting applications.
4			britain	technology			kasthari makes himself known digital technology has now replaced the old photo finish cameras at britain 's racecourses, but still there are times when even a computer cannot help.
4			united	technology	project			westinghouse electric poised to bid two projects china and the united states are close to ending a 15 year old dispute over nuclear technology transfers that has prevented us companies from selling nuclear reactors
1			leadership			coleman, dole each claim enough gop votes sens. norm coleman and elizabeth dole both claimed monday they have enough votes from their gop colleagues to take over leadership of the influential national republican senatorial committee.
2			basketball	season	player	coach	game			usc fires basketball coach henry bibby henry bibby was fired as southern california 's basketball coach monday, just four games into his ninth season. the trojans, beset by some player dissension, are 2 2.
2			night	defeat	sport			ecclestone shrugs off court defeat with $ 500m offer bernie ecclestone last night stood defiant as the attempt to loosen his grip on formula one intensified with a court verdict that handed three banks control of the sport.
2			game			song, spectacle bring 2004 olympics to a close with an outpouring of joy, pride and some relief, athens marked the completion of the 2004 summer olympic games with a closing ceremony full of spectacle, fireworks and music.
1			reform			protests over tough dutch budget the dutch government unveils its austerity budget for 2005 amid protests by the public at the plans for painful reform.
4			system			the new browser on the block imagine if everyone watched television using the same set, listened to the radio using the same audio system or surfed the web using the same browser.
4			cell	technology	fuel			new technology powers fuel cells smaller, cheaper, more robust notebook fuel cells could be available in 2006.
4			system	mac	flaw	version			apple issues mega security update computer maker apple quote, chart has released a security update to fix more than a dozen flaws in the jaguar and panther versions of its flagship mac operating system.
1			war			japan, philippines reach free trade deal japan and the philippines have agreed on key parts of a free trade pact but need a few more months to put finishing touches on the landmark accord between the world war ii foes, officials said tuesday.
4			general	system	technology			ge to buy spx 's fire detection unit for $ 1.4 billion general electric co. agreed to buy spx corp. 's edwards systems technology business for about $ 1.4 billion in cash to add fire detection and building safety systems to its three year old security systems unit.
3			good			dell may soon unveil more consumer goods analyst dell inc. , the world's largest pc maker, could announce an expanded selection of its consumer electronics line in the next several weeks, a retail industry analyst said on wednesday.
4			vendor	infrastructure			verisign tallies $ 40.3m net income in q3 internet infrastructure vendor verisign inc. today reported net income of $ 40.3 million for the third quarter of 2004, a reversal of the $ 31.3 million loss it posted in the same quarter one year earlier.
2			basketball	tournament	medal	point	team	night	victory	game			american men salvage bronze in basketball the u.s. men's basketball team can console itself with two things: third place and the highest point total of the olympic tournament. the americans took the bronze medal game seriously saturday night and earned some revenge in a 104 96 victory over lithuania. but that wasn't what they came to athens for.
1			military	election			house gop seeks to quash draft rumor washington house republicans sought tuesday to quash an undying internet rumor that the government will reinstate a military draft after the election, hoping with a vote to kill legislation that would do it, and the rumor as well.
4			text	upgrade	infrastructure	technology			mms to replace texts as mobile money spinner multimedia messaging service mms is rapidly taking over from short messaging service sms , but operators must undertake major infrastructure upgrades to cope with the technology 's increased traffic demands or risk alienating customers with poor service
2			game	title	top	season			finish line is in sight for martin self proclaimed sham mark martin vowed to leave racing at the top of his game. a late season surge has put him there, back in the chase for that elusive nascar title.
4			software			fbi seizes counterfeit software a two year investigation by us law enforcement authorities has resulted in one of the largest seizures of fake software ever in the us and charges against 11 individuals, government officials say.
4			system	technology			3com to buy tippingpoint officials at 3com said today they have signed an agreement to acquire tippingpoint technologies, a maker of intrusion prevention systems.
2			dame	coach	sport	season			willingham surprised, but takes blame for firing south bend, in sports network tyrone willingham admitted he was surprised at his sudden firing as notre dame head coach, but at a news conference wednesday took blame for the irish 's shortcomings in his three seasons.
3			investor	investment	fund	trading			putnam cuts 100 more staffers putnam investments yesterday said it will dismiss another 100 employees in a cost cutting move to reflect its smaller size after an employee trading scandal cost it tens of billions in investors' funds.
4			space	technology			extra: rules set for $ 50 million space prize plus: putting a face on technology could improve our interaction with hi tech gadgets.
3			enterprise	management	identity			hp fine tunes security management hewlett packard bolstered its security portfolio tuesday, announcing availability of an identity management product for enterprises and a security management initiative for small and midsize businesses.
2			basketball	tournament	ncaa	draw	sport			sirius to air men's ncca tournament sirius satellite radio signed a deal to air the men's ncaa basketball tournament through 2007, the latest move made in an attempt to draw customers through sports programming.
4			percent	profit	strength	system	technology			cisco first quarter profits up 29 percent cisco systems inc. 's fiscal first quarter profits jumped 29 percent as the network equipment giant reported continued strength in its traditional markets as well as emerging technologies
1			country	president			somalia asks for peacekeepers somalia's new president asks the african union to send 20,000 peacekeepers to secure the country.
4			database	microsoft	enterprise	system	server	standard			dell, oracle offer server database bundle pursuing enterprise departments and smaller businesses, oracle and dell computer are offering a package featuring a dell poweredge server bundled with the oracle database10g standard edition one database and the microsoft windows server 2003 operating system.
1			democrat	presidency	president	kerry			democrat kerry slams bush's 'excuse presidency' democratic candidate john kerry unleashed a harsh indictment of president bush's economic stewardship on wednesday and urged his republican rival to take responsibility instead of playing the victim.
4			system			experts say control systems vulnerable businesses and government agencies must re examine the growing threat of cyberterrorism to automated computer systems running power grids, dams and other industrial facilities, security experts said tuesday.
2			game	football			mcleish gives smith vote of approval for scotland job the imminent appointment of walter smith as scotland football manager has been given a glowing endorsement by leading figures in the game.
2			franchise	good			gta sequel is criminally good the newest release in the gta franchise, san andreas, could be the best yet,
2			baseball	steroid	sport			steroid details rock sports a simmering steroid scandal that has plagued baseball for nearly a year began to boil over thursday, with the promise of more eruptions tonight.
4			percent	technology			lucent, unions have tentative agreement lucent technologies inc. lu.n: quote, profile, research on tuesday said it reached a tentative labor agreement with the two unions representing about 10 percent of its work force, ending
3			investor			peoplesoft 's ex ceo accepts to have misled investors peoplesoft 's former ceo, craig conway, has accepted to have lied when he told investors last year that oracle 's $ 7.
3			investor	investment	management	estate			cerberus to buy lnr for 1.9 billion private investor cerberus capital management lp has agreed to buy real estate investment and management company lnr property corp. lnr.n for 1.92 billion in cash.
4			technology			australia new zealand allen lew, managing director of singtel optus pty 's mobile unit, and andy reeves, chief technology officer at vodafone group plc 's australian unit, speak on a teleconference from sydney
2			game	team			problema violencia a roma continua the abandoned roma v dynamo kiev game cannot be awarded to the ukranians, as the two teams are involved in a group, rather than a knock out between the two of them.
4			system	siemens	enterprise			siemens launches new unit to focus on end to end systems synergy was the word siemens ag used several years ago when it talked about combining its carrier and enterprise network and mobile phone businesses under one roof. then the company spun off these operations into separate divisions to be able to focus it said more closely on customers' individual needs. now the manufacturer is pulling everything back together and the buzzwords are end to end systems and convergence.
2			league	football	final	lion	sport			australian football: melbourne sidelined as brisbane and port ... the australian football league grand final between brisbane lions and port adelaide on saturday marks an epoch for australia 's favorite spectator sport.
2			team	play	carolina	game	bowl			clemson, south carolina might be kept from playing in bowls there are strong indications that clemson and south carolina will not be allowed to play in bowl games following saturday 's melee between the two teams, sportsline.
3			retailer			in no rush to find next acquisition having just shelled out $ 75 million for china's biggest web retailer, online shopping giant inc. is in no hurry to acquire another company to accelerate its global expansion.
2			coach	football	season			boise state extends contract of football coach hawkins boise state coach dan hawkins signed a five year, $ 2.6 million contract extension tuesday. the deal keeps hawkins under contract through the 2009 season.
2			athletics	game			brands fight for games dollars while chinese athletics were striving for gold at the athens olympics, chinese companies and international firms are competing for the business chances offered by the games.
4			speed	license	technology	high	cell			vodafone unveils high speed net services vodafone group plc launched high speed internet services for mobile phones across much of europe on wednesday, ending a wait of several years since the world's biggest cell phone company spent billions for new wireless licenses at the height of the technology bubble.
4			expo	microsystems	space	stock	system	technology	investment			tech ceos chat about new products, globalization the economic rebound might be sluggish, but technology investments matter more than ever. that's what three of the industry's biggest ceos told 6,500 attendees last week at the gartner symposium and information technology expo, one of the biggest annual gatherings of tech professionals. cisco systems ceo john chambers, intel ceo craig barrett and sun microsystems ceo scott mcnealy also met with usa today reporter michelle kessler to sound off on new technologies, stock options and globalization. here's what they had to say, edited for clarity and space.
1			leader	talk	high			nk 's no. 2 in china to discuss nuke a high level north korean official was to arrive in beijing on monday for talks with chinese leaders on the standoff over pyongyang 's nuclear ambitions and bilateral issues.
4			priority	hardware			sprint serves up samsung smartphone with the economy slowly turning up, upgrading hardware has been on businesses radar in the past 12 months as their number two priority.
2			play	game			china cracks down on i cafes china has closed 1,600 internet cafes and fined operators a total of $ 12 million for letting children play violent games and for other violations, the government said.
4			technology			hitachi tvs to pick up gemstar technology gemstar tv guide and hitachi announce a multiyear deal to bring program guides to digital tvs.
3			microsoft	enterprise	management	sale	version			microsoft releases mom 2005 to manufacturing channel partners say the release of enterprise and smb versions of microsoft operations manager 2005 this week will boost windows management but they re not sure whether it will boost sales.
1			reform	top	election			us intelligence reform 'too fast' former top us officials warn against election year rush to reform us intelligence agencies.
4			human	system	upgrade	software	britain			human error crashed britain 's dwp a software upgrade was inadvertently given to pcs not intended to receive it, which made payment processing systems at britain 's department for work and pensions stop working, eds investigation revealed.
1			president			hu unlikely to ease up on taiwan and hk: analysts president hu jintao could ease china 's hardline stance on taiwan and hong kong now that his predecessor jiang zemin has retired but major policy changes are unlikely, analysts said yesterday.
4			cell			warner, melodeo join for cell phone music downloads melodeo ceo bill valenti said: there 's no denying the market potential for music delivered to mobile phones. in 2003, there were approximately 526 million wireless phones sold.
3			sale			sales tax now a write off on federal taxes got a shoebox full of receipts from purchases you made this year? hold onto them and make sure to have them handy come tax time. congress this week temporarily reinstated a law that gives texans as well
3			sale			telstra chief resigns ahead of privatisation telstras embattled chief executive resigned on wednesday as australias largest telecommunications company prepared for the a $ 30bn sale of the governments remaining shareholding.
3			stock			stocks to watch wednesday stocks to watch on wednesday: forest laboratories inc. frx.n: quote, profile, research . the drug company 's experimental treatment for alzheimer 's failed to prove effective in a big clinical trial.
4			system			eds delays third quarter results electronic data systems corp. delayed releasing its third quarter financial results from monday until nov. 3 to let auditors finish evaluating a money losing contract to provide computer services to the navy.
4			system	fuel			peugeot unveils fuel saving stop start system france's biggest carmaker, psa peugeot citroen, unveiled a new system on tuesday to reduce emissions and save fuel by allowing drivers to cut their engines when they are not moving.
4			enterprise	system	vendor	technology	storage			reconstructing the utility storage system vision since the late 1990s, leading data storage technology vendors have adopted a myopic and largely self serving approach for addressing the two central challenges of enterprise storage: resource provisioning and data
3			investment	stock			quattrone to serve 18 months frank quattrone, whose deal making made him an investment banking star during the internet stock bubble and a multimillionaire, was sentenced yesterday to 18 months in prison for obstructing justice. the sentence makes quattrone, 48, the most prominent wall street figure since junk bond king michael milken to face time behind bars.
3			retailer			gateway lands on another retailer's shelves company is set to sell desktops on compusa's shelves, providing more competition for hp.
1			leader			gop house leaders confident of tax cuts republican house leaders expressed confidence wednesday that they will be able to extend three popular tax cuts that are set to expire at the end of this year.
1			election			election apology starts net feud a website that apologises to the world for the us election results has been hugely successful.
2			season			els looks ahead with promise after major woes after being a frustrated nearly man at this year 's majors, ernie els plans to make the most of a near perfect finish to the 2004 season.
4			british	single	researcher	technology			new technology could yield terabyte optical disks british researchers have developed a scheme to store as much as a terabyte of data on a single video disk equivalent to 472 hours of video.
1			leader	leadership			defense leaders faulted by panel in prison abuse leadership failures at the highest levels contributed to an environment in which detainees were abused, a panel concluded.
4			technology			pushing the male envelope though it seems most sex toys are designed for women, it's the male oriented ones that nudge the technology to new levels. commentary by regina lynn.
3			investor	earnings			intel, yahoo save day for u.s. earnings the scorecard of u.s. corporate earnings ended on a positive note on tuesday with chip maker intel corp. and internet media company yahoo inc reassuring investors that they were still growing despite tough market conditions.
4			team	design	system	server	ship			hp ships itanium team to intel hp will continue to design itanium chipsets and develop the market for its itanium 2 based integrity servers, which it has positioned as a replacement for pa risc systems.
2			coach	season			gilbertson to step down washington coach keith gilbertson, above, will step down at the end of the season and end a difficult two years as rick neuheisel 's replacement.
2			championship			wright 's jab still too much for mosley firing his father led to a better performance for shane mosley against winky wright in their fight for the undisputed super welterweight championship saturday at mandalay bay.
2			basketball	coach	saint	season			saint joseph's extends martelli's contract saint joseph's university extended the contract of men's basketball coach phil martelli on thursday. financial terms of the deal were not disclosed, but the new contract will keep martelli on hawk hill through at least the 2011 12 season.
3			growth			eurozone data to show economy slowing in third quarter: economists paris : eurozone indicators to be released in the coming week should confirm that the pace of economic growth slowed in the third quarter, economists say.
4			management	technology			haemonetics buys blood products line haemonetics corp. acquired harvest technologies corp.'s bloodless surgery station line, in an effort to expand its surgical blood salvage products and to enter the surgical patient management market. haemonetics said it paid an undisclosed amount of cash to buy plymouth based harvest technologies' bloodless surgery station, which is an integrated product for blood conservation and surgical blood salvage. the braintree maker ...
1			election	generation			market as unreliable as the polls this past week will go down as one of the most shocking in the annals of modern american history a once in a generation election, when the most powerful and prescient prognosticator known to man, got it all wrong.
3			share			fonterra proposal is bird in the hand fonterra is aiming for a significant share of the australian dairy foods market, with a bid for one of australia 's largest operators.
4			microsoft	system	linux	software	source	fuel			microsoft revenue up 12 in quarter a microsoft corp. division that competes head to head with the open source linux operating system posted sharply improved financial results, helping to fuel a strong quarter for the redmond software company.
4			patent	technology			eolas patent on web plug in technology rejected the controversial eolas technologies patent looks like it is about to be rescinded by the us patent office. the office has confirmed that it has rejected all of the 10 patent claims that it re examined.
4			ibm	software			ibm exec may become computer associates ceo troubled business software company computer associates international inc. has selected longtime ibm executive john swainson as its new chief executive, the wall street journal reported monday.
4			technology	win	generation			huawei wins 3g contract from telfort huawei technologies, china 's leading telecommunications equipment maker, will build a third generation network for telfort, the dutch mobile operator, its first such contract in europe.
4			inventory	technology	code			symbol tech to delay results symbol technologies , a bar code scanner and handheld computer maker, said on monday it will delay filing its third quarter results, and it revised downward results for the first nine months of the year because of errors in how inventory levels were reported.
2			ball	run	top	hit	baseball	player	fan	sport			record home run hit lands in court in an action that combines america 's love of sport and litigation, two baseball fans have called on the courts to resolve their opposing claims to own the ball with which a top player hit a record 700th home run.
4			software	microsoft	management			cisco, microsoft step up small business push the two tech giants bring corporate level customer management software to mom and pop shops.
1			affair			lawmakers seek to prevent another riggs house and senate members are proposing legislation to slow the revolving door carrying federal regulators into private banks, following revelations of the role played by a former u.s. examiner in the riggs bank affair.
2			basketball	coach	postseason	play			ohio st. extends matta's contract, bans postseason play ohio state athletic director andy geiger announced a one year contract extension for men's head basketball coach thad matta as a direct result of the school imposing a ban on postseason play for 2004 05.
2			play	player			sandisk plays up digital audio devices sandisk releases first digital audio players as it looks to expand the market for flash memory.
2			cup	championship			mcdowell rides old course luck graeme mcdowell, another great talent from the walker cup crop of 1999 01, equalled the course record yesterday and so took the lead in the dunhill links championship.
2			game	shot			shot putters return to ancient site of first games it was a day when the actors took a back seat to the scenery, when the question of who won and who took part was not as significant as where they competed.
4			system	low			cisco unveils new routers for business cisco systems inc. , the biggest maker of network gear for directing internet traffic, on monday said it will introduce a new line of low end routers in the coming weeks aimed at winning more corporate business.
4			content			handango to provide content for nokias preminet us mobile downloads provider handango is to be a content provider through the finnish mobile handset maker nokias preminet solution, making its mobile content available as part of the end to end content distribution and transaction service for mobile
1			leader	president			uruguay elects its first leftist president uruguay has elected its first leftist president, tabare vazquez, who joins a growing list of left leaning leaders in south america.
2			general	race			gm to begin making cadillacs in china general motors said monday it will start making cadillacs in china this year, joining a race by foreign luxury car brands to sell to the country's newly rich elite.
4			science	technology			tiny sensors that can track anything they're small, smart and vigilant, the sort of miniature technology that science fiction writers once dreamed of. but the battery powered, wireless sensors sometimes known as smart dust are here, and they're making their way into the electronic fabric of our lives.
2			play	game			virtual gaming worlds overtake namibia inhabitants of virtual worlds are giving the games they play real economic power, a study has found.
3			buying	share	investor	stock	earnings			asian tech stocks rally, dollar edges up a rally in semiconductor related stocks, including advantest corp., propelled asian shares higher on monday as investors added to a u.s. buying spree and turned optimistic on earnings prospects.
4			police	country	technology			shhh ... do you hear gunfire? police departments around the country turn to sound analysis technology to detect and report gunshots. by amit asaravala.
2			player	cup	england	team			queen honours england rugby stars rugby star jonny wilkinson returned to buckingham palace along with the entire squad of the victorious england world cup team. the 30 players were dressed in tails and waistcoats for their meeting with the queen.
4			linux	feature			sco to launch legal web site will feature an archive of filings and other information related to the company's many legal battles over linux.
3			share			financial firms compare notes on disaster recovery executives at eight leading financial services firms met earlier this year to share their disaster recovery strategies and found that they all face many of the same issues.
2			football			'new beginning' needed the maryland football coaching staff enters the offseason ready to reexamine everything from practice philosophy to its own performance.
2			game			eustachy returns to iowa, but loses game larry eustachy returned to iowa with a new look and a new attitude. he also picked up a technical foul. some things never change.
4			platform	opera	microsoft	software	vendor	version			opera browser to be available for windows mobile norwegian browser vendor opera software said tuesday it has developed a version of its browser for devices using the microsoft windows mobile platform.
4			gate	desktop	microsoft	tool	feature	application			msn joins the desktop search fray microsoft has launched its long anticipated desktop search application, and it's packed with promising features and tools that make it a strong contender coming out the gate.
4			system	development			lockheed martin announces $ 625 million in contracts lockheed martin announced monday that its maritime systems sensors unit has received contracts worth $ 625 million for radar development.
2			champion	race	victory	win	career			albarado wins 3,000th race robby albarado got the 3,000th victory of his career thursday when he rode isle of silver to win the sixth race at fair grounds. albarado, 31, is the defending champion jockey at fair grounds
1			leader	politician	club	attack			arson attack raises fears of anti semitic epidemic in france an arson attack destroyed a jewish social club in the heart of paris yesterday, alarming and infuriating french politicians and jewish leaders who are struggling to halt an epidemic of anti semitic incidents across france.
4			war	piracy	technology			new front: recording of digital broadcasts technologies that let people record satellite and internet radio broadcasts digitally are opening a new front in the recording industry's war on music piracy.
4			speed	frequency	system	technology	feature	ship	pentium			intel speeds up centrino chip intel 's pentium m 765 ships with 2 mb of onboard power managed level 2 cache and a frequency of 2.1 ghz. it also features a 400 mhz system bus and power saving technologies designed to optimize
3			good	inventory	retailer			retailer to follow rfid test with full rollout germany's metro group tested radio tag inventory control for a year and found it good enough to deploy but not perfect.
1			fighting			intel awaits government move on expensing options figuring it's had enough of fighting over options, the chip giant is waiting to see what congress comes up with.
2			pitcher	injury	sport			sports: denney says says go go boots helped prevent serious injury minneapolis cleveland indians pitcher kyle denney says the go go boots he was wearing may have prevented a bullet from seriously injuring his leg.
2			minute	game			how the toy industry is being outplayed by video games this ... left unfettered, anthony konieczka, 9, would happily thumb away at his game boy advance or playstation2 from the minute he gets up to the moment he crawls into bed, 14 bleary eyed hours later.
3			gain	share			mozilla firefox internet browser market share gains to 7.4 the latest survey from shows what was expected. firefox is gaining on internet explorer and pretty rapidly. as per the reports, mozilla foundation has taken a 7.4 market share gaining more than 5 since may.
4			processor			intel prepares for the next 20 years chip maker plans for smaller, faster, less power hungry processors.
3			investment			bayer sells blood products unit $ 590 mln germany 's bayer has agreed to sell its blood products business to us investment firms cerberus and ampersand ventures for about $ 590 million as it continues to narrow the focus of its health care business.
3			investor	leader	share			google edges up as shares set to come onto market shares of web search leader google inc. on monday inched higher a day before the expiration of a restriction period that will allow employees and early investors to sell 39 million shares.
2			tom	coach	game			giants: how they won why it happened tom coughlin won his first game as giants coach and immediately announced a fine amnesty for all giants. just kidding.
4			united	microsoft	suite	system	software			microsoft 29m yuan order lost the beijing municipal government has apparently given in to mounting domestic criticism and withdrawn its recent order for computer operating systems and office suite software from united states giant microsoft.
4			microsoft	tool	software	development	application			borland looks to take on visual studio with diamondback borland software with the planned diamondback release of its delphi tool for windows applications is looking to take on microsoft while accommodating .net, win32 and delphi development, a borland official said on monday at the borcon conference here.
1			parliament	reform	election			ukraine shifts focus to polling booth parliament failed tuesday to agree on constitutional changes and election reforms.
4			system			eds loses $ 153 million in third quarter electronic data systems corp. lost $ 153 million in the third quarter, dragged down by a huge write down of a contract to build a computer network for the navy, and restated some results for last year.
4			system			cisco expands catalyst switching range cisco systems has expanded its range of catalyst switching products and services with the launch of offerings specifically targeted at small and medium sized businesses smbs .
4			technology			search upstart launches site with sights set on google online search engine upstart vivisimo is setting out to convince the masses that google 's vaunted technology isn 't the most efficient way to find things on the internet.
4			system	fund			calpers to disclose venture fees the california public employees' retirement system, the largest us pension fund, agreed to disclose the fees it pays to venture capital and hedge fund managers as part of a legal settlement.
3			investor			types of investors: which are you? learn a little about yourself, and it may improve your performance.
3			sale			apple sells 200 million songs on itunes apple computer inc. on thursday said sales of songs bought from its market leading itunes online music store had topped 200 million, a figure that was about in line with what some analysts had been expecting.
3			sale			intel corp. makes marketing push for centrino chip intel corp. on monday launched a global advertising campaign for its centrino notebook computer chips, aiming to boost sales of a brand that has brought the world's largest chip maker more than $ 3 billion in revenue since its start last year.
4			ibm	technology	win			ibm tops it loyalty survey these days, technology providers take nothing for granted, especially their customers: there are plenty of stories of providers going to extraordinary lengths to win and keep customers.
4			science			fewer women in computer jobs these days but women have increased their representation in all the natural science professions, especially medical science, a study says.
4			system	low			cisco unveils new routers for business cisco systems inc. csco.o: quote, profile, research , the biggest maker of network gear for directing internet traffic, on monday said it will introduce a new line of low end routers
2			team	technology	stadium	high	fan	game	sport			photo gallery: game on for tech gear sports teams are putting high technology into stadiums to attract fans, generate cash and improve standings.
4			technology			bye bye blueprint: 3d modeling catches on three dimensional technology is changing the way buildings are designed and built but the industry will have to change, too.
4			system			siebel to acquire edocs for $ 115 million siebel systems inc. will acquire edocs inc. for $ 115 million to help customers reduce call center and billing costs.
4			hardware	grid	infrastructure	software	vendor	standard	computing			oracle, dell to boost grid standards dell inc. chairman michael dell announced a long term partnership between his company and other hardware and software vendors to develop best practices in deploying a grid computing infrastructure.
3			sale	retailer			oh ho ho, those holiday sales! gavin reynolds rochester, ny 12 03 04 from dawn until dusk retailers are pulling out all the stops to make every weekend like the day after thanksgiving.
4			collaboration	ibm	amd	technology			ibm, amd work to shrink chips ibm and advanced micro devices have tacked a three year extension onto their december 2002 collaboration agreement that could see the two companies work on chip making technologies based on a 32 nanometer process.
4			system	microsoft	version			media center gets a makeover microsoft makes a more concerted move into the living room with a freshened version of its entertainment oriented operating system.
2			injury	team			sa skipper smith suffers foot injury kolkata: south african skipper graeme smith suffered an injury to his left foot in a minor accident near the team hotel here today.
2			team	hockey	captain	win	cup	match			sweden opens hockey world cup with win over germany toronto maple leafs captain mats sundin shone in sweden's opening 5 2 win over germany at the world cup of hockey tuesday, scoring once and providing two assists in a match with contrasting team tactics.
4			patent	game	technology	lawsuit			sony to pay $ 82 million in patent case immersion filed a lawsuit against sony computer and sony computer entertainment of america, claiming that the japanese company used its game technology in the playstation game consoles without the company 's approval.
4			computing	technology			hotlines: blue man group returns in 120 mil. centrino campaign intel is reintroducing the blue man group, not used since 2001, in a campaign for its centrino mobile technology for wireless computing.
4			user	microsoft	system	upgrade	software			microsoft urges browser security upgrade at a cost the software giant will stop offering security upgrades of its troubled internet explorer web browser to users of older windows operating systems.
4			developer	source			bbc wants help with dirac codec number ten ox writes according to the register the bbc wants help to develop their open source video codec dirac. lead developer dr.
4			player	high	hardware	switch			cisco plans to open a r center in japan cisco is continuing their plans to establish a dominating position in the japanese market. they recently signed a hardware deal with local player fujitsu to manufacture high end routers and switches for the local market.
4			software	sale			i confess. i'm a software pirate. i'm guilty. i'm a software pirate! not just one or two copies of dos but probably hundreds of thousands of dollars worth of software. growing up my parents didn't have much money. certainly not hundred of thousands of dollars for me to blow on software. i was curious and had a passion for computers that i couldn't control. i simply wanted to learn and couldn't afford to pay for software. luckily i did this when i was a kid so hopefully i won't be prosecuted. i also believe that everything i did was ethical. i didn't take any money out of the hands of the software industry and i've already contributed way more to the industry than a few hundred thousand in software sales. this is th ...
4			gate	technology			intel claims 65 nanometre breakthrough chip giant intel is expected to announce today that it has succeeded in producing an sram using 65 nanometre technology. the chip circuit gates are also a third smaller than using the current 90 nanometre process technology, intel will claim.
2			fan	game	sport	generation			espn to launch mobile phone service in sprint deal walt disney co.'s espn sports television network is launching its own brand of mobile telephone service in a deal with sprint corp. catering to sports fans with news and game highlights on a next generation network, the companies said on wednesday.
3			buyback	sale	share			wmc says moves are business as usual the chief executive of wmc resources has denied the company 's share buyback and the sale of part of its business is designed to undermine a takeover offer from swiss based xstrata.
4			download	microsoft	system	software	server			microsoft seals windows in server 2003 microsoft quote, chart has issued significant security enhancements to its operating system software, making the windows server 2003 sp1 release candidate 1 rc1 available for download.
1			reform			us senate confirms porter goss as cia head the us senate confirmed representative porter goss, who led efforts in congress to reform intelligence gathering, as head of the central intelligence agency for which he once worked as a spy.
4			hacker	software			hackers target french isp's site a hacker compromised the corporate web site of france telecom sa's isp subsidiary earlier this week, causing the site to try to install a malicious software program on visitors' computers.
4			content			new google service may strain old ties in bookselling allowing consumers to search the content of books online could shift the balance of power between companies that produce books and those that sell them.
4			use	user	feature			google adds pop3 support to gmail google has announced plans to beef up its gmail service with pop, or post office protocol, over the next couple of weeks. the feature, announced yesterday, will allow users to use other
1			election			judge tosses fla. e voting paper trail suit florida will not be forced to create a paper record in case of recounts in elections on touch screen voting machines, a federal judge ruled monday.
3			growth			la. reports first cases of soybean rust the first u.s. cases of the fungus soybean rust, which hinders plant growth and drastically cuts crop production, were found at two research sites in louisiana, officials said wednesday.
2			coach	football	sport			spanish racism row rumbles on spanish football coach luis aragones faces a disciplinary hearing as the row into racism within spanish football rumbles on, as sports daily reported on saturday.
4			cell			vodafone launches 3g services in europe cell phone giant vodafone group plc, which has spent years struggling to recoup billions spent on 3g licences, finally launched the cutting edge service wednesday in much of europe and introduced or beefed up its operation in a dozen other
1			leader	election	parliament	opposition			ukraine speaker: keep poisoning out of campaign ukraine's influential parliament speaker called on monday for a scandal over the poisoning of opposition leader viktor yushchenko to be kept out of the country's presidential election campaign.
1			president			ysl chief replaces santucci at gucci robert polet, chief executive of the gucci group, named company veteran mark lee to the post of president and managing director of the gucci division, moving quickly to
4			system	software			avaya agrees to buy germany's tenovis business communications software provider avaya inc. said tuesday that it agreed to purchase tenovis gmbh co., a german provider of voice and data communications systems for european small and mid sized business customers, from affiliates of kohlberg kravis roberts co.
2			fan	team	series			nets' owner staying a stormy course bruce ratner now spends his time trying to convince fans not to abandon a team that abandoned kenyon martin in a series of jumbled decisions last summer.
3			management	airway			us airways pilots resume negotiations us airways pilots resumed negotiations wednesday with management on a new labor contract with the bankrupt airline, even as the company made clear that it will now be seeking greater concessions.
4			gate	microsoft	country	technology	cooperation	access			gates, unesco sign computer access deal microsoft corp. chairman bill gates signed a cooperation agreement with unesco on wednesday to improve access to computers, the internet and information technology training in developing countries.
4			application	system	microsoft	patch			news: seven critical in ms october patch batch microsoft yesterday released 10 new security bulletins to fix multiple components in its windows operating system and applications.
4			sale	feature			museum puts life, truth and, it hopes, sales in a wine a new museum in italy features exhibits that show the link between wine and the place it comes from.
1			democrat	pas	president			hastert launches a partisan policy in scuttling major intelligence legislation that he, the president and most lawmakers supported, speaker j. dennis hastert last week enunciated a policy in which congress will pass bills only if most house republicans back them, regardless of how many democrats favor them.
4			technology			disney backs sony dvd technology film giant disney says it will produce its future dvds using sony 's blu ray disc technology, but has not ruled out a rival format developed by toshiba.
3			chain			how i got that schwag: a boldfaced online spree is there anyone more stylish in new york than gimm mur schwg, the chain smoking fashion editor of boldface names?.
3			expense	profit	value	stock			options rule delayed for companies in us american companies were granted a six month delay wednesday on the deadline for reporting the value of stock options granted to employees as an expense a change that would delay the reduction in reported profits for many companies, particularly in the
1			debate			senate moves forward with corporate tax cuts after a day long attempt to delay action, the senate moved forward sunday with debate on a $ 136 billion corporate tax cut package.
2			player			sony: a bight picture? it was once the crown jewel of the sony empire. but for years now the japanese company 's consumer electronics division responsible for everything from tvs to walkmans to dvd players has been a disaster.
4			software	microsoft			microsoft helps in bogus degrees case with help from software giant microsoft corp., officials tracked down two brothers who authorities say sold bogus college degrees over the internet, including an mba that was issued to a housecat.
4			content	java	master	system	software	game	application			nokia plans one stop content shop for mobile networks preminet is nokia 's name for a new delivery system for mobile content, such as games and other applications. gathering together in to one master catalogue a whole range of java and symbian os software, it
2			football	play	night	coach	game			bizarre monday night football message coach dick vermeil stands alone in his office, anxiously looking one last time at the play list he has scripted for his monday night game against indianapolis.
3			chain	sale			chain store sales fell in oct 23 week u.s. chain store sales fell in the third week of october, with sales being delayed by the summer like weather, a report said on tuesday.
4			generation			exelon to sell power generation assets to dynegy exelon corp. exc.n: quote, profile, research on tuesday said it would sell some of its sithe power generation assets to dynegy inc.
4			desktop	software	microsoft			comcast deal gives microsoft entry into cable tv comcast is giving microsoft something the software giant has struggled to get on its own: an easy way to expand from the desktop computer to the home entertainment center.
4			virus	app	president	technology			hp virus throttler not intended to be a silver bullet hp 's virus throttler technology, due early next year, won 't be the killer app, the silver bullet, that will stop viruses in their tracks, tony redmond, vice president and chief technology officer of hp services, cautioned tuesday at hp 's security event
4			speed			ice collapse speeds up glaciers the larsen b ice shelf probably blocked the glaciers progress before its collapse in 2002, but now they are able to deposit their loads more freely.
4			system	standard			geektech: here comes btx new industry standard should offer cooler, quieter systems so why isn't anybody rushing to embrace it?
2			final	meter	sport			sports headlines from the summer olympics saturday marks the final day of swimming at the 2004 olympics and even though american michael phelps will not be in the pool for the 400 meter medley relay he will have a chance to tie an incredible record.
4			system	database			8 firms vie for pieces of air force contract the real competition is about to begin for the eight government contractors picked to update the air force 's communication systems modernizing databases and giving forces in battle better
4			investment	technology			panel: government backing for supercomputers can benefit business corporate america needs to find ways to leverage government investments in powerful supercomputers to make sure the technology finds its way into the private sector, according to a panel at this week's sc2004 supercomputing conference.
4			microsoft	suite	software	developer	application			microsoft targets midmarket with navision update microsoft corp. is building on its 2002 buy of danish business application developer navision a s with the release monday of its first major product built on the navision software suite.
4			priority	hardware	switch			netgear unveils 48 port gigabit smart switch with the economy slowly turning up, upgrading hardware has been on businesses radar in the past 12 months as their number two priority.
4			infrastructure	priority	identity	enterprise	project			unisys boosts coo to ceo this fourth priority 's main focus has been enterprise directories as organizations spawn projects around identity infrastructure.
1			talk			caribbean island revelers mourn victims thousands of partygoers showed up for this sleepy island's annual new year's eve bash that is the talk of the caribbean, swelling the population twentyfold. but this year the merriment came under the shadow of the asian tsunami.
4			networking	technology	wifi	ship	storage			iomega preps wifi storage solution iomega is soon expected to ship its first network attached storage nas device based on wireless networking technology. called the nas 100d, the product will be marketed as an entry level
3			chain	sale	second			dillard 's posts narrower loss in 2q dillard 's inc. reported that its loss narrowed in the second quarter to nearly half of what it was a year ago, but it was still far more than wall street expected as the chain was dragged down by sluggish sales.
2			coach	game	team	plea			domenech pleads with zidane and thuram to return both say no france coach raymond domenech made a last ditch plea with zinedine zidane and lilian thuram, asking them to rejoin the team for two crucial games.
4			database	tool	ibm	developer	integration			big blue absorbs venetica in move to strengthen information ... in a move it says will strengthen its bid to dominate information integration markets, ibm announced thursday that it was acquiring venetica, a charlotte based developer of database integration tools.
4			system			cisco to acquire network monitoring firm netsolve cisco systems announced it is acquiring netsolve, which provides real time monitoring of the performance of corporate data networks.
4			infrastructure	technology			nokia, nec test ip multimedia interoperability two industry heavyweights have completed interoperability tests of a new technology designed to drive the convergence of voice, data, and video services over wireless and fixed infrastructure based on the internet protocol.
4			ship	technology	storage			100gb notebook drives arrive hitachi global storage technologies hgst will ship new 2.5 inch hard drives with capacities up to 100gb for notebooks by the end of 2004, the company said today.
4			project			barrett: intel scraps projection tv chip on again, off again. intel nasdaq: intc news people has canceled a project to create a chip for projection tvs. the announcement perhaps wasn 't much of a surpise.
4			user			search engine personalization the fallout the fallout there has been a lot of discussion recently about search engine personalization, with search engines such as yahoo! and google experimenting with factoring in profile information to adjust search results based on relevance to a specific user rather than just giving the exact same results ...
4			technology			analysts can 't peg google com september 28, 2004, 9:54 am pt. there 's no doubt the internet will continue to make its mark in the world of business and technology.
3			investor	share			introgen sells additional shares introgen therapeutics inc. reported friday that it raised an additional $ 7.8 million from the same european institutional investors with whom it placed shares wednesday.
2			title			charitable champ takes it easy on de la hoya coming into this middleweight title bout, which turned out to be more mega event than mega fight, oscar de la hoya called bernard hopkins a bully.
4			user	software	hit			spammers get taste of their own medicine internet users are being given the chance to hit back at the spammers that have become the scourge of the web, thanks to free software being distributed by lycos europe, the internet portal.
2			race	side	win	britain	sport			radcliffe, ramaala win nyc marathon new york, ny sports network great britain 's paula radcliffe captured the new york city marathon in the closest ever women 's finish in the history of the race, while hendrik ramaala of south africa won the men 's side.
4			use	system	trick			hackers use old tricks to sting business more than half of the latest vulnerabilities to it systems are commonly identified loopholes that organisations have failed to fix, since discovering them last year.
2			coach	raven	game	patriot			they'll take a wait and see approach while some injured patriots were either practicing or working out yesterday, coach bill belichick said it was too early to tell if they'd be available for tomorrow's game with the ravens.
2			team	nation	streak	player	high	game			de la salle players accept end of streak the players and coaching staff of de la salle high accepted the end of the streak. one day after the california team had its 151 game winning streak, the nation 's longest, snapped
4			design	ibm			ibm reassures workers after milestone china deal during an ibm employee meeting here wednesday, a worker got up and asked a question that perhaps only 10 years ago would have been unthinkable: if he wanted to keep his job helping to design some of the world's most advanced computers, would he have to move to china?
4			technology			google wants to improve web browsers google wants to improve web browsers google yesterday responded to the buzz over , the mythical google powered web browser that bloggers and forums have been buzzing over. in a statement to the indian press, google said that it was engaged in developing technology that was aimed at bringing about improvements ...
4			software			apache software foundation may hire full time, paid staff the apache software foundation, which now relies on volunteers to stay in operation, may soon have full time, paid employees, including an executive director.
4			country	development			finnish students rank 1 in the world which country has the smartest students in the world? according to a study conducted by the organization for economic co operation and development, pupils in finland tested higher than those in any other country.
3			share			chalone to go private yesterday, shares of chalone wine group nasdaq: chln rose some 13 following the announcement that 46 owner domaines barons de rothschild lafite , after months
4			project			intel cancels projection tv chip project in another change of plans, semiconductor giant intel corp. canceled a project thursday to develop a chip for projection tvs and said it planned to focus its resources in other areas.
2			system	fan	game			excel powers advanced halo 2 stats system an unlikely union of halo 2 and excel has been capturing the interest of statistically minded xbox live fans for whom 's seven day online game stats service just isn 't detailed enough.
3			stock			climbing back up mary meeker can tell you first hand about bubbles bursting. for much of the 1990s, she was called queen of the net, for her knack for picking tech stocks and helping companies like netscape go public.
4			hardware	microsoft	system	tool	software	single	management	patch	server	application			dell, microsoft integrate patch management apps dell inc. and microsoft corp. said monday they are working together to integrate their systems management applications to allow customers to update server hardware and software with a single tool.
1			crisis	minister			italian transport minister in call to unions over alitalia crisis italian transport minister pietro lunardi urged trade unions to cooperate in efforts to end the crisis at alitalia, warning that the government had already done all it could.
2			team			vizquel signs with san francisco free agent shortstop omar vizquel signed a three year contract with the san francisco giants on sunday. per team policy, financial terms were not disclosed.
3			buying	share			borgwarner takes over supplier beru us automotive company borgwarner inc. said monday it is buying a controlling stake in german supplier beru ag and would make an offer for the remaining shares in a nearly $ 800 million deal that it hopes will strengthen its position with global automakers.
4			system	access			verizon launches 'iobi' service verizon communications inc. yesterday launched a new $ 7.95 a month messaging and call forwarding service that lets people get many of the benefits of advanced internet phone systems, even if they have only conventional telephone lines and dial up net access or no computer at all.
3			shareholder	earnings			m m! m m! could be better! campbell soup company nyse: cpb shareholders, when seeing today 's first quarter earnings report, probably said, m m!
4			processor			palmone announces new breed treo palmone 's updated treo, the treo 650, will employ a new processor, have a sharper display and flash memory, as the company continues to improve its flagship product.
1			president			taiwan offers compromise on direct china links taiwan president chen shui bian proposed on tuesday to define direct transport links with rival china as cross strait routes, in a bid to bypass a longstanding political dispute, but beijing is likely to ignore him.
2			game	top			greek athlete tests positive for drugs greek pride was dealt another blow on friday when one of their athletes failed a drugs test at the olympics just 48 hours after its two top sprinters pulled out of the games in a doping scandal.
4			use	trick	technology	development			intel targets nanotechnology for future chip development intel plans to use novel materials and manufacturing processes to develop smaller and faster computer chips once current technologies no longer do the trick.
4			siemens	dow	technology	generation			malaysia maxis, siemens sign 3g technology deal kuala lumpur dow jones maxis communications bhd. monday signed an agreement for siemens mobile networks, asia pacific to provide third generation, or 3g, technology for the malaysian mobile phone operator over the next three years.
2			season	league	game	sport			fox sports net to televise afl games fox sports networks will carry arena league regular season games on 11 of its regional networks in a deal announced thursday.
4			system	linux	use	computing	storage			linux networx lands 40 million funding linux networx closed on a 40 million funding and unveiled a new scalable storage system engineered for use with its linux networx computing systems.
3			buying	value			computer associates buys netegrity at $ 430m value computer associates nyse: ca announced on wednesday that it was buying netegrity nasdaq: nete at a value of $ 430 million, or $ 10.
4			technology			mmo2, lucent to deploy converged fixed mobile network on isle of ... uk mobile operator mmo2 and us telecoms equipment maker lucent technologies are to deploy a converged fixed mobile network for mmo2 's subsidiary, manx telecom, on the isle of man.
3			growth			stanley swaps doors for locks stanley works tries to keep growth going by focusing on businesses that keep baddies out.
4			technology			nortel loses about $ 250 million us in third quarter, half due to ... nortel networks released preliminary financial results tuesday showing the technology company lost about $ 250 million us in the third quarter, about half of that due to the starup costs of a major contract in india.
1			party	democrat	point	election			nerd party needed to replace 'left wing' democrats, says area man election 2004 point and click
4			pas	system	ottawa	technology	institute	defence	scientist			u.s. expert says canadians should know missile defence won't work ottawa cp washington is putting subtle, but real pressure on canada to join a proposed missile defence system that won't work anyway, an american scientist says. ted postol, a physicist from the massachusetts institute of technology, says u.s. authorities warn that canada will lose its say in continental defence if it takes a pass on the missile system.
3			use	retailer			amazon expands web services efforts online retailer broadened its web services efforts on monday by releasing additional guidelines and data designed for use by people and companies building links to its site.
2			player	season			department stores step back to electronic future some of the biggest fashion trends at department stores this holiday season have more to do with mp3 players than cashmere ponchos or fur trimmed sweaters.
4			generation	general	technology	high	standard			thomson to support next generation dvd formats short for high definition dvd, a generic term for the technology of recording high definition video on a dvd. in general, hd dvd is capable of storing between two and four times as much data as standard dvd.
2			nba	fan	game			sprewell suspended latrell sprewell was suspended for one game by the nba on tuesday for yelling a sexual vulgarity at a female fan during a game.
2			night	game			triumphant olympics end with pride, relief efharisto! a nervous world learned the greek word for thank you and repeated it endlessly at an astonishingly successful athens olympics that quelled fears, surprised skeptics and greatly honored the birthplace of the games. fireworks and spectacular lighting kicked off the closing ceremony sunday night, a two hour extravaganza of folk dancing and music in the olympic tradition that summed up the glee and relief the games brought to greece...
4			server			ntp in debian the network time daemon ntp daemon implementation within debian leaves a lot to be desired. first off they don't include it with a working config. you have to create your own etc to make matters worse the configuration doesn't accept dns names so you have to manually enter ips. fun. i can understand that they might not want to provide one configuration and overwhelm one or two ntp servers but they can provide a dynamic config that balances load among all available servers. there is of course the public serves list but you have to google for it. all you really need to do here is enter a list of servers: server server 192.43.244.18
4			platform	microsystems			sun extends multi platform services offerings sun microsystems has entered into an agreement to acquire sevenspace, a privately held company based in ashburn, va. sevenspace will broaden sun 's managed services offerings to include heterogeneous environments
4			creator	grid	software	standard	computing	source			grid pioneers to launch company the creators of the widely used globus toolkit have formed a company to provide commercial software, services and support for the open source software that has become the de facto standard for grid computing.
4			technology	price			japan's flat screen tv makers under pressure to cut costs: analysts falling prices may be making flat screen televisions more appealing to consumers who covet the latest in technology, but analysts warn companies producing them will have to adjust quickly or risk losing out.
3			system	earnings	finance			boeing unit to sell hawaiian air claim boeing capital corp., the finance unit of aircraft maker and aerospace defense systems provider boeing co., said thursday that the recent agreements reached on its claims against insolvent hawaiian airlines will not affect the company 's earnings or cash
3			producer	stock			goldcorp agrees to buy wheaton river for $ 1.8 bln goldcorp inc., canada 's fourth largest gold producer, has agreed to buy wheaton river minerals ltd. for $ 1.8 billion in stock, giving goldcorp its first assets outside of north america, chief executive robert r. mcewen said.
4			software	networking	hardware	technology			3com to buy tippingpoint in cash deal networking hardware and software maker 3com corp. said monday that it agreed to buy tippingpoint technologies inc. for $ 430 million in cash in a move to strengthen its security offerings for business customers.
3			growth	sale			us jobs and sales figures indicate weakening economy the us labor department on friday issued its employment report for november, showing slower job growth than had been expected. only 112,000 new jobs were created, compared to forecasts of 180,000.
2			soccer	team			racist taunts rattle european soccer professional soccer teams, their national and international governing bodies and anti racism groups have been grappling with a number of incidents around europe over the last month.
1			election			nova scotia backbencher to introduce bill to elect senate replacements halifax cp a nova scotia government backbencher is stepping forward to try to fulfil a promise made by premier john hamm to hold elections for senate vacancies.
4			measure	talk	mail	technology			ownership of anti spam measure queried at talks internet companies have begun to change the way e mail works in order to weed out spam, but experts on tuesday clashed over whether the underlying technology should be controlled by any one company.
4			platform	team	system	single	application			enigma teams with daimlerchrysler, t systems on parts and repair platform daimlerchrysler's new system, xentry, will replace multiple applications with a single web based system that gives mechanics a real time integrated view of parts, service diagnostic and corporate information.
2			game	championship			after games pressure, world short course presents different ... after the pressure of the olympic games, training for the world short course swim championships was a challenge for victoria 's rick say.
4			standard			dvd hd dvd combo developed memory tech corp. and toshiba have announced that they have developed a dual layer disc that can store both standard dvd and hd dvd formats, on different layers.
1			race	minister	prime	president	opposition			ukraine's kuchma calls for calm on eve of poll ukraine's outgoing president on saturday implicitly called on people to vote for his prime minister in a close presidential race and told them to shun any protests urged by the opposition candidate.
3			retailer			small businesses find they can live with big box stores fears that big box stores would devastate independent retailers and suck the life out of canada 's downtown main streets appear overblown.
4			top	hardware			hardware slump predicted more tin makers are going to crash and burn with three of the top 10 pc makers being squeezed out of the market by 2007, gartner has repeated for the third time so far this month.
3			good			thanks and good riddance to sir bobby who do you think is more disappointed by the departure of sir bobby of robson? do you think it will be the news of the world or barclaycard?
3			share			india offers tax concessions to exporters the government offered tax concessions to exporters and proposed the creation of free trade zones in a plan unveiled tuesday aimed at doubling india 's share of global trade in five years.
4			crm	microsoft	tool	software	application			microsoft shows small business software new navision 4.0 application includes financial, e commerce, and crm tools.
2			coach	football			reports say meyer is gone amid widespread media reports that he has accepted the job as head football coach at the university of florida, utah 's urban meyer was at his home friday afternoon in sandy, a suburb of salt lake city.
2			football	ron	season	coach	game			college football games on tv georgia 6 1 vs. florida 4 3 when, where: tomorrow, 3:30 p.m., at jacksonville, fla. tv : ch. 4. ap rankings: georgia is no. 10. last season: florida won, 16 13. comments: it's the beginning of the end for florida coach ron zook, who was fired monday after a 38 31 upset loss to mississippi state last week. florida has won 13 of the ...
4			goal	software	management	project			q a: artemis ceo on aligning it projects, business goals artemis international solutions has developed software that supports it portfolio management, project management, activity based costing and balanced scorecard activities.
2			game			paralympic drug scandal prompts warning paralympics boss phil craven today warned of a zero tolerance policy towards drugs cheats after he was confronted with the first doping scandal of the athens games before the event has even started.
3			investor	project			trump led group may invest $ 3 bil. in incheon a group of investors, including donald trump jr., plan to invest $ 3 billion to develop yeongjong island in incheon, a korean legislator has said, part of a government project to create a northeast asian logistics hub.
3			share			googles googly despite wall streets carping in recent weeks and having landed in trouble for failing to register as many as $ 3 billion worth of shares , googles young founders have landed on their feet.
4			science	infrastructure	priority	identity	enterprise	project			computer sciences inks $ 1.35 billion deal this fourth priority 's main focus has been enterprise directories as organizations spawn projects around identity infrastructure.
4			science	platform	tool	mac	management	scientist			the right tools for research now with centralized management of their more than 1000 mac, pc and unix computers, scientists at the university of maryland 's college of life sciences have more freedom than ever to focus on their research. for many of them, the mac platform is all they need. dec 16
1			leader			dutch candour rijkman groenink has learnt the hard way. the abn amro chief executive admits frankly that his inexperience as a leader lay behind over ambition and mistakes when he took over at the dutch bank 4years ago.
4			technology	generation			toshiba to unveil hd dvd laptops in 2005 paper japan's toshiba corp. 6502.t will introduce laptop computers with hd dvd technology in december 2005, aiming to pressure rivals in the battle over formats for next generation dvds, the nihon keizai daily said on wednesday.
2			game			nbc finishes summer games like a champ after a disastrous performance in sydney, nbc proved its olympic mettle with multi network, vastly expanded coverage that both did better and was better.
4			technology	generation			disney backs sony dvd technology the battle over next generation dvds hot ups, with disney opting for a technology developed by sony.
4			user			court rejects child porn internet law a federal court yesterday struck down as unconstitutional a path breaking pennsylvania law designed to prevent internet users from seeing web sites that contain child pornography.
2			game			london calling to the ioc the national and international promotion of london 's bid to host the 2012 olympic games began yesterday with 200,000 people lining the streets of the capital and partying in trafalgar square.
3			chain			krispy kreme posts net loss after charges struggling doughnut shop chain krispy kreme doughnuts inc. kkd.n: quote, profile, research on monday reported a quarterly net loss because of impairment charges and store closing costs.
1			corruption	president			uk 'hiding zimbabwe bankers' president robert mugabe accuses the uk of sheltering three bankers accused of corruption.
2			team			rain in spain doesn 't dampen spirits it may have been raining outside in seville today but it didn 't dampen the mood of either the spanish or american teams, as they appeared before the world 's press.
2			game			pacers 103, knicks 97 crawford and knicks take one on the chin the clouds gathered again over the knicks on saturday, just days after they pushed them away. on the first stop of a four game trip that is threatening to derail their
3			investor	trader	software			traders bet on oracle's peoplesoft bid options traders have been building bullish positions in peoplesoft inc. psft.o as investors bet a federal judge will approve oracle corp.'s hostile takeover bid of the business software maker, traders said on monday.
4			software	patch	database			oracle delivers delayed patches database software maker oracle pushed out a host of long awaited patches after struggling to organize its software fixes into a monthly release schedule.
4			tool	software	linux	development	high	computing	version	source			sgi works on linux performance software sgi begins work on an open source version of a development tool for high performance computing programmers.
2			season			tsa asks air travelers to partner on security screening during ... the head of the transportation security administration tsa today encouraged air travelers to become partners over the holiday season in ensuring security and minimizing passenger wait times at screening checkpoints.
2			round	championship	champion	play	match			lackluster els slips behind drummond at wentworth defending champion ernie els trailed unheralded briton scott drummond by one hole midway through their first round match in the world match play championship at wentworth on thursday.
2			game	football	showdown	sport			clash over internet sports photos britains big football leagues and daily newspapers are circling each other in a showdown over game photos on internet sites.
4			software	vendor			peoplesoft denies execs visited oracle peoplesoft inc. on tuesday denied an analyst report that its executives recently met with oracle corp. , the rival software vendor that last year launched a hostile bid for peoplesoft.
4			science			sci fi paints a pretty picture whether you're into science fiction's predicted future or just like bizarre creatures, here's an art show for you. rachel metz reports from new york.
4			software	microsoft	license			us air force deploys microsoft and dell the us air force has awarded a $ 500m, six year contract to microsoft corp and dell corp, to update and consolidate 38 software licenses across multiple sites on more than 525,000 machines.
2			race			japanese gp set to go ahead on sunday sunday 's japanese gp looks set to go ahead as planned after the feared typhoon largely bypassed suzuka on saturday. with fears of torrential rain and 110mph winds, qualifying for the race was postponed for 24 hours.
4			linux	software	technology	red	distributor			red hat buys netscape technology red hat nasdaq: rhat , the u.s. linux distributor, said it will buy a number of software assets from america online.
2			sport	fuel			japanese cars tops fuel efficiency list japanese vehicles dominate the government's annual list of vehicles with the best fuel economy, but ford motor co. can claim the most fuel efficient pickup and sport utility vehicle.
4			software	share			oracle ups peoplesoft offer to $ 24 per share oracle, which is in the midst of a hostile takeover attempt of rival peoplesoft, on monday raised its offer for the smaller software company by $ 3 per share to $ 24 per share.
4			enterprise	tool	sharing	file	use	application			imlogic launches free im, p2p blocker imlogic inc. on tuesday launched a free tool to let enterprises detect and block the use of instant messaging, peer to peer file sharing networks and voice over ip applications within their walls.
4			user	software	application	version			siebel taps motive software to improve usability siebel nasdaq: sebl has been on a mission to lower the tco of its applications since last year's release of 7.5.3, a version that concentrated mainly on cost savings modifications and other user friendly improvements.
4			generation	ibm	technology	use	cell	version			sony, ibm, and toshiba reveal more plans for cell chip the four companies developing the cell microprocessor released a few more details about the chip on monday and with them a surprise: first generation versions of the device won't be built on a cutting edge production technology into which the companies have sunk billions of dollars, but on a technology already in widespread use today.
4			desktop	tool			there 's google. then there 's google desktop the logic behind google goog desktop search is simple enough: why shouldn 't the best tool for finding things on the web do equally well at helping people search their own computers?
2			team			don 't blame berti brown former scotland manager craig brown insists berti vogts is not to blame for a lack of motivation in the international team. the future of the german is the subject of intense speculation with the scottish
4			system	software	developer			cisco to acquire p cube for $ 200 million cisco systems inc. said monday it has agreed to acquire sunnyvale, california, software developer p cube inc. in a cash and options deal cisco valued at $ 200 million.
1			politics	election			boeing says wto action not tied to us election the us complaint at the world trade organization over loans by european governments to european rival airbus isn 't driven by election politics, boeing chief executive harry stonecipher said yesterday.
1			talk			mylan says icahn talks not in co 's best interests mylan laboratories inc. myl.n: quote, profile, research on monday said its board does not believe discussions with financier carl icahn 's about his unsolicited proposal to buy the company are in the company 's best interests.
4			election	tool	system	technology	development	use	source			e voting sceptics use web to monitor election for technology experts concerned about how electronic voting systems will perform on election day, what better tools to use to monitor the situation than those of their trade: the web and open source development.
4			software			paypal overcomes glitches paypal nasdaq: pypl says it has recovered from the software glitches that disrupted the online payment service starting friday, october 8th.
3			use	good			i love firefox but can 't escape explorer if i want to use the online banking services, i have to use ie. why? no good reason i can fathom. heaven knows ie isn 't more secure than firefox oh, were it so!
4			developer	good	software	source			keeping the open source spirit alive in a commercial world in theory, the open source concept is simple, elegant, almost utopian: thousands of developers contributing their skills to continually improve and refine a piece of software for the common good.
3			sale	retailer			dixons to stop selling vcrs dixons, the uk 's largest electrical retailer, has today announced plans to phase out the sale of video recorders by the end of the year.
1			leader	dream	opposition			hatch 's bill for tuition breaks for undocumented immigrants ... sen. orrin hatch, r utah, has inserted his dream act into the budget authorization for the justice department, bypassing opposition from republican leaders who have refused
3			growth			job growth sluggish in september the us economy experienced another month of disappointing job growth in september, adding to the trend of lackluster hiring that has made this one of the weakest labor market recoveries in modern history.
4			defence	software	suite			security software targets windows based phones and pdas trend micro is offering free trials of its new security software for mobile phones and pdas. trend micro 's mobile security suite offers antivirus and anti spam defence for the more sophisticated phones and
1			party	pledge			fewer pledge to swap votes thousands plan to take part this year in an online effort that lets backers of third party candidates in swing states trade votes with people in less critical locations. but overall participation is lower than in 2000. by joanna glasner.
2			champion	team	exhibition	season			another step along the way the unofficial exhibition season disclaimer for defending champions and lottery teams alike reads as follows:
4			user			a site for banner ad freaks most internet users try to ignore banner ads, but web designer tari akpodiete can't stop collecting them. she's put her collection of 15,000 ad samples online for all who care to look. by daniel terdiman.
4			system			linksys goes dual band on wi fi with its eyes on the future of home entertainment and a relatively uncluttered band of radio spectrum, cisco systems inc. 's linksys division on wednesday unveiled a line of ieee 802.
3			stock			busch zooms to front in qualifying sometimes things are not as they seem, and on those days, stock car events are impossible to predict. the driver who won the pole for sundays ford 400 had qualified 22nd, 21st, seventh
4			assembly	technology	source			micron plans to build chinese plant in 2005, says report micron technology inc., the leading us based memory maker, is planning to build a test and assembly facility in china, according to an associated press report monday oct. 18 , which cited a company executive in shanghai as its source.
4			platform	enterprise	project	source			jboss introduces workflow engine for bpm jboss jbpm signifies another major step for jboss, as we continue to build out a complete open source middleware platform of loosely coupled projects all backed by enterprise grade services
4			park	high	technology			infineon to build $ 1b malaysian fab infineon technologies ag today said it would build a new front end production plant in kulim high tech park, malaysia, at a cost of $ 1 billion.
4			user			trojan logs e banking habits security experts say they have discovered a trojan horse that records e banking user details and web surfing habits. antivirus company sophos is warning that the banker aj trojan is targeting online customers
4			team	technology			netflix, tivo partner to offer online films netflix, tivo team up to work with hollywood studios to develop technology for the delivery of video programming over the internet.
3			investment			investcorp to buy thomson media for $ 350m investcorp sa, a private investment firm, has inked a $ 350 million all cash deal to buy 54 business publications put on the block by the thomson corp.
3			investment	fund	management			firm guilty of declaring false shelter a federal judge ruled yesterday that long term capital management, the giant investment fund that nearly imploded in 1998 and received a $ 3.
2			team			ferrari from the firing pan into the fire the ferrari team did not bother to attend the meeting of the formula 1 team bosses in london today and so it could not take part in the discussions surrounding the subject of testing.
1			regime			teammates unhappy with bryant regime what were the lakers thinking this summer when they let kobe bryant dictate whom the lakers acquired in the offseason? everyone knows that they were desperate to re sign bryant, but once you give
4			desktop	microsoft	tool	technology	application			ask jeeves joins quest for desktop search dominance ask jeeves nasdaq: askj will launch its own desktop search tool on wednesday, amid the hoopla over similar announcements from google, microsoft nasdaq: msft and yahoo nasdaq: yhoo . the ask jeeves desktop application is based on technology it obtained through the acquisition of privately owned tuckaroo in june.
4			standard			these traffic numbers are real tens of thousands of web publishers are too small to show up on industry standard traffic reports, so they can't attract advertisers. but i pro, a small traffic auditing firm, says it can change all that. commentary by adam l. penenberg.
4			standard	java	generation			nokia and vodafone link on mobile java standards nokia and vodafone have begun a mobile service architecture initiative to help define the next generation of mobile java standards.
4			war	application	project	developer			thunderbird, firefox, and transitional applications these last few months have been extremely exciting for the talented developers at the mozilla project. their firefox browser has re ignited the browser wars and done what no one thought possible taken
2			title	championship	final	nation	team	hockey	cup	game			canadian women 's hockey team advances to four nations cup final ... the canadian women 's hockey team will try to regain the four nations cup title sunday after beating finland 4 1 to advance to the championship game.
1			debate			ethics in practice in debate, participants often present ethics as an overriding consideration. nbsp;sometimes, ethics is referenced by several nbsp;participants in support of contradictory positions. nbsp;when this happens debate tends to stall, as participants lack a framework for resolving their varying ethical valuations. nbsp;in the interest of keeping k5 flamewars running smoothly, below is an attempt to outline what such a framework might look like.
2			soccer	game			minnows make it on major soccer stage liechtenstein is on a roll. andorra finally has won a game. and make no mistake, albania looks like a threat.
4			processor	amd	ibm	technology	silicon			amd, ibm announce semiconductor manufacturing technology ... amd and ibm today announced that they have developed a new and unique strained silicon transistor technology aimed at improving processor performance and power efficiency.
4			percent	technology			astrazeneca and cat in research deal astrazeneca is spending 75 million pounds to take a 20 percent stake in cambridge antibody technology and boost its position in one of the fastest growing fields of drug research.
3			profit	sale			flextronics posts profit flextronics international ltd., the no. 1 contract electronics manufacturer, on monday posted a quarterly profit helped by strong sales of consumer electronics equipment that it makes for brand name customers.
2			football	army	club	saint	season	russia	game	cska	sport			sport russia france football cska paris moscow, december 8 ria novosti 's sports analyst mikhail smirnov footballers of the moscow central army sports club cska had their last and best game of the season in paris, confidently outplaying local psg paris saint germain .
4			integration			cingular at t wireless: now for integration the us 41 billion merger of cingular wireless and at t wireless services nyse: awe is the largest so far in the u.s. wireless telecom industry.
4			standard			intel 's centrino connects with all wi fi standards intel announced on thursday a component that 's compatible with all wi fi standards, which will let the chipmaker reach the full audience of individuals seeking to be wirelessly connected.
1			election	opposition			opposition rally in ukraine tens of thousands of supporters of opposition presidential candidate viktor yushchencko have rallied in the streets of the ukrainian capital, kiev, to demand next week 's elections are free and fair.
4			desktop	tool	file	application			screenshot 4 of 4: google desktop search tool google unveils its first desktop application for searching through personal files on the pc and through a person's web history.
4			user			oracle revises peoplesoft intentions at its user conference yesterday, oracle continued to send out mixed messages about how it will support peoplesoft products if it succeeds in its $ 9.2bn 4.8bn takeover bid for its rival.
2			player	game	price			nintendo trims game boy advance price lowering sticker on handheld game player to $ 80 is early move in expected battle for portable gaming market.
4			software			software firm to expand, add jobs the mathworks, a natick software firm, plans to expand its route 9 location and add hundreds of jobs in the coming years following a deal with state and local officials granting the company a tax break.
4			high	speed	technology	access			wi fi successor called high speed hype, for now at virtually every turn, intel corp. executives are heaping praise on an emerging long range wireless technology known as wimax, which can blanket entire cities with high speed internet access.
4			platform	enterprise	feature	server	computing			dell announces new enterprise class blade servers dell has introduced its new poweredge 1855 blade servers, which it says combine enterprise class features with increased density and lower cost than traditional dell 1u rack servers to deliver an advantaged platform for data center computing.
1			party	peace	country	president			ivorian parties agree to peace proposals president thabo mbeki on monday said ivorian groups embroiled in a bitter two year civil upheaval have agreed to four proposals to put the troubled west african country back on the road to peace.
4			piracy	software	microsoft	technology			france 's thomson moves into anti piracy software french technology firm thomson quote, profile, research on monday said it would join microsoft corp. and time warner inc.
3			investor	gain	stock			us markets flat us stocks closed near the unchanged mark on monday as investors took a breath following significant gains in the market so far this month.
4			system	upgrade	microsoft			windows xp security update delayed microsoft corp. has delayed automated distribution of a major security upgrade to its windows xp professional operating system, citing a desire to give companies more time to test it.
4			platform	tool	ibm	software	win	developer	access			ibm wins developer support to build workplace momentum hoping to add some momentum to its workplace platform strategy ibm has launched an online developer resource center that gives software developers ready access to tools to help create products and services that will exploit the platform.
3			high	stock	share			european stocks ease european shares eased from fresh 2 1 2 year highs on friday after drugmaker astrazeneca said clinical studies found its iressa lung cancer drug did not help patients survive, sending its shares sliding.
4			player	priority	hardware			study: mp3 player market to explode with the economy slowly turning up, upgrading hardware has been on businesses radar in the past 12 months as their number two priority.
4			processor	microsoft	software	use	ship			microsoft ships virtual pc 7 the emulation software works with apple computers that use the g5 processor.
4			database	microsoft	tool	server	application			artinsoft tackles database migration application migration specialist artinsoft is planning tools to smooth customers transition from oracle to microsoft corp 's sql server.
2			game	sale			halo 2 poised to ring up $ 80m in sales video game is creating the kind of buzz usually reserved for a hollywood opening of, say, the incredibles.
4			technology	feature	use	high	storage			hitachi drives consumer storage hitachi global storage technologies is launching a new line of 1.8 inch travelstar c4k60 hard drives. the new drives will feature high density 30gb platters and zif zero insertion force connectors for use
4			system	technology			sony brings new technology to tv line sony said thursday that it would begin selling eight new television models outfitted with semiconductors designed to produce sharper images, including two with a lighting system that the company says is the world 's first.
4			drop	system	application	source			sun demos accessibility for open source systems one sun innovation is how on screen keyboard buttons can include drop down menu items specific to a given application or function.
1			counterpart	talk	president	conflict	crisis			mubarak, obasanjo discuss bilateral ties, african crises egyptian president hosni mubarak met with his nigerian counterpart olusegun obasanjo for talks that focused on enhancing bilateral ties and the various conflicts troubling the african continent.
1			relation	country			us legal challenge against cigarette firms to start today in 1953, the chief executives of the country 's leading cigarette companies and officials from a major public relations firm gathered at the plaza hotel in manhattan.
4			boston	technology			ex banker asks appeals court to seal letters frank p. quattrone, the former chief technology banker at credit suisse first boston who was sentenced to 18 months in prison last week, accused the judge in his case yesterday of callousness
4			enterprise	alternative	software	source			enterprises warm up to open source enterprises are opening up to open source alternatives to commercial software, panelists said at the sdforum conference open source entering the mainstream, held in santa clara, calif., last week.
2			game	sale			half life 2 set for mid november one of the most anticipated computer games of the year, half life 2, is seeing the light of day in november. the game is due to go on sale worldwide on 16 november, its publisher vivendi have announced.
1			talk	relation	top	minister			iran nuclear chief hails new chapter with europe after talks iran 's top nuclear official hassan rowhani hailed monday a new chapter in relations between tehran and europe, after talks with key eu ministers on rewards iran is to receive for suspending uranium enrichment to show it is not making atomic weapons.
2			point	team			orange guard edelin returns to practice syracuse point guard billy edelin returned to the team on sunday for the first time in nine months.
4			high	broadband	speed	technology			plugging into the net, through the humble wall outlet an emerging technology known as broadband over power lines may soon provide a new channel for high speed data into homes through ordinary electrical outlets.
4			software	team	technology	version			linksys and intel team on smart wireless solutions intel smart wireless solutions is being delivered in conjunction with intel 's new wi fi client software, intel proset wireless version 9.0, also announced today, and will work with new intel centrino mobile technology notebooks and select linksys wireless
4			technology			micron planning its first factory in china micron technology inc. is currently in the process of planning its first factory in china and hopes to begin construction in the middle of next year, the company said monday.
3			sale			conference committee accepts sales tax deductibility a provision that would allow residents of seven states, including washington, to deduct sales taxes on their federal tax returns made it out of conference committee wednesday and moved to the house and senate.
4			ibm	talk	technology	source			lenovo confirms acquisition talks china 's largest personal computer maker, lenovo group ltd., said on tuesday it was in acquisition talks with a major technology company, which a source familiar with the situation said was ibm.
4			software	vendor			sap plans to move administrative jobs to prague german business software vendor sap plans to relocate a number of administrative jobs from its german headquarters and european subsidiaries to prague, in a move aimed at streamlining its operations and reducing costs.
2			medal	korea	sport			s korean gymnast accepts ruling south korea 's yang tae young accepted an international sport court 's ruling on thursday that rejected his appeal for a gymnastics gold medal at the athens olympics.
3			good	supply	sale	retailer			staple 's brisk clip a strengthening economy has been good news for office supply retailers, as increased hiring means rising sales of sticky notes, pens, and other cubicle sundries.
2			cricket	sport	second			sehwag 's century gives india advantage in second test: sports india, cricket: chennai, oct 15 : virender sehwag scored a return to form seventh test century friday to give india the upper hand in the second cricket test against australia.
1			president			ovitz tells trial eisner undercut him at disney georgetown, delaware michael ovitz, the former president of walt disney, has vigorously defended his 14 month tenure, saying his efforts to expand and improve the company were undercut at nearly every turn by recalcitrant senior executives and the man who
4			vendor	server	high	computing	switch			dell aims to drive down cost of high performance computing vendor offers server, switch, and host channel adapter bundle with increased i o bandwidth, processing capability, and memory. by larry greenemeier.
4			player	software	associate			competitors pounce on ca 's netegrity buy competitors are publicly happy about computer associate 's quote, chart $ 430 million acquisition of netegrity quote, chart , but there might be a hint of trepidation over the combination of the two security software players.
3			profit			philippine telcos lead world in texting profits philippine carriers smart communications and globe telecom lead telcos worldwide in reaping revenues from cellular data transfers, according to a report in business world.
2			medal	korea	sport			south korean gymnast appealing judging error, hamm hopes to hang ... athens, greece ap aug. 23, 2004 it appears the court of arbitration for sport might not hear south korea 's appeal of the gymnastics gold medal.
1			parliament			somalia to get new parliament somalia's first parliament for 13 years is expected to be sworn in the kenyan capital, nairobi, on sunday.
2			player			sony and mp3, together at last the big news in digital audio recently was sony 's nw hd3, the company 's first hard drive based digital audio player to support the mp3 format right out of the box.
3			investor	shareholder			news corp. reconsiders governance issues sydney rupert murdoch 's news corp. said wednesday that it might strengthen corporate governance provisions after investors and shareholder groups said they would vote against the company 's proposed move to
2			game	top	sport			weight of drugs felt weightlifting 's aggressive pursuit of drug cheaters will continue even if it jeopardizes its future in the olympics, its top official said yesterday following six more positive doping cases in what is again becoming the games dirtiest sport. five ...
4			producer	top	networking	technology	alternative	access			modem to connect with speedy cellular tech new york oct. 18, 2004 a top networking gear producer plans to offer a speedy new cellular technology that 's an alternative to dsl and cable internet access with the added advantage of being available on the road.
3			buying	sale	price			peoplesoft: we re not for sale if oracle quote, chart is buying, peoplesoft 's dave duffield isn 't selling at least not at these prices. the founder and new ceo of the pleasanton, calif.
2			game	club			women make small inroads in game industry jennifer canada knew she was entering a boy's club when she enrolled in southern methodist university's guildhall school of video game making.
2			death	team	sport			hendrick team working through pain for those involved in nascar, racing is more than a sport. it is a way of life. it is a way of conducting one 's self throughout life, and eventually getting through the toughest part of life: dealing with death.
4			user	movie	software			mpaa fights film swapping with suits and software the real question is whether the movie industry, unlike the recording industry, can provide an answer to p2p that is as convenient and valuable to users.
2			game	title			oddworld stranger renamed, dated xbox exclusive oddworld stranger is now known as oddworld stranger 's wrath, electronic arts advised this week, claiming that the revised title better reflects the spirit of the game .
1			winner	politics	science	election	bush	president	development	use	scientist			science and president bush collide in election year with more than 4,000 scientists, including 48 nobel prize winners, having signed a statement opposing the bush administration's use of scientific advice, this election year is seeing a new development in the uneasy relationship between science and politics.
1			democrat	country			democrats signing up more new voters the democrats appear to be gaining the upper hand in the battle to sign up new voters in the all important swing states, an associated press analysis suggests. the ap analysis of the most up to date figures from across the country found that, in every state where complete data is available, the democrats have registered more new voters than republicans...
4			infrastructure			optus,vodafone rebut 3g rivals optus and vodafone responded yesterday to the telstra and hutchison 3g infrastructure joint venture, unveiling plans to build a 3g network of their own.
2			player	team	football	carolina			three unc players suspended for marijuana chapel hill, north carolina ticker university of north carolina football players adarius bowman, fred sparkman and isaiah thomas have been suspended indefinitely from all team activities after being cited for marijuana possession, the school announced
2			wood	game	country			woods give up number one to vijay fame is nice. fame gets you money, women and if you just so happen to be an athlete, your name in video games. thousands of professional and college athletes around the country participate in these video games
3			growth	profit			sony ericsson profits from mobile growth mobile phone maker sony ericsson has reported a steep year on year incline in revenues for the third quarter, as the public appetite for sophisticated handsets heightens.
2			final	game			new york, paris make 2012 games proposals new york city 's olympic boosters revealed their last and best plan wednesday before making their final efforts to convince the international olympic committee that the city should hold the 2012 summer games.
2			team			new commissioners grilled by meps hungarys laszlo kovacs, italys franco frattini and latvias andris piebalgs were interviewed on monday and yesterday. commission chief jose manuel barroso had to change his proposed team after it became
2			atlanta	night	wizard	fan	sport			revived wizards remain on a roll one of the longest running curiosities in sports is why fans in atlanta don 't come out to professional sports events. and many fans who showed up at philips arena last night
1			reform			saudi arabia's first open trial of reformers closed by judge saudi arabia's first open trial for democratic advocates was abruptly closed by the judge yesterday, a decision seen by progressive saudis as a setback to reform efforts in the kingdom.
1			iraq	politician	election	party	tension	violence	fuel			calls for iraq poll delay fuel tension iraq's main shi'ite parties insisted on saturday that elections should go ahead on jan. 30 as planned, rejecting mounting calls from sunni and secular politicians to postpone the polls because of guerrilla violence.
2			play	game			china closes 1,600 internet cafes in campaign to stamp out online ... china has closed 1,600 internet cafes and fined operators a total of 100 million yuan us $ 12 million for letting children play violent games and for other violations, the government said saturday.
2			league	hockey	nhl	player	sport			report: nhl to reject union proposal the national hockey league will reject last week 's national hockey league players association proposal on tuesday, according to the sports network of canada.
3			holding			q a: cybertrust ceo describes new security company 's plans betrusted holdings inc. in new york and trusecure corp. in herndon, va., are merging under an agreement announced yesterday to create a new security services company called cybertrust inc.
4			software	erp	project	enterprise			study: companies struggle to capture business processes when software projects go bad, the results can be disastrous. every few months, a new horror story pops into the headlines like hewlett packard co.'s recent, flawed sap deployment. the company had done dozens of smooth erp enterprise resource planning migration projects, but when its latest ran into problems, the cascading disruptions contributed to hp missing its third quarter financial projections.
4			system			adelphia mulling offer from time warner comcast when bankrupt cable operator adelphia communications begins eyeing bids for some or all of its cable systems, one heavyweight contender is likely to be a joint offer from comcast corp.
4			software	management	application	enterprise			borland titanic effort to link software with business need borland software corp. has laid out a product roadmap and strategy to better align customers application lifecycle management processes with their changing business needs, helping deliver what it called enterprise resource planning for software.
1			leader	politician	win	second			macau 's leader wins second term macau 's leader edmund ho has won the approval of the chinese enclave 's elite to rule for a second five year term. mr ho won 296 out of 300 possible votes from the beijing approved committee of politicians and businessmen.
4			processor	high	computing	server			nec builds itanium 2 blade nec nasdaq: nipny has unveiled a blade server powered by the intel itanium 2 processor, combining 64 bit computing, infiniband capabilities and increased memory, and targeted at the high performance computing market.
3			gain	stock			jobs report could set direction of market the stock market that meandered through september could gain some direction in the week ahead as the labor department releases its latest report on job creation. for all the economic data that wall street parses and analyzes every day, the jobs report, scheduled for release friday, is one of the few that seem to encapsulate the economy as a whole...
2			team	season			bucks re sign forward toni kukoc the milwaukee bucks on monday re signed forward toni kukoc after two productive seasons with the team.
4			software	erp	enterprise			sap, hp offer hosted erp for midsize companies sap america inc. and hewlett packard co. are collaborating on a hosted enterprise resource planning software service for midsize companies in specific vertical markets.
1			election			you mean we can alienate customers and throw money down a rathole? ... odd, i don 't recall registering as a republican ... : looks like the e voting machines used in tuesday 's election weren 't as problem free as their manufacturers would have us beleive.
3			stock	holding			alamosa to buy airgate for $ 392 million alamosa holdings inc. apcs.o: quote, profile, research will acquire airgate pcs inc. pcsa.o: quote, profile, research for $ 392 million in stock creating the largest sprint corp.
3			share			nokia taps coke exec to refresh brands the hope is that keith pardy will put some fizz back in the company's market share stats.
3			listing	stock			ebay expands into online rental listings ebay inc. said friday it has agreed to acquire the online rental listing company for $ 415 million, consisting of $ 385 million in ebay stock and $ 30 million cash.
4			patent	microsoft	infringement	technology			sony fined $ 82 million news: sony computer entertainment and its us subsidiary may have to pay touch feedback technology firm immersion corp which says it brings feeling to microsoft windows and the internet $ 82 million for patent infringement.
4			feature			nokia phone adopts handwriting recognition nokia on tuesday announced it plans to start selling a new smart phone capable of handwriting recognition. the 7710 model features a touch screen, pen input, a digital camera, an internet browser, a radio, video
4			army	fighter	war	technology			in brief northrop grumman 's information technology unit, based in herndon, won a 10 year, $ 408 million contract from the army for planning and support of war fighter exercise training that the company said simulates command and control decision making under
4			system	microsoft	patch	computing			commentary: microsoft can 't plug holes fast enough tuesday, in the computing community, is now known as patch tuesday. that 's because microsoft has taken to releasing operating system and browser fixes on tuesdays.
4			human	system	software	technology	gain			sap gains $ 35 mln postal service deal sap won a multi year deal to provide technology to overhaul the us postal service 's human resources system, the german corporate software giant said monday.
1			minister			canada hails arctic council 's climate change document canada 's environment minister says people shouldn 't underestimate the policy recommendations on climate change announced in iceland wednesday.
2			race			tracy tips frantic start canadian paul tracy grabbed pole at the gold coast indy champ car meeting yesterday and predicted today 's race would be won in the sprint to the first corner.
1			peace	parliament	debate			deal may let northern ireland mps speak in republic 's parliament northern irelands mps and meps are to be given the chance to take part in debates in the irish republics parliament if a comprehensive peace process deal is struck in the coming week, it was claimed today.
4			software			netegrity is bought, will fire a waltham maker of security software is being acquired by software behemoth computer associates in a cash deal worth almost a half billion dollars, the companies announced yesterday.
2			game			china's online game industry could grow seven fold in two years china's online game industry could grow seven fold to become a billion dollar business within the next two years, state media cites industry insiders as saying.
2			good	win	dame	coach	game			the hangover effect under irish head coach tyrone willingham, notre dame has struggled to shake off the effects of a loss in the previous game. the good news is that the irish head into this week off of a win.
4			system	high			satellite system puts doctors in ambulance for paramedics in rural areas, responding to frantic calls for help is at times akin to doing a high wire act without a net. mountains, valleys, bad weather and long distances between hospitals make communication with emergency room physicians spotty at best and nonexistent at worst.
4			technology			it's not exclusive, but it's lucrative: why luxe went online class has been transformed by technology and a consumer who is as well informed as she is impatient to have the latest gaud.
4			system	language	researcher			deaf kids in nicaragua give birth to new language deaf children thrown together in a school in nicaragua without any type of formal instruction invented their own sign language a sophisticated system that has evolved and grown, researchers reported on friday.
3			trading			penn national to acquire argosy gaming news research jumped in early trading thursday, after the company agreed to be acquired by penn national gaming penn:nasdaq news research in a $ 1.
1			politician	president	ally			us revokes visa for key moi ally one of kenya's most powerful politicians under president moi, nicholas biwott, is denied entry to the us.
2			pitcher	sport			sports: indians reach terms with elarton cleveland pitcher scott elarton has agreed to a one year, 850 thousand dollar contract with the cleveland indians. he d been eligible for free agency.
2			medal	champion	game	source			olympic discus champion thrown out of games hungarian olympic discus champion robert fazekas will lose his gold medal and be expelled from the games after being caught trying to tamper with a urine sample, an international olympic committee source said tuesday.
1			democrat	race	president			protesters urge delay for ohio electors congressional democrats and dissident groups asked the ohio supreme court on monday to review the outcome of the state's presidential race, hours before the ohio delegation to the electoral college was to cast ballots for president and vice president.
4			amd	standard	technology			amd 's spansion delivers serial flash memory manufacturer spansion said it has developed new flash memory technology supporting the serial peripheral interface communication standard.
2			team			tyler hamilton fired by cycling team, which is barred from pro ... olympic gold medalist tyler hamilton was fired by his cycling team two months after testing positive for blood doping. the swiss based international cycling union, or uci, said tuesday
4			user	system			internet users not as safe online as they believe you may lock your doors and windows and maybe even activate an alarm system to keep your home protected. but a new study indicates that most of us haven 't taken the equivalent of those basic
4			space	technology			national briefs the designers of the first private manned rocket to burst into space were handed a $ 10 million check yesterday, a prize to encourage technology that will open the heavens to tourists.
1			party	election	president			nicaraguans vote in municipal elections nicaragua's leftist sandinista front sought to capitalize on the recent fracturing of a rival party during municipal elections sunday amid ongoing attempts to remove the country's president from office.
3			gain	share			chief of advanced micro targets market share gains hector ruiz, the chief executive of advanced micro devices, today laid out a plan to break what he called the monopolistic grip on the microprocessor industry by intel.
1			leader	party	british			bnp leader detained on racism linked charge british national party bnp leader nick griffin was arrested on suspicion of incitement to commit racial hatred.
2			game	patriot			despite his 5 ints in last game against patriots, pennington says ... the body of work is not substantial enough to consider chad pennington a victim of the belichick factor. fair or not, pennington 's five interception game against the patriots last december at least makes him a candidate.
1			party	high	country	president			mugabe hints at woman successor joyce mujuru, who was elected vice president of zimbabwe 's ruling party at the weekend, is the first woman to hold a post of high political office in the southern african country.
4			integration			gateway tiptoes into the black gateway reported a narrowed net loss in the first quarter on continued restructuring of its operations and the integration of newly acquired firm emachines.
2			team			news services the portland trail blazers have committed to forward darius miles, a long term move that creates questions about shareef abdur rahim 's role with the team.
1			talk			vw exec says job cuts may be necessary the head of personnel at volkswagen ag said the automaker will have to make dramatic reductions in jobs in germany if it doesn't get the labor cost savings it wants in ongoing wage talks, a newspaper reported wednesday.
4			design	engineer			intel acquires chip designers from hp san jose, calif. intel has reached an agreement to hire hundreds of hewlett packard engineers who helped design the itanium microprocessor.
4			lab	military	system	linux	technology	high	computing			dod labs get linux clusters linux networx inc. delivered two more systems to the defense department as part of the military 's technology insertion 2004 initiative to improve defense laboratories high performance computing.
4			processor			hp jilts intel itanium intel 's biggest customer for its itanium processor is to stop building workstations built around the chip according to the online edition of the wall street journal.
1			technique	debate			heart scanner stirs new hope and a debate a new method of diagnosing heart disease takes only seconds to conduct, but critics say the technique is ripe for overuse.
4			microsoft	seattle	technology	share			microsoft pushes search technology to market seattle microsoft launches web search technology today that it hopes will give it a share of the market dominated by google. the new search engine will initially be available only on a special test site.
4			technology			micron 's legal woes, costs are escalating micron technology belongs to one of the most legally contentious industries in the world. the world 's third largest maker of electronic memory faces more than 25 class action
2			league	team	club	baseball	season	player			baseball strike reprieve? japan 's baseball players are likely to decide not to strike again with club representatives set to accept their demand to allow a new league team from next season.
3			investor	fund	management			jpmorgan fleming eyes stake in highbridge jpmorgan fleming asset wealth management on monday said it plans to buy a majority interest in and enter into a partnership with highbridge capital management, a hedge funds manager, to bolster its presence among hedge funds and attract a broader audience of investors to hedge funds.
4			heating	tool	user	feature			search engines more user friendly it looks like internet search sites have decided that it's all about you. over the past few weeks, things have been heating up as search engines roll out personalization features such as tools to help you save and organize search results online.
2			development	stadium	season			ferrari picks tcs for formula one it needs tata consultancy services ltd will provide it and engineering services to scuderia ferrari for development of formula one f1 racing car for the racing season beginning next march, making it the first indian company to enter the f1 stadium in the global
3			investment			giuliani opens investment bank, looks to cash in on golden aura former new york city mayor rudolph w. giuliani is opening an investment bank, giuliani capital advisors llc. it will be a division of consulting firm giuliani partners llc, according to a statement on giuliani 's web site.
3			stock			abbott to buy nutrition company eas medical products company abbott laboratories said monday it agreed to buy nutrition products company eas inc. in a cash for stock deal worth about $ 320 million.
1			cabinet	parliament	politician	team			barroso finds favor with new cabinet members european parliament politicians vowed to support jose manuel barroso 's new european commission cabinet, after he reshuffled his team.
1			election	high	president			taiwanese vote today may boost separatism high stakes elections are likely to reinforce president chen shui bian's drive to bestow more trappings of independence on this self governing island despite warnings from the chinese government and the u.s.
2			team			eu boss considers several changes the embattled new eu commission chief tells the bbc he might make several changes to his team.
2			pitch	sport			don 't let children buy bonds pitch the sound you just heard was the other shoe dropping. the noise you detected was that of hearts of the hopeful breaking. who wants to believe that a massive doping scandal has taken place in several sports?
3			fund	expense	shareholder	trading			2 pilgrim baxter fund founders to settle the two founders of the pilgrim baxter mutual fund family have agreed to pay 80 million each to settle regulators' charges of improper trading of their funds to benefit themselves and friends at the expense of longer term shareholders, the authorities announced wednesday.
2			player	game	price			sony sets price, date for psp's japan debut the handheld game player's surprising pricing in japan may indicate what the u.s. market can expect.
4			collaboration	software	developer			alcatel buys conferencing software developer edial french telecommunications equipment specialist alcatel sa has acquired a u.s. manufacturer of conferencing and collaboration products, edial inc., alcatel said friday.
4			leader	tool			google introduces new research tool online search engine leader google is setting out make better sense of all the scholarly work stored on the web. the company 's new service, unveiled late wednesday at scholar
4			system	microsoft			microsoft expands windows update release microsoft corp. is starting to ramp up distribution of its massive security update for the windows xp operating system, but analysts say they still expect the company to move at a relatively slow pace to avoid widespread glitches.
2			medal	championship			phelps targets six golds michael phelps will bid to repeat his feat of six olympic gold medals when he competes in the fina swimming short course world championships.
1			parliament			russian government approves kyoto, sends to parliament russia's government approved the kyoto protocol on thursday and sent the climate change pact to the state duma, the lower house of parliament, for ratification.
2			winner	title	athletics	race	walk	game			surprise greek winner in 20km walk outsider athanasia tsoumeleka snatched the women 's olympic 20km race walk title after a thrilling finish to give hosts greece their first athletics gold of the games.
2			party	tim	sport			montgomery, gaines doping cases postponed a hearing in the doping cases of us sprinters tim montgomery and chryste gaines that had been set for next week was postponed at the request of all parties, the court of arbitration for sport said friday.
4			technology			reaping from the wild wind if you are going to depend on a windmill, it's best to find a windy place to put it. companies that can assess a location's wind potential are in demand, and they are pushing the technology to predict shifting breezes. by john gartner.
4			database	growth	suite	software	management	technology	application			motorola rolls out database management software motorola is using the application data management suite from outerbay technology to manage data growth in its oracle e business applications.
3			drink	sale			summer puts dampener on cadbury schweppes cadbury schweppes, the soft drinks and confectionery giant, said yesterday that the wet summer had dampened sales of its soft drinks in europe.
4			grid	science	ibm	computing	project			donate your pc 's spare time to help the world ibm and officials from some of the world 's leading science, education, and philanthropic organizations tuesday launched a global grid computing project aimed at harnessing unused global computing power to help solve a variety of health issues and other
4			science	nation	technology	system			computer sciences gets 10 year contract technology consultant computer sciences corp. on monday said it received a 10 year, $ 1.35 billion contract to manage technology services for ascension health, one of the nation 's largest nonprofit health systems.
4			fund	ibm	linux	technology			ibm opens linux center in brazil ibm corp. will spend more than $ 1 million to help fund a linux technology center in brazil. the center, created in conjunction with the brazilian government
3			chain	trading	share			foodland shares placed on trading halt sydney: shares in australian grocery food chain foodland associated ltd were placed in a trading halt on monday after a takeover offer from metcash trading ltd.
4			desktop	microsoft	software			car crazy: microsoft in the driver's seat the software juggernaut that conquered the desktop is racing to get windows into your next car.
2			athletics	race			athletics struggle down the stretch the oakland athletics are used to pressure packed pennant races. it's their sub par september that's the shocker.
2			athletics	game	shot			shot put history in olympia american kristin heaston launched the shot 16.41 metres to become the first woman to compete at olympia in the first athletics meeting in the tree lined grove since the ancient games were abolished in ad 393.
4			upgrade	linux	application	hardware			mandrakesoft screams as linux os uprooted mandrakelinux 10.1 officiel comes with extended support for mobile devices, better hardware compatibility and application upgrades.
4			hardware	design	system	technology	development			ericsson ends bluetooth hardware development telefonaktiebolaget lm ericsson, the company that invented and heavily promoted bluetooth wireless technology, has decided to discontinue its design and development of new bluetooth systems for the semiconductor industry.
4			united	infrastructure	profit	rise	technology			united technologies quarter profit rises diversified manufacturer united technologies corp. posted a rise in quarterly profit, helped by strong infrastructure demand and a recovery in its aerospace business, the company said on wednesday.
2			game	win			ga. tech 's defense buzzing again after wins to hear georgia tech defense end eric henderson, it was just a matter of time before the yellow jackets defense became as stingy as it has been the last two games.
4			technology			update 1: sprint signs $ 3 billion wireless pacts sprint corp. said tuesday it reached multi year agreements totaling $ 3 billion with lucent technologies inc., motorola inc. and nortel networks corp.
1			party	nation	election			bolivians vote in municipal elections bolivians voted sunday in municipal elections that polls predicted would see indigenous and peasant organizations gaining ground on the traditional political parties that have long dominated the nation.
4			ibm	software			ibm exec may become computer associates ceo troubled business software company computer associates international inc. reportedly has selected longtime ibm executive john swainson as its new chief executive.
4			system	vendor			hp bolsters rfid offerings with partners the vendor is teaming with oatsystems and bearingpoint to launch new rfid systems and services. by elena malykhina. hewlett packard is teaming up with oatsystems inc.
4			software	development			cape clear boosts business processes in esb cape clear software this week is upgrading its esb with the release of cape clear 6, enabling development of business process workflows based on bpel.
4			technology	development			samsung unveils new display technologies samsung electronics co., ltd. has developed a new lcd liquid crystal display technology that builds a touch screen into the display, a development that could lead to thinner and cheaper display panels for mobile phones, the company said tuesday.
1			race	election			albert cheng to be the voice of hk citizens if elected a ... by channel newsasia 's hong kong correspondent roland lim. hong kong : many eyes will be on albert cheng in the race for hong kong 's legislative council elections on september 12.
2			team			liquor ads allowed nascar returns to its roots by lifting a ban on liquor ads on cars, opening the door for teams to be sponsored by distilled spirits.
4			platform	microsoft	software			microsoft, dassault systemes in strategic alliance microsoft corp., the world's largest software maker, and france's dassault systemes have forged a global, 5 year strategic alliance to deliver dassault's 3d software to firms using the microsoft software platform.
2			card	football	team	top	season	coach			cards enter ap top 10 for first time university of louisville coach bobby petrino said last week that he 's not about to stop and consider the rapid climb his team has made on the college football landscape this season.
4			patent	vendor	software	technology			software vendor may cash in on contact center patents cosmocom inc., a software vendor that holds a pair of u.s. patents on ip internet protocol contact center technology, is now considering moves to defend those patents, company officials said monday.
3			chain			apple in cybersquatting fight over itunes us computer giant apple is locked in a cybersquatting battle with a 22 year old london internet whiz kid over the website, a domain the company wants for its chain of itunes online music stores.
4			use	language	standard			rosettanet takes standards push to small firms the group, which is pushing for adoption of a universal e business language, wants to make its standards easier and cheaper to use.
4			microsoft	software	version			microsoft banks on money update the software maker has released a downloadable version of its financial package for consumers.
2			winner	round	game	master			rejuvenated hughes leads australian masters by four strokes two time winner bradley hughes, boosted by a new relaxed approach to his game, led the australian masters by four strokes after completing rounds of 64 and 66 on friday for a 14 under par 130.
4			minute	software	project	development			dealing with botched software projects borland software this week stood atop its soapbox preaching the evils of software projects gone awry, with projects beset by issues such as last minute changes and differing perspectives on the potential success of development efforts.
2			game			olympics chief says zeus smiled on athens zeus and the other gods of ancient greece smiled on the athens olympic games, whose spectacular success surprised the world, the head of the organizing committee said monday.
4			uncertainty	software	vendor			peoplesoft ousts conway from ceo job the turmoil surrounding peoplesoft inc. and the uncertainty about its future both increased another notch on friday after the software vendor announced that its board had
4			speed			first look: service speeds wireless info gathering pocket express makes it easier and faster to get the info you need on connected handheld.
4			microsoft	license	ibm	software	vendor	core			microsoft won 't charge more for multicore licenses software vendors have proceeded cautiously on the core question, with rivals ibm, oracle, sun, microsoft and others waiting to see how the others approach the issue, partly to learn what works and partly to have the opportunity to counter.
4			ibm	technology			national semiconductor offers 'trusted' chip ibm nyse: ibm is the first personal computer maker to install national semiconductor's nyse: nsm safekeeper trusted technology, which protects security data using specially designed chips, on selected models of its pcs.
3			finance			study finds it worker confidence slipping survey shows workers less optimistic about job market, with fewer saying personal finances are getting better.
2			game	patriot			gay happy to get his chance patriots right cornerback randall gay realizes he has been the opposition's no. 1 target, and will remain so in sunday night's game against buffalo.
2			coach	title	president	season			presidents look to rule bob fisher, the legendary coach who guided rockland for more than 30 years and won a state title last season, left the bulldogs and appeared to ride off into the sunset.
4			core	amd	technology	version			amd shows off dual core microprocessor it said it has demonstrated a working version of the technology based on its opteron chip. by darrell dunn. the shift to dual core microprocessors continues to accelerate.
4			database	microsoft	tool	management	server	technology	second	beta			microsoft issues 2nd sql server 2005 public beta on friday, microsoft issued its second community technology preview ctp release of sql server 2005, while providing public testers with a new beta release as well, sql server 2005 express manager, a new, free database management tool.
3			percent	growth	profit	earnings	sale			another strong quarter for ebay aided by strong international growth and better than expected back to school sales, ebay reported robust third quarter earnings wednesday as profit surged 77 percent over last year.
2			play	soccer			former tottenham goalkeeper bill brown dies in ontario at the age ... bill brown, a former scottish international goalkeeper who went on to play soccer and live in canada, has died after a lengthy battle with cancer.
3			investor	strength	high	holding			dollar holds firm before cpi, philly fed the dollar kept close to the previous session 's one week highs against the euro and swiss franc on thursday, holding steady as investors awaited us data to confirm fresh signs of strength in us manufacturing.
2			game			mforma makes marvel ous deal rather than tell you, dan kranzler chooses instead to show you how he turned mforma into a worldwide publisher of video games, ringtones and other hot downloads for mobile phones.
3			profit	sale	retailer			update 3 limited brands lifts operating profit limited brands inc. ltd.n: quote, profile, research on thursday reported higher quarterly operating profit as cost controls and strong lingerie sales offset poor results at the retailer 's express apparel stores.
2			game	trading	sport			pin mania has swept the games ill trade you a micronesia and cayman islands for that bobble head pin, said linda wade from her trading post at the athens olympic sports complex.
2			season			mansell out but silverstone roars back ecclestone is understood to have entered silverstone 's name on the provisional list of venues for the 2005 season, which would leave no room for brand synergy, the mystery consortium that has mansell on its board.
2			padre	run	diego	sport			veteran hurler beck released by padres san diego, ca sports network the san diego padres requested unconditional release waivers for righthanded reliever rod beck on tuesday, ending the 36 year old 's run in southern california.
2			football	patriot	club	play	good	player	fan			gm 's deal for mccardell is right move without saying so, the chargers seem to be motoring merrily and without copycat remorse along patriots way. you bring in good football players who aren 't wigged out or doped up or charter founders of their own fan clubs and let them play.
4			processor	run	amd	management	technology	server	application			amd adds power management to opteron originally offered on notebook pcs to its opteron 32 and 64 bit x86 processors for server applications. the technology will help servers to run
4			game	technology	generation			tv technology enters a new generation the big, bulky tube television is ready to get a leaner look and to challenge flat panels at their own game. meanwhile, tv tuners are headed to new pcs.
3			buying	retailer			search online, buy offline: how to tell? many people do extensive product research online but end up buying from brick and mortar retailers. how can you track the effectiveness of search marketing campaigns that result in offline purchases?
2			champion	championship	win			amateur body pencils bolton hero into plans for a golden future amir khan will be the favourite to win gold in the lightweight division at the world amateur boxing championships in mianyang city, china, next november assuming, that is, that the three time champion and double olympic gold medallist mario kindeln
4			spokesman	technology	fuel			iran won't abandon nuclear fuel program iran said sunday it would not abandon uranium enrichment, rejecting a key demand by three european powers that have threatened to intensify pressure if tehran does not curb its nuclear program. foreign ministry spokesman hamid reza asefi said iran already had the technology required for its nuclear fuel cycle, and would not reverse the situation...
2			sport			clarett causes controversy for ohio state again unless you ve spent the last 24 hours on neptune, or if you read something besides the sports section, you ve heard all about former ohio state star running back maurice clarett 's recent allegations to an espn the magazine reporter of loaned cars, cash
2			baseball	game	golf	sport			five up for games inclusion golf, rugby union and squash have been included in a shortlist of five sports being considered for the 2012 olympics. karate and roller sports complete the list, while softball, baseball and modern pentathlon could be excluded.
2			coach	run	game	football			group ok with most football coach searches nebraska head coach bill callahan runs off the field at halftime of the game against baylor in lincoln, neb., saturday, oct. 16, 2004.
4			use	system	technology	adobe			adobe does document security electronic document giant adobe systems says it will partner with digital certificate company geotrust to provide technology to allow documents that use adobe 's popular portable document format to be digitally certified.
2			match	master			two more americans fail to master olympic boxing style no chance, dad. the best amateur boxers know just how to move and exactly when to pounce and three americans who failed to match that style are out of the olympics.
4			platform	good	switch			gigabyte ga 8i915p duo a not everyone is ready to do a complete switch over to the new intel lga 775 platform quite yet and perhaps for good reason. should you decided you would like to say take a peek at it without having to sell
4			system	reform	broadband			cisco ceo calls for education reform, broadband push the u.s. congress needs to invest more in the u.s. education system and do more to encourage broadband adoption, the chief executive of cisco said wednesday.
3			share			oracle signs deal to buy peoplesoft for $ 10.3b oracle corp. has signed a definitive agreement to acquire peoplesoft inc. for $ 26.50 per share, or about $ 10.3 billion, the companies said today, ending an acrimonious
4			cell			tv to the rescue cell phone executives say new data oriented services such as tv will help bolster an industry in a precarious state.
4			mouse	user	hardware	microsoft	reader			microsoft puts fingerprint readers into hardware microsoft corp. on wednesday unveiled a new array of keyboard and mice, with some featuring built in fingerprint readers to make it easier for users to log on to personal computers and web sites.
4			system	enterprise	technology	access			symbol rolls out enterprise digital assistant symbol technologies has unveiled a multi function enterprise digital assistant handheld device targeting mobile professionals requiring real time access to corporate systems while on the move.
4			software	microsoft	license			microsoft, air force seal $ 509m software, services deal the air force and microsoft have entered two contracts. one consolidates 38 different software licenses throughout the air force, while the other consolidates seven service contracts.
1			crisis	country	president			philippines will never default on debts, arroyo vows philippine president gloria arroyo vowed the country will never default on its debt repayments, as she found herself embroiled in a public row with key economic advisers following her declaration that manila was in a fiscal crisis .
2			team	championship	win			no. 10 va. tech wins acc championship virginia tech can now proclaim itself the atlantic coast conference's best team and no one can argue.
2			game			study: hunters off hook for bison population crash big game hunters may be off the hook in the latest twist of a prehistoric whodunit that tries to explain why bison populations sharply crashed thousands of years ago.
3			good			blow a fuse, computer chip, and heal thyself semiconductor chips that can manage a good bit of their own upkeep are moving closer to reality.
4			lab	technology	access			'digital' hospital showcases ge healthcare technologies the technology at the $ 55 million facility allows doctors to access patient information including digital scans, lab results and prescription drug information from anywhere in the hospital, at home or off site, using a wireless network.
2			career			ernie rids himself of demons world number two ernie els and denmark 's thomas bjorn have finally rid themselves of the golfing demons that threatened to derail their careers.
1			talk			sprint: no comment on reported nextel merger talks rumored merger talks between sprint and nextel communications thursday were met with a no comment from sprint.
2			soccer	team			soccer: montella returns as experimental italy take on finns rome : six new faces and a former favourite will get the chance to impress as marcello lippi 's experimental italy team host finland in an international friendly in sicily.
1			leader	assembly			jaguar workers vote against strike jaguar workers delivered a snub to union leaders by rejecting plans to strike over ford 's decision to stop car assembly at the browns lane plant in coventry.
3			good			ideas stolen right from nature nature is pretty good at solving engineering problems, so designers are increasingly turning to biomimetics to improve their products and ideas. by rowan hooper.
2			season	coach	game	mike			trojans give a quick hook to longtime coach southern cal fired henry bibby as coach monday just four games into his ninth season. athletic director mike garrett said he realized the timing was unusual but cited the trojans losing record in recent seasons.
3			stock			nokia falters, and the finns take stock after the runaway success of nokia in the late 1990's, finland seems to be pondering whether it has lost its competitive inventive edge.
1			leadership			broadman takes tougher stance negotiator for d.c. hotel workers faces crucial test of his leadership.
4			gate	fighting	management	technology			that 's rich: gates tops forbes list once again com september 24, 2004, 7:23 am pt. it management and web technology have been fighting neck to neck for the fifth spot for the last year.
3			retailer			ahold sells spanish stores the dutch retailer ahold has sold its network of almost 600 spanish retail stores to the private equity group permira in an $ 850 million deal, the two companies said on sunday.
2			captain	tour	match	play			ganguly plays down security fears india captain sourav ganguly has attempted to play down safety fears over their tour to bangladesh. the indian squad arrived in dhaka on wednesday for a 19 day tour featuring two tests and three one day matches.
2			franchise			should star trek die? securitas writes the new york times television reporter william s. kowinski writes about questions of the star trek franchise 's viability due to overexposure, audience fatigue and creative exhaustion.
4			software	sale	feature	version			netsuite debuts 10.0 netsuite has released version 10.0 of its hosted business software, which incorporates new e commerce, analytics and sales features.
3			investor	high			investors: nortel may axe 5,000 jobs nortel networks corp. investors predicted tuesday the telecom equipment giant will again slash jobs when it reports long overdue results this week, and shrugged off news of another criminal probe into its high profile accounting woes.
1			president	town	country	election			9 11 resonates among voters pre election in this one town, in this swing state, in this entire country, three weeks before a deeply divided citizenry elects a president, the pernicious residue of sept. 11, 2001, echoes in every corner of the national conversation.
2			play			spain plays down canary i. locust threat an estimated 100 million locusts swarmed one of the canary islands tuesday, but the crop ravaging insects many with only a week to live posed little threat, arriving with missing wings and broken legs after their 60 mile flight from the african mainland.
4			team	system	software	feature	reader	adobe			yahoo, adobe team up for new web services stepping up the heated battle of online search and services, yahoo inc. and adobe systems inc. have joined forces to tap each others' customers and put web search features into adobe's popular acrobat reader software.
4			software	management	content			content software targets small publishers snapbridge software brings content management to the little guys.
1			use	election			pols, don't count on recounts the 100,000 electronic voting machines in use in tuesday's election have a big downside: candidates who dispute the results won't have a way to conduct a meaningful recount. analysis by kim zetter.
4			ibm	computing			lenovo ibm is a tough sell two years ago, i got an inside look at operations at lenovo group, the chinese computing giant that is expected to form a joint venture with ibm to sell pcs worldwide.
4			software	upgrade	game			windows xp upgrade is worth the trouble typically, i discuss video games in this column, but being a computer engineering major, i figure it 's my responsibility to keep everyone up to date on the latest updates and information regarding computers and software.
4			system			eds expects to cut up to 20,000 jobs electronic data systems corp. , one of the world's biggest computer services companies, is likely to cut up to 20,000 jobs over the next two years, the company's chief executive said on thursday.
3			investment	chain	enterprise			church 's chicken has a new owner afc enterprises inc. said monday it has inked a deal to unload the church 's chicken chain to a private investment group for $ 390 million.
4			province	technology			chinese students jailed for running porn sites beijing, sept 30. pti : a 22 year old university information technology student and another college student in east china 's zhejiang province have been sentenced by chinese courts for operating pornographic
2			basketball	team	season			kansas state guard leaves team kansas state guard dez willingham will not return to the men 's basketball team for the upcoming season.
1			leader			eu leaders clash over immigration camps scheveningen, netherlands european union leaders clashed friday over a plan to set up camps in north africa to process immigrants and asylum seekers to help stop the flow of illegal migrants across the mediterranean to europe.
1			talk			north california grocery union sets talks deadline unionized northern california grocery workers union set a sunday deadline for contract talks and said they would hold a strike vote next week if necessary.
4			tool	platform	server	development			macromedia bolsters flex with new development environment capitalizing on the rapid adoption of its flex presentation server, macromedia inc. is rolling out a new integrated development environment for the platform based on the popular dreamweaver web site tool.
4			system	networking			sun offers help in academic networking the new program includes grants and classes to help research and academic institutions manage their network systems.
2			sport			olympian women escape the age barrier the older the violin, the sweeter the music. and the athens olympics is proving the lyrics right as martina navratilova, merlene ottey and company are demonstrating the endurance of women with middle aged ladies defying perceptions about age and competition in nearly every sport.
2			medal	sport			no decision on hamm paul hamm fights to keep his gymnastics gold medal during a hearing before the sports world's highest court monday but the panel adjourns without making a decision.
4			cell			skulls on cell phones don't scare symbian symbian says the skulls program that disrupts some cell phones might not be a trojan horse.
2			play	player	tournament	top			palmer: americans need to widen horizons arnold palmer has taken a swing at america's top players, criticizing their increasing reluctance to travel abroad to play in tournaments.
3			investment			court allows ex banker to remain free for now frank p. quattrone, the former star investment banker who was found guilty of obstruction of justice, won permission yesterday from an appeals court to remain free pending his appeal, just
2			champion	game	england	trophy			west indies read the conditions well of all the icc champions trophies, this year 's at england was the worst in terms of timing. the weather was cold and with rain interrupting the flow of the game, it didn 't make for the excitement that a one day game has.
4			system	conflict	standard			borrowers find system open to conflicts critics say the three biggest credit raters moody's, standard poor's and fitch have become important gatekeepers in capitalism without commensurate oversight or accountability.
1			united	coalition	election	party	president	gain	opposition			sri lanka gov 't gains parliamentary majority president chandrika kumaratunga 's ruling united people 's freedom alliance coalition on friday won crucial support from an opposition party that gives it a simple parliamentary majority for the first time since winning the april election.
4			sharing	lab	app	application			earthlink debuts p2p app running on sip earthlink 's r lab on thursday released a proof of concept application to show how a popular messaging protocol can be used for purposes other than what it was designed, including sharing data.
4			system	version			new imac makes debut a bit later than apple hoped apple computer introduced an updated version of its imac home computer with a minimalist all in one system that hides the computer's internal components inside a flat panel l.c.d. display.
2			master	series	player	game	chris			jak of all trades, master of fun the latest installment in this playstation 2 action series tries to be all games to all players. to its credit, jak 3 largely succeeds. by chris kohler.
3			sale			apple sells 200 million songs on itunes apple computer inc. on thursday said sales of songs bought from its market leading itunes online music store had topped 200 million, a figure that was about in line with what some analysts had been expecting.
2			game	football			racism rears its ugly head football 's authorities have called for renewed vigilance against racism in the game following the reported abuse towards dwight yorke at blackburn.
3			user	content	enterprise			mforma, marvel, activision in mobile entertainment alliance mforma group and marvel enterprises announced that the companies will bring content based on marvel 's brands to mobile phone users.
3			growth			mid atlantic factory growth slows in nov. output growth at u.s. mid atlantic factories eased in november but still suggested the manufacturing sector was operating at a healthy clip.
2			title			bourdais eyes champ title the result was that sebastien bourdais of france edged closer to clinching his first champ car title by guaranteeing himself a front row spot tomorrow 's lexmark indy 300 after leading friday 's opening qualifying session.
2			hockey	coach			mercyhurst knows drill mercyhurst coach rick gotkin believes in atlantic hockey. four years ago when the metro atlantic athletic conference was born, mercyhurst was simply the cream of the crop.
4			user	software	microsoft	patch			microsoft to help users prep for patching microsoft will give customers advance notice of its monthly security updates in an effort to help them prepare to install related software patches, the company announced today.
1			election			are electronic voting machines reliable? hoping to avoid the problems of dimpled ballots and hanging chads, election officials around the u.s. will rely on electronic voting machines for tomorrow's presidential vote. but are the machines secure?
4			robot	feature	technology			epson builds lightest, smallest micro flying robot epson has announced that it has developed a successor to the fr the world 's smallest and lightest micro flying robot. the fr ii uses micromechatronics technology, and features bluetooth wireless control and independent flight. it ll go on show at the ...
2			football	team	game	bowl	joe			georgia tech lineman also wrestles so far, football is working out just fine for joe anoai. he's starting at georgia tech as a sophomore. his team will likely get an invitation to its eighth straight bowl game.
4			ibm	software	developer			ibm to buy software developer venetica international business machines corp. said thursday that it agreed to acquire charlotte, nc based venetica, a privately held developer of software for organizing and accessing business documents and media.
4			system	platform			cisco systems to acquire p cube cisco systems inc. of san jose, calif., monday acquired privately held p cube inc. of sunnyvale, calif. p cube develops service control platforms, which help service providers
2			title			barrichello lauds phenomenal spa rubens barrichello may have to say goodbye to his title aspirations in belgium this weekend but he doubts tat will take anything away from the phenomenal sensation he gets lapping the spa circuit.
4			system	ibm			honda, ibm enhance in vehicle, speech recognition system honda motor co., with help from partner ibm corp., is preparing to introduce an improved speech recognition system that will allow drivers to get voice navigation guidance without having to manually punch in any information or take their
2			software	game	title			nintendo says 12 ds games to debut in japan japan 's nintendo co. ltd. said on thursday it will make available 12 software titles for its new ds handheld game console when the dual screen machine debuts in japan on dec. 2.
4			virus	run	technology			mcafee aims to rid smbs of virus and spam if you rely on technology to run your small business, you know how easily a virus can destroy your data and potentially years of hard work.
2			military	game			take kerry's swift boat for a nonpolitical spin kuma reality games, which specializes in recreating military encounters, is making one of mr. kerry's swift boat missions the situation for a game.
1			president			botswana gears up for the polls supporters cheer botswana's president festus mogae in the last day of campaigning before saturday's parliamentary polls.
3			value	share			warner chilcott gets bid approach northern irish drug maker warner chilcott has received a bid approach worth 837 pence per share which values the company at 1.53 billion pounds.
2			dream	hit	win	player	game			key hit sparks mansfield win defensive players dream of making game breaking hits like the one mansfield cornerback brett mcdermott delivered yesterday.
4			content	hardware	generation			sony closer to content gadget vision with mgm deal with its acquisition of hollywood film studio metro goldwyn mayer, sony corp is one step closer to its vision of linking hardware and content, and to winning the key battle for the next generation dvd.
4			processor	ibm	technology	development	cell			sony, toshiba and ibm prepare to reveal cell details the three partners involved in the development of the cell processor, which will power the playstation 3 along with a number of other devices, have unveiled new details about the technology behind the chip.
2			play			air force clears athlete of cheating air force guard dan nwaelele will play saturday against no. 3 georgia tech after being cleared of allegations that he cheated academically.
3			value			sprint reports wider loss on writedowns sprint corp. on tuesday reported a wider third quarter loss due to a writedown in the value of its long distance business.
4			user			don 't touch that printer until you read this recall notice the consumer product safety commission has recalled a total of nine different models because the printers can short circuit posing a shock hazard to users.
1			investor	country	election	party	gain			gains by extremist parties troubling germany woke up to fears that the political tremors sparked by state elections in saxony and brandenburg on sunday could lead to deeper division within their country and scare off investors.
2			race			mayor's lesbian partner barred from race in brazil a brazilian court on fridaybarred the lesbian partner of the outgoing mayor of an amazontown from trying to succeed her, citing a ban on politicaloffice passing between family members. p
3			investment	gain			u.s. tech job gain or drain? two reports carry different messages: one predicts offshoring boom; the other applauds foreign investment.
2			medal	sport			hamm fights to keep olympic gold medal yet another chapter in the gold medal mess of us gymnast paul hamm was written in a courtroom monday. hamm appeared at a hearing before the court of arbitration for sport in laussane, switzerland.
1			leader	pas	violence	high	opposition			zimbabwe forces on high alert for treason verdict zimbabwe said it had put its security forces on high alert to deal with what it said was an opposition plan to unleash violence on friday when a court is due to pass judgment in the treason trial of its leader.
1			leader	party	talk	sharing			party leader hopeful on ulster talks a deal to dismantle the ira and revive northern irelands power sharing administration is taking shape, sdlp leader mark durkan claimed today.
1			minister			japan demands apology from china japan was waiting sunday for china to respond to claims that a nuclear powered chinese submarine entered japanese waters. japan 's trade minister shoichi nakagawa said sunday
1			president			ex hornets executive sentenced for fraud spencer stolpen, former president of the nba's charlotte hornets, was sentenced to 15 months in prison monday for scheming to defraud banks to pay off his mounting debts.
4			technology			lucent says it may get 816m tax refund telecommunications gear maker lucent technologies inc. may receive an 816 million federal income tax refund related to its multibillion dollar losses at the height of the telecom industry slump.
4			processor	microsystems	system	linux	server			sun readies first opteron blade server sun microsystems inc. next year will introduce a new line of blade servers that will bring the linux operating system and advanced micro devices inc.'s opteron processor to its netra line of telecommunications industry servers.
4			energy	computing	server			hp inks deal with finnish energy firm eventually, the computing giant will support data center, servers and workstations for all of fortum's operations worldwide.
2			basketball	season			rutgers cappie pondexter to miss first semester two time all big east senior guard cappie pondexter is going to miss the first half of rutgers women 's basketball season.
3			share	investor	stock	rise	value			stocks rise; healthcare sector climbs u.s. stocks rose on wednesday, a day after a sharp sell off, as value investors picked up shares in lagging sectors such as healthcare.
3			percent	profit	sale	share			bristol myers profit lower, so are shares bristol myers squibb co. on friday said quarterly profit fell 16 percent on special charges and lower u.s. sales amid competition from rival brands and cheaper generics.
2			champion	cup	team			myskina issues ultimatum over sharapova french open champion anastasia myskina will quit russia's fed cup team if maria sharapova joins the squad next year, saying she doesn't like the wimbledon champion's father.
3			sale			chip sales to set record this year worldwide sales of computer chips are expected to set a record this year, according to the san jose, calif. based trade group semiconductor industry association.
4			generation	microsoft	enterprise	management	server	development	ship	version			microsoft finalizes mom 2005 on wednesday microsoft announced that it had completed the development of microsoft operations manager mom 2005, its next generation operations management server product, which will ship in separate versions aimed at enterprises and mid sized businesses
1			election			alberta says no to public inquiry into calgary voting scandal edmonton cp alberta will not hold a public inquiry into allegations that voting fraud took place during calgary's civic election in october.
4			chain	technology			european supermarket chain extends rfid push european supermarket chain tesco is planning to extend its rfid rollout in time for the christmas rush. the company, which began using the tracking technology in october last year, will be introducing the
2			play	night	showdown	coach	game			allen 's absence suspends drama in sonics loss to lakers with a face that showed no signs of subterfuge, sonics coach nate mcmillan announced that his star, ray allen, the other half of what was to be a scintillating showdown against kobe bryant, would not play in last night 's game.
3			stock			the phantom stock split boost if st. jude medical's stock went up, it's not because it's worth any more.
4			system	country	technology			cisco sees china as center of world tech market p p p by eric auchard and daniel sorid p p beijing reuters cisco systems inc. csco.o chief executive john chambers said china was well on the way to becoming the world's technology hub as he revealed plans for his company's first research center in the country. p
1			difference	talk			eu, mercosur divided at trade talks the european union and mercosur were wide apart on wednesday in negotiations to form the world 's biggest free trade area despite a new eu offer to settle their differences, diplomats said.
2			season	game	generation			new nintendo hand held game device to debut in us in a shift in strategy, nintendo was expected to announce yesterday that it plans to begin selling its next generation of hand held video game devices in the us in time for the christmas season.
4			software	microsoft			microsoft, yahoo extend contract for web ads microsoft has extended its partnership with yahoo to deliver sponsored search results on its us and international msn sites, despite the software maker 's recent declarations that it intends to be a major force in the search market.
3			earnings			grand jury probes a.i.g. american international group said a federal grand jury is investigating products it sold that companies might have used to massage earnings.
1			talk			us mobile giants in merger talks sprint and nextel, two large us mobile companies, are discussing a possible $ 70bn merger, according to newspaper reports.
4			point	technology	developer			update 1: motorola to acquire meshnetworks motorola inc. is acquiring meshnetworks inc., a developer of a wi fi based technology in which a person 's mobile device doubles as a network relay point that can transmit a signal between other devices.
1			leader			anglicans urge ban on gay marriage, gay bishops anglican leaders, striving to stop their loose association of churches falling apart, urged north american episcopalians on monday to ban same sex marriages and the consecration of gay bishops.
4			software	share			oracle sees future in $ 8.8bn peoplesoft shares in peoplesoft surged in new york after larry ellison 's oracle tabled a take it or leave it $ 8.8 offer for the business software company.
4			server			news: telenor takes down 'massive' botnet a network of more than 10,000 zombie pcs has been dismantled after security staff at norwegian telco telenor located and shutdown its controlling server.
4			patent	game	technology			jury orders sony to pay 82 million a federal jury wednesday ordered sony to pay 82 million to immersion for violating the san jose company's patents on video game technology.
4			desktop	hardware			dell signs big desktop contract with philips dell has won a large global contract from dutch electronics giant koninklijke philips electronicsto provide hardware and managed desktop services.
4			system	investment			wireless solution illustrates success of unorthodox strategies wall street helped aether systems inc. become a wunderkind of the wireless data industry in 1999. but when its strategy to build a wireless empire collapsed, it turned to the small arlington investment bank of friedman, billings, ramsey group inc. for a solution.
4			suite	enterprise	system	management	technology	server	red			red hat buys netscape enterprise suite technologies under the terms of the agreement red hat will obtain products derived from the netscape enterprise suite, including netscape directory server and netscape certificate management system.
4			system			honeywell to buy novar to expand in building products honeywell international inc., the world 's largest supplier of building controls and thermostats, agreed to buy novar plc of the uk for 798 million pounds $ 1.53 billion to expand in security, fire and ventilation systems.
4			platform	microsystems	generation	java	standard	version			sun previews next version of java sun microsystems has posted a prerelease, snapshot version of java 2 standard edition 6.0, codenamed mustang, which represents the next generation of the java platform.
4			tool	standard	microsoft	developer			microsoft adds to visual studio tools line continuing to fill out its visual studio tools line, microsoft on monday is announcing visual studio 2005 standard edition, intended for developers working in small organizations.
4			linux	ibm	software	hardware			ibm gathers asian backers for its power chip push ibm plans to unveil on thursday a group of partners to promote its power computer chips in a range of electronics, seeking to bring the community minded innovation of linux software to hardware.
4			file	technology	telephony			free net telephony takes off as many as 250,000 japanese are estimated to be making free phone calls around the world over the internet thanks, indirectly, to a controversial file swapping technology.
2			auto	race	championship			upcoming auto races last race: jeremy mayfield won his first race in more than four years and advanced to the championship chase by taking the chevrolet 400 at richmond international raceway.
1			politician	management	single	talk			the choice on the environment although politicians tend to talk about the environment as if it were a single, easily defined topic, environmental issues range quite widely, from climate change to nuclear waste disposal to forest management.
2			united	sport			sports briefs for september 28, 2004 us gymnast paul hamm planned to return to the united states on wednesday after resting in lausanne, switzerland, for a day following his 11 1 2 hour session before the court of arbitration for sport.
4			system	spokesman	cell	technology			gps used to track teens' driving retired gen. tommy franks has signed on to be the spokesman for a company that uses global positioning system technology in teens' cell phones to let parents know how fast they're driving.
1			party	parliament	coalition			sri lanka government offered elusive majority a small sri lankan party offered its support to the island's coalition government on friday, which would give the ruling alliance a working majority in parliament, but it stopped short of joining the government.
4			broadband	technology			powerline ethernet gets the nod broadband over powerline bpl got a boost from the federal communications commission fcc last week, but even as the technology begins deployments, it 's unclear how much of a fight it will put up against dsl and cable.
3			share			a google cheat sheet by the time this column is published, google may or may not have launched its initial public offering, which may or may not have gone out at more than $ 100 per share and which may or may not have either fallen drastically or spiked upward during its first
2			tour	team			india assess bangladesh security an indian security team travels to bangladesh to decide on the tour's future.
1			war			exploring other browser options in the wake of the browser wars of the late 1990s, microsofts internet explorer has reigned supreme at least in the pc market.
4			system			maryland judge rules in favor of state in e voting suit anne arundel county circuit judge joseph manck has rejected a challenge to maryland's electronic voting system.
2			race			symonds philosophical after tough race in japan engineering director pat symonds was philosophical after a disappointing result at suzuka and is looking forward to brazil with renewed determination.
4			virus	fighting	software	code			imlogic unveils im, p2p threat detection network imlogic inc. and several partners today unveiled a new instant messaging threat center clearinghouse aimed at fighting im viruses, malicious software code and spam before they occur.
4			system	country			sup on a new alphabet soup as a responsible nuclear power, india is ready to work with like minded countries in strengthening the global non proliferation system.
3			drop	profit	sale			rank mulling sale of film unit leisure group rank has said it is thinking of selling its deluxe film and video business as the firm announced a sharp drop in half year profits.
4			general	system			ge to buy spx fire detection unit general electric co. ge.n: quote, profile, research on monday said it would buy a fire detection systems business from spx corp.
4			system			icann approves .post and .travel web host industry review two new domains, .post and .travel could appear next year after icann , the organization that oversees the internet address system, announced their preliminary approval on wednesday, according
4			low	processor	desktop	design	core	server	developer			intel offers few details on dual core plans intel corp.'s dual core strategy for mobile processors became a little clearer this week at the intel developer forum in san francisco, but questions remain about the company's plans for bringing dual core designs to its desktop and low end server chips.
2			white	medal	award	night	victory	win	sport			sports awards: holmes wins bbc sports personality of the year if it came as a surprise that kelly holmes should win two gold medals at the athens olympics, her victory in white city last night, where she became the bbc sports personality of the year, was a racing certainty.
2			game	president	dream			olympiad ends amid shows of spirit and relief description: international olympic committee president jacques rogge calls the 2004 games, held at their historic birthplace, dream games.
4			growth	profit	nation	technology			first profit since 2000 for lucent lucent technologies inc, the nation's leading telecommunications equipment maker, recorded its first annual profit since 2000, fueled by rapid growth in its wireless telephone division, the company announced yesterday.
4			ibm	software	sale	technology			software co. peoplesoft tightens ibm ties business software maker peoplesoft inc. strengthened its ties with technology giant ibm corp. on tuesday, hoping to boost its recently sagging sales as it continues to fight oracle corp.'s 7.7 billion hostile takeover bid.
4			lab	enterprise	linux	development	standard	source			raising the linux standard the free standards group and the open source development labs osdl hope that improved standards for linux will help accelerate its adoption by enterprise and large business customers.
4			standard	generation			consumers could be the losers in battle for next generation dvd standard as videocassettes fade into history, a full fledged battle is on to establish the next standard of dvds which could open up a new realm of possibilities in interactive home entertainment.
4			software	enterprise			oracle sets its sights on small biz enterprise software giant oracle may be known for big plans and bold moves, but the redwood shores, california, company has realized it also has to think small.
2			cricket	sport	series			bcci blames zee, espn star sports; will arrange telecast the cricket board today said it was trying its level best to arrange for live telecast of the india australia series, while blaming both espn star sports and zee telefilms for creating an impasse which forced the board to cancel the entire tendering
2			country	award	trophy	player	sport			the wrong person won the heisman trophy every year they bill this as the presentation of the biggest award in sports. it 's supposed to be a prestigious honor, meant to go to the best college player in the country.
4			generation			fox joins group promoting new dvd format u.s. based fox entertainment group inc. on monday joined a group of companies promoting blu ray disc, one of two competing formats for next generation dvds.
1			leader			ukraine seeks to control yushchenko probe ukraine's outgoing government sought monday to control the inquiry into the poisoning of presidential candidate viktor yushchenko, with officials close to the government taking charge of both investigations into who tried to harm or kill the leader of the orange revolution.
1			democrat	president	debate	lawsuit			cheney, edwards to meet in only debate on the campaign trail, vice president dick cheney often jabs at democrat john edwards for his past as a trial lawyer, blaming his sort for frivolous lawsuits that raise health care costs. in turn, edwards rails against cheney's ties to the company he once headed, accusing the republican of favoring his friends at halliburton...
4			high	standard	technology			then: vhs v betamax hollywood studios are locked in a battle over adopting a standard for high definition digital video disc technology, in an apparent replay of the 1980s struggle between vhs and betamax video formats.
2			game	score			atari to reissue scores of old games atari wants to take you back in time, and to get there, you can ride a centipede or an asteroid, or bounce back and forth between the pixilated paddles of pong.
4			president	technology			bill clinton helps launch search engine former president bill clinton on monday helped launch a new internet search company backed by the chinese government which says its technology uses artificial intelligence to produce better results than google inc.
3			inventory	profit	sale	jean	career			jc penney posts operating profit department store operator jc penney co. inc. jcp.n: quote, profile, research on tuesday posted a quarterly operating profit, reversing a year earlier loss, on inventory controls and strong sales of jeans, home furnishings and career ...
2			game	win			austrian allen wins women 's triathlon gold : olympics 2004 athens gt; athens, aug 25 : kate allen of austria wednesday pulled off an upset win in the women 's triathlon at the olympic games, reports xinhua.
4			content	suite	enterprise	tool	collaboration	management			oracle rolls out collaboration suite 10g oracle today announced oracle r collaboration suite 10g with new real time collaboration tools and enterprise content management capabilities.
4			system			seagate seeks system builder support for 100gb notebook drive ideal for barebone laptops, apparently
4			microsoft	system	software	patch	flaw			microsoft issues patches for 7 software flaws microsoft corp. warned on tuesday of seven newly found flaws in its software that could allow an attacker to steal data and take over a personal computer running the windows operating system.
4			measure	technology			new technology increases threats new technologies will make existing information security measures obsolete over the next five years, according to analyst gartner.
1			election	region	president			abkhazia holds first genuine poll georgia's breakaway abkhazia region holds its first ever multi candidate elections, in a vote for president.
2			play	journalist	game			games over, now let 's play the zimbabwe government lifted the ban on visiting journalists even though it was revealed that those journos were denied accreditaion because of insufficient information provided!
4			system			cisco plans to accelerate new product offerings cisco systems inc. , the world's largest maker of gear for directing internet traffic, plans to offer twice as many new products this year as ever in its history, its chief executive said on wednesday.
4			alexander	seed	technology			future of the web is on the move at the annual gathering in cannes, france next week, gartner analyst alexander linden will identify several of the long term technology trends and innovations whose seeds were sown in the days of the tech bubble.
4			computing			security's disorderly mess jon oltsik explains why a new computing security conundrum presents cios with a problem that's not given to an easy solution.
4			ship	technology			ms portable media centers to ship mid sept creative technology will today begin shipping its anticipated zen portable media center in the us, with a uk roll out in the middle of the month.
2			play	football			this week's picks you can't pick against a school that taught jfk how to play flag football.
1			leader			paisley rules out devolution deal a deal to restore devolution in northern ireland will not be signed, dup leader ian paisley confirms.
2			top	sport			notebook: six weightlifters caught using steroids athens weightlifting 's governing body isn 't about to give up its aggressive pursuit of drug cheaters, even if it jeopardizes the sport 's future in the olympics, the group 's top official said yesterday after six more ...
4			technology			iran offers nuclear 'concession' iran backs down on its demand to exempt some of its technology from a nuclear freeze, diplomats say.
4			design	project			gadgets rule in digital household photos the nowhouse project in san francisco brings together the latest in design, construction and digital wares.
2			basketball	coach			majerus expected to be named head coach at usc rick majerus has reportedly accepted an offer to be the new head basketball coach at southern california.
3			shareholder	dow	sale			telkom welcomes black consortium as strategic shareholder johannesburg dow jones telkom sa ltd tkg said in a statement tuesday it welcomes the sale of a 15.1 stake in the company to a black consortium.
1			leadership	president	resignation			spx shakes up leadership: blystone out, johnson in the spx corp. board of directors accepted the resignation and retirement of chairman, president and ceo john blystone. the now charlotte nc based spx which for years was the sealed power corp.
2			season			bills' milloy ready to make season debut buffalo bills safety lawyer milloy is prepared to make his season debut at baltimore this weekend after missing seven weeks with a broken right forearm.
4			platform	application	computing			demomobile highlights service based computing at this year's demomobile 2004 conference here, the pulse of the wireless industry is registering a move toward service based computing, which is about delivering applications and data from a managed platform to a variety of secure devices.
2			williams	game			raiders notebook williams to take grant 's lb slot again delawrence grant, the one time defensive end who started the first nine games at linebacker before being benched against the chargers on sunday, is likely to be inactive again this weekend against the broncos.
4			standard			centrino to connect with all wi fi standards intel on thursday announced a component that 's compatible with all wi fi standards, which will let the chipmaker reach the full audience of individuals who want to wirelessly connect to local area networks.
4			volume	stock	gain	technology			stocks gain; techs ahead but volume thin u.s. stocks rose on friday, helped by reassuring consumer confidence data and a bounce in technology stocks, but volume was extremely thin before next week's republican convention in new york city.
4			software	microsoft			microsoft lists apps affected by xp sp2 microsoft has published a list of nearly 50 software programs that require tweaking in order to work with its most recent windows update.
4			user	ibm	sale	technology			users say ibm pc division sale a reflection of the times ibm's decision to sell its pc division to a china based company prompted a range of reactions today from technology users, from disappointment to a belief that the move reflects the times and the impact of globalization.
4			technology	price			micron rival to pay fine for price fixing micron technologies says it still does not expect to pay any fines or face criminal charges after a european competitor agreed this past week to price fixing charges.
4			technology	version			palmone updates treo phone with display, battery palmone inc. plmo.o on monday unveiled a new version of its popular treo that adds a removable battery and short range wireless technology to the device, which combines a mobile phone and digital organizer.
4			defence	system			us missile defence test delayed bad weather forces the us to cancel the first full flight test of its national missile defence system in nearly two years.
2			cavalier	game	team	season			healthy ground game as a team, the cavaliers have every intention of making this the season their running game becomes dominant, and a healthy wali lundy looks to lead the charge.
3			investment	value			lazard in vital float meeting the board of investment bank lazard meets today to consider a float on wall street that could value the firm at 1.7bn, according to reports.
2			race			online travel: the race is on! booking trips on the web will only get easier, thanks to the ambitions of two business titans
3			investment			need a yawner investment? if you're in the market for a safe little something for your portfolio, buy bonds.
2			tournament	team			barnstable meets challenge the barnstable girls' volleyball team was looking for challenging nonleague opponents before the state tournament.
4			design			nokia aims handsets at the cocktail set nokia yesterday launched three new tri band phones with fashion inspired designs that have allowed the company to add a twist to the common keypad.
3			profit			justice vs. tobacco: ready to rumble on sept. 21 a landmark trial will begin. at stake is no less than $ 280 billion in what the feds claim is ill gotten profits. as an industry, tobacco is no stranger to the courts.
3			growth			sounding the alarm over too loud toys the growth in electronic toys that sing, provide realistic sound effects and make other noises has led to yet another hazard for children, a consumer advocate group said tuesday.
4			software	alternative			nevada's e vote free of serious problems alarmed by software glitches, security threats and computer crashes with atm like voting machines, officials from washington, d.c., to california are considering an alternative from an unlikely place: nevada.
4			ibm	talk	technology	source			lenovo confirms acquisition talks china's largest personal computer maker, lenovo group ltd., said on tuesday it was in acquisition talks with a major technology company, which a source familiar with the situation said was ibm.
4			hardware	point	microsoft	team	enterprise	tool	system	software	single	management			dell microsoft team up on system management dell and microsoft have teamed up to develop a combined enterprise it management tool designed to offer a single point of administration for hardware and software.
4			software	microsoft	core			microsoft math: multicore licensed as one chip siding with chipmakers, the software giant says it won't charge double for dual core chips when they come to market next year.
2			movie	game			ea developing tie in game for batman begins warner bros interactive entertainment has signed a deal with electronic arts which will see the giant publisher taking on the creation of videogames based on the forthcoming batman begins, which is tipped to be one of the biggest movies of next summer.
4			system			pension agency doubles its troubles for younger workers not near or at retirement, the woes of the us social security system tend to have a distant, if not surreal quality.
4			technology			samsung electronics develops 8gb nand flash memory with 60nm ... samsung electronics has developed a 8gb nand flash memory adopting technologies of processing chips with circuit width of 60nm, the first of its kind in the industry.
2			player	movie	game			programs column: detective drew returns to her roots it's hard to make a best selling story into a successful computer game. unlike a book or even a movie, the narrative of a game can be halting and convoluted because the player, not the author, controls the action.
4			software			oracle buys peoplesoft for $ 10.3 billion peoplesoft inc. on monday agreed to a sweetened $ 10.3 billion buyout by rival software maker oracle corp., relenting after a 18 month takeover saga marked by personal insults, courtroom battles and the ouster of peoplesoft's chief executive.
4			design	processor	computing	version			advanced micro plans to show new chip ahead of intel advanced micro devices plans to demonstrate its version of a new approach to processor design, with a chip that is expected to offer faster computing and relatively less power consumption.
3			sale	profit	retailer	rise			french retailer carrefour warns on profit carrefour, the world's no. 2 retailer, posted a weaker than expected rise in quarterly sales on tuesday and warned it would not reach annual sales and profit targets amid a sharp deterioration in its markets.
1			parliament	country			iranian parliament approves uranium enrichment iran 's parliament approved on sunday an outline of a new bill obliging the government to resume uranium enrichment activities which the country views as a national.
4			gate	milan	microsoft	technology			bill gates gets 4 million e mails a day microsoft chairman bill gates speaks at a meeting part of the futurshow 3004 technology fair, in milan, italy, thursday, nov. 18, 2004.
4			upgrade	reader	technology	generation			ups steps up rfid efforts the packaging and shipping company plans to upgrade readers it 's testing to the next generation, multiprotocol technology. by elena malykhina.
1			leader			coventry will bounce back from jaguar jobs blow business leaders believe the city of coventry will bounce back despite the disappointment of todays decision by jaguar to cut hundreds of jobs at its historic browns lane plant.
2			season	player	nhl	sport			nhl to lock out players thursday the nhl will lock out its players thursday, starting a work stoppage that threatens to keep the sport off the ice for the entire 2004 05 season. the long expected decision was confirmed by nhl owners wednesday following a meeting in new york...
4			insurance	software	application			webify helps insurance carriers stretch legacy apps the company's software, built on ibm's on demand architecture, lets carriers extend the life of legacy applications while pushing out new functionality.
4			system	microsoft	file	server			new file system has long road to windows microsoft 's long planned new file system is likely still many years away from being a part of the company 's server operating system.
2			game	houston	sport			chiefs holmes questionable for sunday kansas city, mo sports network kansas city chiefs running back priest holmes is questionable for sunday 's game against houston because of a sprained ankle.
2			play	season			umass hasn't cleaned up act they're talented but inexperienced, so flawless play is a bit much to expect of the university of massachusetts minutemen at this stage of the season.
3			minority	enterprise			cox enterprises to buy cox public stake cox enterprises inc. on tuesday said it will purchase cox communications inc.s minority public stake for $ 8.3 billion, in a move to privatize the publicly traded cable company and insulate it from the short term demands of wall street.
1			party	high	gain	election			fringe parties gain in german elections voters in two east german states angry over high unemployment handed a rebuke sunday to germany 's two biggest parties, giving big gains to far right and former communist groups, television projections showed.
3			share			glazer spends 17m to up man utd stake the american millionaire yesterday splashed another 17million to buy a further six million shares to add to the 45m purchase he made late on friday.
3			system	stock	share			pacificare 's american medical merger worth $ 502m pacificare health systems inc. will pay $ 502 million to buy all outstanding shares of common stock of american medical security. under the terms of the merger agreement, cypress based pacificare will pay $ 32.
3			holding			it 's the beatles vs itunes! apple could be facing the largest legal settlement in history and the money will go to apple. the electronics giant apple computer has been in legal wrangles with apple corps the beatles holding company
4			tool	mac			tools of the trade apple power mac g5 dual 2.5ghz when apple first launched its g5 computers, some disputed its claim to be the fastest personal computer in world. faster computers may well be on the market now, but few wield their power
2			team			jacques villeneuve to test for mild seven renault f1 team at silverstone the mild seven renault f1 team this evening announced that french canadian jacques villeneuve will test for the team at silverstone.
4			patent	switch			briefly: hp to sell voltaire's infiniband switch roundup plus: pc shipments up, but revenue less so, study mobilizes corporate services outfits merge...microsoft sets holiday xbox bundle...palmsource settles digeo patent suit.
2			medal	game	race			fischer aiming for no. 9 she won her first olympic gold medal in kayaking when she was 18, the youngest paddler to do so in games history. yesterday, at 42, germany 's golden girl birgit fischer won her eighth olympic gold in the four woman 500 metre kayak race.
4			system	vendor	storage			hitachi 's big box promises more than power the company unveiled its long awaited tagmastore storage system that can act as the front end manager for multiple storage systems from other vendors.
4			development	software	emc	enterprise			emc buys danz development for less than $ 50m the company produces retrospect software, also included in maxtor 's one touch external back up disc, and has a vital hold on the small and medium sized enterprise market.
4			generation			ad agencies sound alert over the mobile phone generation in theory, advertising agencies should love mobile telephones. what better way to reach consumers on the go?
2			play	player	angel	game			halos did right thing by taking hard line the angels are applauded for making a stand, for sending a message, for demonstrating there are consequences when a player refuses to play the game the way it should be played.
3			percent	profit	sale	share			estee lauder profit up, shares down cosmetics manufacturer estee lauder cos. inc. el.n on tuesday said quarterly net income jumped 51 percent, bolstered by new product sales and an improving u.s. retail market.
1			president			intel board backs otellini as ceo update intel 's board, in widely expected move, voted thursday to elevate paul otellini from president to chief executive officer in may.
2			nfl	league	football	design	player	stadium	game			electronic arts gets an exclusive nfl deal the video game maker electronic arts announced an exclusive five year deal with the national football league and its players yesterday to design games using the nfl brand, stadiums, player names and uniforms.
1			election			hong kong voters expected in record numbers for legislative poll voters began casting their ballots in hong kong's legislative elections, considered a test of feeling towards the city's authoritarian rulers in beijing following a year of political strife here.
3			profit	sale			johnson johnson profit up on drug sales diversified health care company johnson johnson on tuesday said its quarterly profit rose on higher sales of prescription drugs and medical devices.
4			design			program lets people design 3 d objects it's the internet revolution meets the industrial revolution: a new program that lets people design 3 d objects like car parts and door knobs in metal or plastic then order them online.
2			race	club	play	game	british			silverstone lost at game of hardball the british racing drivers club tried to play hardball with bernie ecclestone and lost, the diminutive impresario revealed after dumping the historic silverstone race.
3			investor	high	chain			hyatt buys amerisuites chain for $ 600 million hyatt broadened its high end hotel brand thursday by purchasing the 143 hotel amerisuites chain for $ 600 million. the acquisition from private equity investor blackstone group increases hyatt 's existing 90,000
2			hit	team	redskin			redskins blue after loss to browns maybe it is time for the redskins to hit the panic button. after all they just suffered their third straight loss and it came to the cleveland browns, a team that was supposed to battle for the no.
4			platform	microsoft	software	server	high	beta	computing			microsoft releases new 64 bit windows preview microsoft nasdaq: msft is offering the latest iteration of its 64 bit computing platform, announcing the release of beta software for pcs and servers. the release marks the next step in the software giant's efforts to address the needs of high end customers.
4			development	software	season			tata signs it deal with ferrari india's largest software services firm will provide engineering services for the development of ferrari's 2005 season f1 car.
3			clothing	chain	retailer			wsj: gap to test new stores that target boomer women undated gap may be looking at opening its first new retail chain in a decade. a published report says the san francisco based retailer is preparing to test specialty clothing stores aimed at women over 35.
2			play	master			volvo masters lacking former pedigree els sealed the order of merit a few weeks ago and, just like last year when he became number one in europe for the first time, could not be persuaded to play for love nor money.
3			increase	profit	sale	growth			liberty media reports robust 3q sales and profit growth new york, november 9 liberty media corporation has reported an eight fold increase in its third year profits, while the company 's quarterly sales more than doubled from the year ago levels.
3			investor	user	retailer			revamped emusic targets indie market nearly a year since it was sold by vivendi universal to private investors, online retailer emusic has undergone a facelift that includes a panel of music critics to help users comb its trove of independent music.
4			desktop	software			a better view into relationships anacubis desktop 3.0 shows the bi potential of information visualization software.
2			football	ncaa	colorado	player	sport			slopes only for bloom two sport star jeremy bloom lost an appeal to an ncaa panel on tuesday to keep his college eligibility as a football player at colorado while still being allowed to receive endorsements as a professional skier.
1			talk			hotels, union end talks, prepare for strike negotiators for 14 major district hotels walked out of contract talks with the union that represents 3,800 employees wednesday afternoon, raising the prospect of a work stoppage at the city's largest hotels.
2			coach	football			spurrier withdraws name from florida vacancy steve spurrier will not coach the florida gators again after he withdrew his name from consideration in the process to select a new head football coach at the university.
1			parliament			historic opening day for holyrood thousands of people are expected to turn out to celebrate the official opening of scotland's new parliament.
2			point	high	sport			gpwc support banks ruling today 's judgment seems indeed to be a turning point in the future of formula one, it read. gpwc also said the london high court 's ruling would benefit the sport 's long term stability.
2			sport			doping weighs heavily on weightlifters staged in a grand theater in the land of mythical strongmen hercules and atlas, the athens olympics were supposed to herald a rebirth for the sport of weightlifting.
1			party	president	minister			barroso fails to calm buttiglione row jos manuel barroso, the incoming european commission president, today failed in a bid to appease key european parties demanding that the justice minister designate, rocco buttiglione, be removed.
4			system	software	management	application			data center virtualization, systems management coming from cisco cisco executives told analysts this week that the company plans to take data center virtualization into areas such as application aware switching and will partner to provide systems management software.
4			retailer	technology			google steals a page from amazon 's book search google inc. has quietly introduced a new search technology to help publishers sell books online, a fast growing market dominated by internet retailer amazon.
2			play			charter will add phone service madison area cable provider charter communications is set to complete the telecom triple play with the addition of phone service.
2			game	england			santini: unhappy families just a game jacques santini will fight tottenham for compensation in the wake of his shock departure nine days ago. the 52 year old is staying in england until the issue is resolved
3			good	investment			for long term, consider bonds over cash q. i am 50 years old, employed at a good job, and have about $ 2 million of investments, of which $ 1.1 million is in cash equivalents. i have two kids, one of whom has $ 150,000 in a uniform transfers to minors account; the other has $ 15,000. i am completely lost in terms of what to do. i have always been ...
4			infrastructure	priority	identity	enterprise	project			jboss unveils workflow engine this fourth priority 's main focus has been enterprise directories as organizations spawn projects around identity infrastructure.
1			leader	party	election			advani takes over as bjp chief the hindu nationalist bharatiya janata party bjp brought back hardline leader lal krishna advani as party chief on monday after last week's loss in state elections in the major industrial state of maharashtra.
1			leadership	party	parliament			china party chief rules out democracy chinese communist party chief hu jintao called for parliament to take a stronger watchdog role on the eve of a key leadership meeting but ruled out western style democracy
1			war			china declares war on electronic porn even for authoritarian rulers, the decree that plugged in chinese must be back on the sexual straight and narrow by oct. 1 will not become reality easily.
4			tool	platform	application	development			macromedia wires up flex builder macromedia is heading in a new direction with the launch of a development tool for flex, its development platform for rich internet applications rias .
1			leader	conflict			singapore backs beijing on taiwan singapore s new leader tried to mend fences with china today, saying the city state would back beijing if taipei provoked armed conflict across the taiwan strait.
2			play	team	ncaa	season			ncaa grants waiver to oklahoma's dvoracek oklahoma's dusty dvoracek had been granted a medical hardship waiver by the ncaa, which will allow the defensive tackle who was kicked off the team in september to play a fifth season with the sooners.
3			good			layoffs at fleet the layoffs at fleet seem to be a microcosm of the economy as a whole. good, higher paying, full time jobs, presumably with benefits, are replaced by lower paying, part time jobs that may not have the same health care plans.
2			championship	game	football	bowl			super bowl advertisers still in the game advertisers may have been bitten once by an indecency scandal at the 2004 super bowl, but they are not shy about getting back into the game for the next u.s. football championship.
4			user	microsoft	software			microsoft to help users prep for patching software giant will publish advance notice of security bulletins.
4			content			paypal to fine for vice paypal, the online payments arm of ebay inc., said friday it will soon fine people up to $ 500 for uses related to gambling, adult content or services, and selling prescription drugs from non certified sellers.
2			coach	game			jol likely to get spurs nod martin jol is likely to be named the new manager of tottenham after jacques santinis shock decision to quit yesterday. the dutch assistant coach will take charge of todays game against charlton, and
4			worm	software	version			antivirus companies warn of new bagle variants new versions of the bagle worm rolled onto the internet friday, prompting antivirus companies to warn customers about the threat and to push out software updates to spot the new worms.
3			system	earnings			eds posts 3rd qtr loss on navy contract charge electronic data systems electronic data systems which had delayed its quarterly earnings several times, said on monday it lost $ 153 million in its third quarter after taking a loss on a large navy contract.
4			use	mail	project	technology			yahoo implements domainkeys in its mail service yahoo 's e mail service will use the company 's domainkeys authentication technology starting monday, almost a year after yahoo first unveiled this anti spam project.
4			system			update: linksys goes dual band on wi fi with its eyes on the future of home entertainment and a relatively uncluttered band of radio spectrum, cisco systems inc.'s linksys division on wednesday unveiled a line of ieee 802.11g a wireless lan products.
4			silicon	patent	holding			nikon to get 145 million in patent case nikon, the world 's biggest maker of equipment used to etch computer chip circuits onto silicon wafers, said on wednesday that it would get $ 87 million from its european rival asml holding to settle a patent suit dating back to 2001.
4			software	microsoft	technology	server			web services for your tivo? web services are becoming increasingly popular for linking software programs. now, microsoft and some other big companies are pitching the technology as a way to manage everything from big corporate servers to mobile phones.
2			game	country			keflezighi, kastor medaled at athens games meb keflezighi and deena kastor rescued american distance running at the 2004 olympic games. on sunday, they have a chance to put their country back on the map as a marathon force.
3			investment	fund			imf says china able to slow economy china can manage to slow its roaring economy to a sustainable level, but only if it avoids loosening curbs on lending and investment too quickly, the international monetary fund said wednesday.
2			player			lg preps handheld audio, video device hard drive based multimedia player will be available later this year.
2			champion			i m innocent, says greek olympic champion kenteris olympic champion kostas kenteris, who is likely to be expelled from the olympics for missing a doping test, said tuesday that he is not a drugs cheat.
4			microsoft	piracy	technology			microsoft looks to expand windows at home efforts by microsoft corp. and the pc industry to expand into to the living room will get a boost next week as they show off technologies that try to balance hollywood's piracy fears with the appeal of digital media.
4			system	technology			electronic data reaches pact with navy information technology company electronic data systems corp. on friday said it reached a modified agreement for a navy marine corps intranet contract, effective immediately.
2			stadium	game	bowl			bowden bowl vi brings similar challenge to father, son though the game is two months earlier on the schedule, a near identical challenge exists for florida state as it begins preparations for saturday 's 3:30 pm game against clemson in doak campbell stadium.
1			parliament	cabinet	opposition			russian cabinet approves kyoto protocol russia's cabinet approved the kyoto protocol on global warming thursday, clearing the way for the worldwide adoption of the pact despite u.s. opposition once the russian parliament ratifies it as expected.
4			vendor	computing	server			citrix buys net6 server based computing firm citrix yesterday announced a deal to acquire ssl vpn vendor net6 for approximately $ 50m cash. the deal is expected to close by the end of the year.
4			patent	licensing	share	license	technology	development			sony, samsung to share patents samsung electronics and sony corporation have signed a cross license agreement, licensing those patents, which are considered to be the basic technologies necessary for product development.
2			title	football	player	high	match			judgment day for trella after sitting ringside and officiating more than 150 professional boxing matches, the former prospect resident and holy cross high football player will be on the hot seat tonight at madison square garden when he presides over the ibf heavyweight title
4			cell	feature			does your phone speak qwerty? today's hottest cell phones feature full keyboards.
4			desktop	ship	ibm	technology			ibm to ship desktops with security chip ibm has offered a security chip on some of its thinkpad laptops, and the company will now be offering a similar technology on select desktop models.
2			prix	schumacher	sport			schu prefers three day weekend michael schumacher is the only formula one driver to have ever won pole position and a grand prix within four hours. but the german urged the sport 's rule makers to ignore suggestions they should apply the two day format full time.
4			microsoft	technology			what 's missing in microsoft ie? com september 30, 2004, 4:00 am pt. there 's no doubt the internet will continue to make its mark in the world of business and technology.
3			system	high	nation	enterprise			nordic nations prevail in surveys of world 's hot economies forget the stereotypes about scandinavian socialism and how its high taxes and expensive public health care system are destroying private enterprise.
2			game	top			greek athletes shocked by accusations greece's top two athletes, facing a state prosecutor's investigation over missed drug tests and a motorbike crash, left hospital tuesday declaring they were innocent and should be allowed to compete in the olympic games.
2			war	tour	game			review: star wars game gives battle tour luke skywalker and darth vader may get all the glory, but a new star wars video game finally gives credit to the everyday grunts who couldn't summon the force for help.
4			earth	scientist	technology	telescope			antarctic declared perfect place for astronomy!: technology india washington, sep 16 : scientists have proposed the building of a telescope in the antarctic, claiming that the calm air above the icy landscape makes it the best place on earth for astronomy.
4			database	microsoft	tool	code	use			mysql to make use of microsoft code the code, which was open sourced in april, will be used for the administration tool that connects to the mysql database.
2			football	coach	high	game	sport			sports buzz fultondale high school football coach keith register is probably right when he says he doesn 't expect everyone to understand why the wildcats are forfeiting their last two games.
4			system	microsystems	version			sun rolls out much awaited solaris 10 sun microsystems inc. on sunday introduced the long awaited next version of its operating system, solaris 10, which the network computer maker is betting on to help bring itself back to sustained profitability.
4			user	point	tool	application			patching still a sore spot for some oracle users members of the oracle applications user group at this week's connection point 2004 said oracle has made strides by rolling out new support tools and processes, but has more work to do to make their jobs easier.
2			golf	ryan	win	sport			puyallup 's moore takes us amateur ryan moore of puyallup capped one of the greatest individual summers of amateur golf in the sport 's history yesterday by coming from behind to win the us amateur.
2			defence	coach			new shock in kenteris saga a court appearance by christos tsekos, former coach to disgraced greek sprinter kostas kenteris, has been delayed after his defence lawyer died.
4			vendor			digital assistants continue to lose ground shipments of personal digital assistants declined for the third consecutive quarter as large vendors continued ceding the depressed market to smaller electronics makers, the research firm idc said wednesday.
3			share			elpida makes solid debut on tse shares of elpida memory inc., a chipmaking joint venture between japanese electronics giants hitachi ltd. and nec corp.
1			election	race	opposition			romania presidential challenger stolojan quits race romania's main opposition presidential challenger theodor stolojan withdrew from the race citing health reasons saturday, dealing a severe blow to his alliance ahead of next month's elections.
2			cell	sport			samsung cell phones to get tiny hard drive samsung's new sph v5400 mobile phone sports a built in 1 inch, 1.5 gigabyte hard disk that can store about 15 times more data than conventional handsets, samsung said.
3			investment	fund	holding			how mutual funds can be like marriage within the past two weeks, we also celebrated our 10th anniversary and 15th anniversary of holding two of our favorite investments.
4			enterprise	software	developer			ca buys pestpatrol antispyware developer computer associates international inc. ca said monday it acquired pestpatrol inc., a firm marketing antispyware software to enterprises, small businesses and individual consumers.
4			microsoft	vendor	source			microsoft funded study deciding factor in 10yr deal genevish writes according to an article in the register, microsoft and the newham council in london have signed an agreement making microsoft the preferred vendor for the council, instead of the original hybrid ms open source plan. the council was very ...
4			military	profit	technology			titan posts slightly higher profit titan corp. , which provides technology and translating services to the u.s. military, on wednesday reported a slightly higher quarterly profit.
4			share	trading	holding	technology			tcl communication aims higher after lacklustre debut china 's tcl communication technology holdings ltd, whose shares made a lacklustre trading debut in hong kong on monday, said it aimed to be the world 's number five mobile phone maker by 2007.
2			team	championship	season			mystics savor moment the mystics had to rally late in the season so desperately that the team welcomed a chance to take in the fact that they have a chance at a championship.
3			good	inventory			intel's inventory bugaboo plus, slow cruisin' harley, the golden arches' golden times, and it's good to be yahoo!
4			lab	hardware	linux	software	development	server	source			linux is now mainstream, says idc in a private study conducted by idc for open source development labs, inc osdl , idc predicted that the overall linux marketplace revenues for server, pc hardware and packaged software on linux is expected to reach $ 35.7 billion by 2008.
3			profit	sale	holding			kmart posts profit; cash pile grows kmart holding corp. kmrt.o on monday reported its third consecutive quarterly profit despite slumping sales as it cut jobs and reduced advertising and discounts, boosting its cash pile to $ 2.6 billion.
1			president			gilbert stuart, a capturer of presidents and transmitter of history the metropolitan museum's show reveals the portraitist's bountiful range. no doubt about it, he was and remains one of our greatest american painters.
2			royal	sport	outfielder	season			royals extend stairs kansas city, mo sports network the kansas city royals have extended the contract of outfielder matt stairs through the 2005 season.
2			league	united	club	manchester	sport			glazer ups stake in united london: us sports tycoon malcolm glazer has raised his stake in manchester united plc to 27.63 from 25.3, the premier league club said yesterday, heightening speculation that he will bid for them.
1			crowd	election			millions wait hours in venezuela to vote in recall election the unprecedented vote was sluggish as huge crowds lined up at voting booths. results were not expected until 8 p.m., or later.
4			system	software	developer			cisco to buy p cube for about $ 200 million cisco systems inc. csco.o: quote, profile, research , the world 's largest maker of equipment to direct traffic on the internet, on monday said it will buy privately held software developer
4			user			ask jeeves launches personalized web search service ask jeeves inc. , the third biggest u.s. web search provider, late on monday unveiled myjeeves, a new product that helps users personalize their internet searches.
4			user	microsoft	software	patch			microsoft issues special patch for ie hole users should install the critical fix as soon as possible, software giant says.
4			leader	software	application			oracle says its software gaining on rival sap san francisco, december 7: oracle corp on monday said it believes its business software applications, an area that has lagged the rest of the company, are gaining ground against market leader sap ag of germany.
3			point	enterprise			operators wake up to mobile enterprise needs analysis starmap points the way forward
4			investor	software	seattle	technology			investor group aims to halt buyout by art technology art technology group's plan to acquire a seattle software firm has come under fire from a group of investors who have launched a proxy fight to halt the deal.
4			increase	technology	storage			toshiba to make 80gb 1.8 inch drives toshiba corp. is close to commercializing a new data storage technology that could significantly increase the capacity of hard disk drives, it said tuesday.
2			coach	victory			wake forest hopes to bounce back like most of his peers, wake forest coach skip prosser wants more than victories from his early schedule.
4			design	top	technology			dell adds vga screen to new axim pocket pc 's dell unveiled three new axim handheld computers that combine the latest pda technology in a dual slot design. as part of the redesign of their pocket pcs, dell added a vga screen 640x480 to the top of the line axim x50v.
4			use	computing	microsystems			sun makes blockbuster solaris 10 free of charge for commercial use santa clara, calif., nov. 15 prnewswire firstcall at its network computing 04q4 nc04q4 launch today, sun microsystems, inc.
2			coach	football			ole miss tabs orgeron as head coach the university of mississippi introduced southern california assistant ed orgeron as its new head football coach during a thursday press conference.
2			race	season	prix	british	sport			fia issue 19 race draft calendar the british grand prix is one of 19 races listed on the provisional calendar for the 2005 formula one season, as released by the sport 's governing body, the fia, on wednesday.
4			investor	software	source			venture firms warm up to open source, but questions remain when matrix partners gave 10 million to open source software maker jboss group last february, some wondered whether the venture capital investors had lost their minds.
2			tour	race			armstrong may skip next tour lance armstrong is unsure whether he will ride in next summer's tour de france, saying he'd like to compete in other races. armstrong, who won a record sixth straight tour de france this year, said in yesterday's edition of l'equipe that it is time to move on to other things. he had been somewhat evasive about whether he would return ...
3			good			search engine marketing research search engine marketing research search engine marketing success comes from good research. by applying research to understand your competition and target audience, your optimization efforts will succeed. remember when homework from school often required some research on your part to complete? it is much the same scenario for search engine marketing: ...
4			glitch	upgrade	software	access			eds: it upgrade caused software glitch at uk agency some 40,000 computers in the uk 's department for work and pensions dwp were unable to access their network last month when an it technician erroneously installed a software upgrade.
3			jump	profit	sale			tyco turns corner over year ago period industrial conglomerate tyco international ltd. swung to a fiscal fourth quarter profit on a double digit jump in sales and on lower one time charges compared with the year ago quarter.
3			shareholder			murdoch 's plan to block news stalker news corp, the media company controlled by rupert murdoch, launched a shareholder rights plan today that appeared designed to fend off the possibility of a hostile bid.
4			system	management	developer			cisco pays $ 16m to acquire network management firm cisco systems is acquiring a california based network management appliance developer for approximately $ 16 million in cash.
4			system	user	patch	flaw			real, kde patch security flaws holes in koffice and realplayer allow attackers to take over a user's system.
2			player			huey exits early treat huey, the two time all met player of the year, suffered a 6 2, 6 0 loss to 29 year old journeyman mashiska washington, the younger brother of former pro and 1996 wimbledon finalist malivai.
4			system	linux	feature	alternative			cherry readies linux keyboard $ 50 device will feature hot keys designed for the alternative operating system.
3			shareholder	share			vodafone to hand back more cash vodafone chief executive arun sarin today promised to return more cash to shareholders in the form of bigger dividends or share buybacks.
3			investor			is 4kids 4 investors? 4kids entertainment got karate chopped last week. can it get back up off the mat?
1			talk	country			us mobile giants in merger talks us mobile operators sprint and nextel are in talks about a $ 70bn merger 36bn according to newspaper reports. the deal would create the country 's third biggest mobile operator which would have 38.5 million
3			share			harmony seeks leave to appeal competition ruling harmony said today it would seek leave from the competition appeal court to appeal the ruling allowing it to acquire gold fields shares, but not to exercise the shares voting rights.
4			software			oracle to 'oversupport' peoplesoft customer ellison business software maker oracle corp. will do everything it can to support peoplesoft inc. customers, who are vital to the success of oracle's proposed $ 9.2 billion takeover of peoplesoft, oracle co founder and chief executive larry ellison said on wednesday.
2			sport	victory	football	season			harvard claims spot in 1 aa poll harvard makes its first appearance in this season's sports network division 1 aa football poll at no. 22 following an impressive 41 14 victory over northeastern saturday.
2			score	offensive	victory	season	player	dame	coach	game			irish coach not thrilled with defense in victory notre dame had one of its best offensive games of the past two seasons. coach muffet mcgraw still wasn 't completely happy. she was pleased to see six players score in double figures for the 10th ranked irish
4			grid	standard	team	computing			computing giants team up on grid oracle yesterday announced the result of a joint venture with strategic partners to validate and extend its to grid computing vision with best practice standards.
1			election			supreme court stays dalmiya 's election the supreme court has stayed the election and appointment of jagmohan dalmiya as patron in chief of the bcci. the court has also stayed the appointment of justice s mohan as bcci administrator and restored
4			system			web services with the internet revolution now a decade old, fear no longer grips companies contemplating moving their systems to the web. more companies are turning to so called web services these days to help migrate
3			profit	sale	development			bristol myers squibb net slumps news research reported a sharply lower profit in the third quarter as generic competition continued to eat away at drug sales and the company ratcheted up spending on research and development of new drugs.
4			vendor	experiment			hp quietly begins weblog experiment hewlett packard is the latest it vendor to try blogging. but analysts wonder if the weblog trend is the 21st century equivalent of cb radios, which made a big splash in the 1970s before fading.
4			leader	system			states get 3 years for nims state and local leaders have three years to establish and implement systems and practices needed to ensure seamless response to emergencies and incidents or else federal grants will be withheld, homeland security department officials said this month.
3			management			german group nanno and two us groups buy agfa gevaert photo ... german private equity firm nanno and two us groups have reportedly joined forces to back the management buy out of the troubled consumer photo business from belgian based agfa gevaert for a reported e175m.
3			stock	holding			alamosa to buy airgate for 392 million alamosa holdings inc. will acquire airgate pcs inc. for 392 million in stock creating the largest sprint corp. wireless affiliate, the companies said on wednesday.
4			single	infrastructure			hp grabs defense deal hewlett packard on wednesday said it has won a contract worth $ 290 million from an agency of the us department of defense. under the deal, the company will work to build a single it infrastructure for the defense logistics agency.
4			system	standard	high	mac			media 100 hd video editing system released for mac optibase ltd. subsidiary media 100 on tuesday announced the release of media 100 hd for mac os x, providing mac based video professionals with another option for manipulation 10 bit uncompressed standard definition sd and high definition hd digital video.
4			war	technology	bush			curbing your enthusiasm can technology save us from a pre emptive war on sex, should the bush administration choose to wage one? i sure hope so. commentary by regina lynn.
4			microsoft	protection	upgrade	software	feature	gain			microsoft says upgrade for full ie security a report last week said that microsoft will not build the latest security features in windows xp browser and expects customers to upgrade to the os from previous software to gain prophylactic protection.
2			coach	stadium			milestone for uconn; millstone for rutgers in the postgame scrum underneath rutgers stadium, connecticut coach randy edsall paused for a moment and reflected on that day in december 1998 when he began the daunting
1			lebanon	politics	cabinet	president	syria			syria dictated move prompts political uproar in lebanon lebanon 's hothouse politics have been thrown into turmoil by syria 's insistence at a suddenly summoned special cabinet meeting over the weekend that the president
2			team	game	football			huskies face history against cal, tedford the husky football team can accomplish something saturday that only two other squads in the school 's 115 year football history has done lose nine games.
1			leader	election			house senate committee agrees to continue tax cuts putting aside efforts to control the federal deficit before the elections, republican and democratic leaders agreed in principle on wednesday to extend $ 150 billion
4			platform	ibm	software	development	server	code			ibm launches atlantic calling it their most significant release in the last four or five years, ibm's rational software on wednesday formally rolled out its rational software platform, code named atlantic, intended to better unify software development across ibm's line of server software.
2			content	sport			uk betting gets euro 2004 boost online gaming and sports content firm uk betting reduces its first half losses, helped by cost cuts and big events like euro 2004.
4			feature			google go lucky one of googles earliest features was a simple button beneath its search box that reads im feeling lucky. the intention is for info hungry masses to enter search terms, click on the lucky button and, voila, land on precisely the web page
4			tool	ibm	software	development	code	application	source			ibm open sources speech recognition development tools ibm announced today that it will release as open source code some of its software for speech enabling applications.
4			speed	access			web access on jets may grow seeking to speed the delivery of new communications services to us airline passengers, the government yesterday paved the way for at least one company to compete
4			technology			micron technology to build chinese factory us memory chip maker micron technology inc. plans to build its first factory in china, to assemble and test semiconductors, the company said monday.
2			champion			holmes hunts golden double newly crowned olympic 800m champion kelly holmes sets her sights on a historic olympic double.
4			system	technology	second			eds offers early retirement electronic data systems offered voluntary early retirement to about 9,200 us employees who are at least 50 years old, the world 's second largest technology services provider said tuesday.
2			player	victory	football	win			droschak: almost a special senior day football players aren 't into moral victories. it goes against the grain of their rough exteriors and win at all cost mentality.
1			politics	terrorism	election	bush	president			bush moves to privatize social security fresh from re election, president bush is dusting off an ambitious proposal to overhaul social security, a controversial idea that had been shelved because of politics and the administration's focus on tax cuts and terrorism.
3			investment	sale	share			lazard asks partners to take pay cut, people say bruce wasserstein, head of lazard llc, is asking partners to take a one third pay cut as he readies the world 's largest closely held investment bank for a share sale, people familiar with the situation said.
2			team	cup	tournament	baseball			baseball gives selig contract through 2009 baseball commissioner bud selig received a contract extension through 2009 thursday as owners praised his 12 year reign, but dissension surfaced among teams in the decision to launch a world cup tournament.
4			app	microsoft	protection	system	virus	software			trend micro gives away mobile antivirus app trend micro will become the latest major antivirus software company to provide protection against mobile phone viruses, with new antivirus and antispam software for mobile phones running the microsoft windows mobile and symbian operating systems.
4			generation	technology	storage			hewlett packard strikes blu note for dvds pc buyers can look forward to dvds with up to 10 times the storage they now have when hewlett packard rolls out machines supporting next generation dvd technology next year.
4			desktop	high	technology	generation			hd dvd drives find a place in the pc nec, toshiba will put the next generation dvd technology in desktops and laptops next year. nec plans to start selling desktop pcs equipped with hd dvd high definition high density dvd drives at the end of 2005, the company says.
4			team	vulnerability	software	management	technology			mcafee grabs foundstone the former plans to team up its intrusion prevention technology with the latter's vulnerability management software.
4			technology	version			small discs for camcorders get the blue light blu ray group is developing a smaller version of its technology for portable electronics, aiming to give its format a leg up.
3			good			titan: a good mystery when was the last time you read a good mystery novel, or munched popcorn while watching a mystery flick at your local theater? odds are, either of these entertainments set you back at least $ 10 and lasted a few hours.
2			war	system	sport			winning the war on rollovers before any law has been passed, carmakers are putting on stability control systems. they like their buyers alive. rollovers are the safety curse of sport utility vehicles.
4			processor	fall	design	technology	core			via readies 64 bit capability for isaiah via technologies inc. will add 64 bit capabilities into isaiah, a multimedia processor core design expected to arrive in 2006, the company plans to announce tuesday at the fall processor forum in san jose, california.
3			good			good deals for banks, both coming and going with so few mergers and acquisitions these days and with fees for them shrinking, bankers have found a new way to milk more cash out of deals: working with both buyer and seller.
1			talk			ellison talks about the acquisition editor 's note: the following excerpts are from oracle ceo larry ellison 's press conference monday announcing an agreement to acquire peoplesoft.
2			play	team	top	sport			top heavy matchups seven atlantic 10 teams are ranked in the latest sports network division 1 aa poll, and four of them go head to head this weekend: no. 8 maine plays at no. 4 delaware and no. 12 new hampshire is at no. 10 villanova. in addition, no. 16 northeastern plays at conference rival william mary, the highest vote getter outside the rankings.
4			microsoft	software	technology	use	movie	access			picture 5 of 8: microsoft's new media center push software maker heads to la to show off a host of gadgets that use one or another microsoft technology to access movies, music and video.
4			firewall	system	feature	access	version			tasman adds new router to lineup tasman networks has introduced a new entry level wan access router and security device. the tasman 1001 also includes new features added to a new version of the company's operating system, including multicast routing, ipsec vpn, firewall, and an integrated web based gui.
1			parliament	crisis	election			new ukraine election looks likely way out of crisis a new ukrainian poll of some sort looked increasingly likely as parliament and the supreme court pressed ahead on thursday with efforts to resolve a national crisis over a disputed presidential election.
2			league	baseball	game			major league baseball news there were some skeptics wondering if giants manager felipe alou was making the right decision by putting veteran kirk rueter on the hill in literally the biggest game
4			outsourcing	sale	technology			cap gemini said to weigh selling unit in america cap gemini, the paris based technology consulting and outsourcing giant, is considering a sale of its struggling business in north america.
2			career	player	tour	championship			sorenstam keeps stellar career in perspective the 20 player field had mostly scattered as the sun dipped below the santa rosa mountains. yet the lpga tour 's biggest star at the samsung world championship
4			system	microsoft	software	price			calif. cities, counties sue microsoft several california cities and counties have sued microsoft corp., accusing the software giant of illegally charging inflated prices for its products because of monopoly control of the personal computer operating systems market.
4			voip	technology			study: voip costs all over the map companies trying to deploy internet phone calling face varied costs depending on the technology provider, according to a report.
4			platform	broadband			wimax accepts digiweb as first irish wireless isp broadand services provider digiweb has been accepted as a member of the international wireless industry body, the wimax forum, which was established to promote and certify compatibility and interoperability of broadband wireless products and platforms.
4			desktop	microsoft	linux	technology	server			not so fast, linux anticipation built for weeks beforehand. the city government of paris, with 17,000 desktop pcs and hundreds of servers, was mulling a technology shift that would have been unthinkable just a few years ago: retiring microsoft corp.
2			semifinal	soccer	game	play			york university to house argos, soccer group the toronto argonauts may or may not host the east division semifinal this year, but they will play home games at york university in 2006.
2			player	president	season			who ll be traded first? the favourite is eddy curry asked who might be the first big name player to be traded this season, knicks president isiah thomas answered eddy curry and 76ers president billy king guessed kurt thomas.
2			player	game			black eyed peas to produce music for 'urbz' game the band that brought the infectious grooves of hey mama and let's get it started to nightclubs across america has signed up to do the same for a video game where success is measured by how cool players are.
3			stock			stock car racing in canada gets boost from nascar deal with cascar stock car racing in canada received a boost tuesday as nascar announced a multi year operational and marketing agreement with cascar.
2			basketball	victory	run	game			turnovers, early run seal victory for kansas at first glance, the statistics sheet from last nights basketball game against nevada indicates that kansas played exceptionally well defensively.
2			dame	coach	fan	game			fans split on notre dame coach 's firing valparaiso chuck coddington grew up in the harbor. but his heart always leaned toward south bend. i ve been to about 100 million games, said coddington, now living in demotte.
3			jean	profit	sale			levi strauss posts profit jeans maker levi strauss co. on tuesday posted a quarterly profit, compared with a year earlier loss, helped by sales of higher priced products in europe and asia and lower costs.
2			champion	race			us choose devers to replace edwards gail devers and lashaunte a moore will replace banned world champion torri edwards in the olympic 100 and 200 metres races.
4			run	technology			sprint nextel: first marital tiff the proposed merger of sprint and nextel communications could face a rocky start as the companies work to run and eventually merge two wireless technologies without breaking the bank or losing customers.
4			space	war	hardware			usaf plans space wars, world's space hardware gets nervous 'so what do we do if galileo's threatening american lives?'
3			management	airway			us airways to cut management pay, benefit us airways announced plans tuesday to cut $ 45 million a year in pay and benefits to roughly 3,700 management employees, a move the airline hopes will convince its union employees to collectively accept $ 950 million in annual cost cuts...
2			play	player	round	master			hughes picks up where he left off at masters play has begun in the australian masters at huntingdale in melbourne with around half the field of 120 players completing their first rounds.
4			reader	technology			m.i.t. technology review adopts more serious tone the mit technology review, which was introduced in 1899, is getting a makeover to help attract readers and advertisers.
3			ipo	stock	share			google up in market debut after bumpy ipo google inc. shares made their long awaited stock market debut on thursday, rising sharply to $ 100 after an initial public offering marked by missteps and lackluster market conditions.
2			team			it was a mutual decision insists richards talking in a teleconference this afternoon, david richards insisted that the ending of the consultancy contract between bar and prodive, and his subsequent departure from the team, was a mutual decision.
3			earnings			what's in the box, jack? an earnings restatement driven by accounting changes doesn't change the big picture.
1			opposition			eads seen facing hurdles inside and out over thales a blockbuster merger to make airbus parent eads an even bigger threat to us archrival boeing co. would face opposition both internally
4			project			halliburton focuses on brazil project halliburton co. has finalized an agreement to resolve outstanding issues with a troublesome project off the coast of brazil, the company announced wednesday.
2			game			beijing 2008 gets new sponsors anheuser busch and legend group have both signed on as sponsors of the beijing 2008 summer olympic games. its the first time anheuser busch, the maker of budweiser, has sponsored a summer olympics outside
4			system			directv to sell half of hughes systems rupert murdoch's directv group inc. will sell half its stake in hughes network systems inc. to skyterra, a company controlled by a new york private equity firm, the companies said monday.
4			platform	linux	server			france and china form linux alliance plans call for a linux based platform that will be usable in multiple environments, including on pcs, servers and pdas.
2			coach	classic			adjustment buoys byrd jonathan byrd was taken aside by his coach and his caddie at the 84 lumber classic in september, and told he needed to work on his demeanor.
4			system			students suspended for hacking two students are suspended by oxford university after admitting infiltrating its computer systems.
2			victory	race			'flag' storms to victory storm flag flying relished the 1 1 4 miles of the $ 400,000 personal ensign handicap yesterday, taking advantage of the distance to wear down odds on favorite azeri in the stretch and capture the grade i race at saratoga.
4			system			maryland court rejects electronic voting challenge maryland's highest court has rejected a challenge to the state's electronic voting system and upheld a ruling that touchscreen style voting machines provide a reasonable level of ballot security.
4			content	management	technology	project	access	source			objectweb adds portal content management middleware the objectweb consortium added portal, content, and business process management elements to the stack of open source middleware projects it promotes, potentially providing businesses with access to cheaper technology, members of the group announced tuesday.
4			software	management	vendor	second	application			oracle takes over peoplesoft oracle nasdaq: orcl finally has won control of peoplesoft nasdaq: psft after an 18 month takeover battle, making the redwood shores, california based company the world's second largest vendor of business management applications software.
4			profit	technology			micron technology posts profit micron technology inc. , the no. 3 computer memory chip maker, on wednesday reported a quarterly profit on stronger pricing, reversing a year earlier loss.
1			talk			mercosur, eu hope to meet trade deadline the south american trade bloc mercosur and the european union said after a ministerial meeting sunday they hope to conclude stalled talks about free trade agreement on time.
4			desktop	tool	technology	beta	version	fuel			yahoo adds fuel to desktop search rush yahoo has announced it will join the fray with a new desktop product based on technology from x1 technologies. yahoo said it plans to launch a beta version of a new yahoo desktop search tool in the coming
2			player	team	game	race			sullivan response angers players dwight yorkes former international team mate stern john has questioned birmingham chief david sullivans place in the game after his comments on footballs latest race row.
3			share			sony unveils new flat screen tvs electronics conglomerate sony have unveiled eight new flat screen televisions in a product push it hopes will help it secure a leading share of the domestic market.
1			politics			2012 olympics bids could hinge on politics, economics the fat bid books for the 2012 summer olympics are in the money grubbing hands of the international olympic committee.
2			coach			jets: edwards says pennington is still hurting jets coach herman edwards said yesterday that chad pennington still has some discomfort in his right arm, lingering effects of a strained rotator cuff.
4			use	technology			samsung taps philips for nfc technology looking to turn its mobile phones into an electronic wallet, samsung has inked a deal to use philips electronics near field communication nfc contactless chip solutions in future devices.
3			growth			soy fungus spotted in us the first us cases of asian soybean rust, a fungus that hinders plant growth and drastically cuts crop production, were found at two research sites in louisiana, officials said wednesday.
4			optimism	technology			us tech execs optimism is up us technology executives are increasingly optimistic about the business climate, although plans for increased technology spending remain modest, according to a study released yesterday.
2			football	club	saint	coach	england			southampton football club deny hoddle link glenn hoddle will not be returning to southampton football club, according to chairman rupert lowe. it had been suggested that the former england coach was set to make a controversial return to the saints
2			rating	game			swimmers, gymnasts lift nbc 's early ratings boosted by strong results from us gymnasts and swimmers, nbc 's ratings for the athens olympics first four days have topped the disappointing viewership levels of the 2000 sydney games.
4			platform	microsoft	management	server	ship			microsoft set to ship virtual server 2005 microsoft corp. next month will release virtual server 2005, its first foray into server virtualization and a key element of the broad management platform the company is creating for windows.
2			league	stadium	baseball	team			dc works to find stadium financing advocates for preserving a major league baseball team in washington, dc, said friday that their strategy involves trying to convince dc council chairwoman linda w. cropp that the city is committed to attracting private stadium financing on its own without
4			suite	pack	vendor	enterprise			bigfix eases enterprise deployment of sp2 bigfix, an enterprise security vendor, announced yesterday that its bigfix enterprise suite supports and simplifies the deployment of windows xp service pack 2 sp2 .
2			league	soccer	season	second	player	sport			martino earns second player of the week honor new york, ny sports network kyle martino has earned major league soccer 's player of the week honor for week 21 of the 2004 season.
4			tool	microsoft			yahoo adds tool to search hard drives yahoo inc. is adding a tool to search computer hard drives as it scrambles to catch up with google inc. and stay a step ahead of microsoft corp.
4			linux	technology			sun expands pay as you go supercomputing roundup plus: sgi works on linux performance technology supported by hp, samsung...realnetworks loss widens on litigation.
2			football	human	match	british	sport			human eyes can 't detect offside position in sports: health india: washington, dec 17: a new study published in the british medical journal suggests that the human eye is unable to detect an offside position during a football match.
4			technology			titanic battle over new dvd format it is being billed as the next vhs versus betamax, the seminal tv technology culture clash that left millions of pieces of domestic equipment obsolete almost as soon as they had been built.
1			minister	finance			dutch minister's world revealed in 'blog' dutch finance minister gerrit zalm says his blog personal diary on the internet gives people an idea of what it is to be a minister, with insights into his professional and private life.
4			system	ibm	technology	enterprise			ibm, cisco forge enterprise security tie ibm and cisco systems unveiled product updates that will link technology from the two companies more closely together to protect customer networks from security threats.
4			user	ibm	vendor			epcglobal: users to get rfid progress update ibm, hp, sun and manhattan associates head the list of vendors launching new products and services at this week's epcglobal u.s. conference 2004 in baltimore.
2			career			iverson's career at a crossroads at his worst, allen iverson has been seen as selfish and sullen; contentious and contradictory, a magnet for trouble away from the court.
4			use	user	software	application			making slideshows comparing photo slideshow computer applications, thomas e. weber writes for the wall street journal, those using an apple computer won t need to agonize over which slideshow program to choose. apple 's excellent ilife package $ 49; included with new macs is all they ll need. users can construct slideshows in the package 's easy to use idvd program or move slideshows from iphoto into idvd for burning onto a disc. for more effects, the imovie video editing software can add panning and zooming motion. aug 17
4			war	high	standard	technology			dvd format war heats up three hollywood studios have announced their support for the high definition dvd hd dvd standard, raising the likelihood of a tough standards war with sony 's rival blu ray technology.
2			night	sport			edwards appeal against two year ban fails torri edwards, the american sprinter, was shown no mercy here last night when the court of arbitration for sport upheld her two year doping ban.
2			english	cricket	england	match	sport			english crickets new tv deal the england and wales cricket board ecb has agreed a deal with pay tv operator sky sports for all home test matches, one day internationals, twenty20 and county action.
4			hardware	party	ibm	software	development	application			ibm expands resources for isvs as part of its ongoing effort to foster third party application development for its hardware and software businesses, ibm on monday unveiled resources in its virtual innovation center aimed
1			party	race	country			bush's convention tops kerry's in primetime polling the country may be more or less evenly divided along partisan lines when it comes to the presidential race, but the republican party prevailed in the nielsen polling of this summer's nominating conventions.
4			project	growth	technology	second			stn lcd maker edt projects above 130 cstn capacity growth in 2q ... emerging display technologies edt , specializing in small to medium stn cstn lcd panels, will ramp up its monthly capacity for cstn lcds from 30,000 units at present to 70,000 in the second quarter of 2005, according to the company.
2			play			gators anxious to play; crowder and herring will play 9 8 2004 the long mystery surrounding whether or not linebacker channing crowder and safety jarvis herring would serve their suspensions now or later has been resolved.
4			user			i keep seeing spots on my apple apple is extending its warranty for titanium and aluminum 15 inch powerbook g4 screens after users have started seeing spots before their eyes.
1			minister			five eu ministers ink peacekeeping deal five european union defense ministers signed an agreement friday to set up a law enforcement group to provide support for international peacekeeping missions.
4			user	tool	microsoft			microsoft unveils new communication, blog tools microsoft corp. unveiled on wednesday a new set of web based services allowing users of its msn service to publish and track each other's blogs, or online journals.
2			season	coach	football	source			gilbertson will step down at end of season washington coach keith gilbertson will resign at the end of the season, the associated press learned monday. a source close to the football program, speaking on condition of anonymity, said
3			shareholder			el paso shareholders vote to keep auditor shareholders in natural gas pipeline company el paso corp. ep.n: quote, profile, research on thursday rejected a bid to fire pricewaterhousecoopers llp as the company 's
4			platform	software	linux	generation			linux based software platform for 3g phones nec corporation and panasonic mobile announced that they have developed a linux based software platform for third generation 3g mobile phones.
4			software	management	version	storage			ca polishes up brightstor products computer associates on monday announced it is upgrading and consolidating its storage management software line. the computer software giant is offering 13 new versions of its brightstor storage management
1			minister			iran digs heels in on uranium enrichment the eu cannot force iran to give up its right to enrich uranium, iran 's foreign minister says, apparently slamming the door on european union efforts to halt the process
3			share			asking is too much for jeeves an unsatisfactory conference call and disappointing forecasts send the search engine's shares tumbling.
4			platform	tool	ibm	technology	developer	application			ibm offers developers modeling transition tool looking to enable transitions between application modeling platforms, ibm this week is making available the ibm model transformation framework mtf on its alphaworks site for previewing technologies.
4			user	technology	mail	storage			not to be outfeatured, yahoo adds e mail storage yahoo is now providing 250 megabytes of e mail storage for users of its free e mail service, up from 100 mb. the company also unveiled an anti spam authentication technology called domainkeys
3			cell	sale			motorola to introduce 20 new cell phones motorola inc., which is introducing 20 new cell phones as it tries to avoid slipping to no. 3 in the market, signaled its confidence wednesday for strong holiday sales and said there are no further product delays in sight.
2			coach	team	club	mike			fratello: no deal yet to coach grizzlies mike fratello had a nice conversation with the memphis grizzlies about the team's vacant coaching position, but said no deal was in place for him to take over the club sunday.
2			season			button vows to stand by decision. jenson button has said that he will abide by the ruling handed down by the contract recognition board despite it saying that he must remain at bar for at least another season.
3			value			mci posts $ 3.4 billion loss on charges telecommunications firm mci inc. on thursday posted a hefty third quarter loss, saddled by costs from writing down the value of its network as the reorganized telecom faces intensifying industry competition.
2			final	game	race			olympic bids in: let the quest begin the race for the 2012 summer olympics entered its final phase yesterday, as candidate cities from new york to moscow released the formal bids they hope will land them the games.
4			ibm	technology	lawsuit			ibm settles pension suit, take charge international business machines ibm has settled portions of an ongoing lawsuit related to pensions, and will take a charge of $ 320 million in the current quarter, the technology company said wednesday.
2			team	country	franchise			perth selected to host australia 's new super 14 rugby team the australian rugby union chose perth over melbourne to host the country 's fourth rugby union franchise when the annual super 12 competition expands to 14 teams from 2006.
2			jeff	coach	final	sport			psychologist cutback to blame: claim rowing australia, the australian olympic committee aoc and women 's coach harold jahrling had to take some responsibility for sally robbins failure to keep going in the women 's eight final, sports psychologist jeff bond said.
4			animal	reserve	researcher	technology			giant pandas in china reserve get wi fi giant pandas may well prefer bamboo to laptops, but wireless technology is helping researchers in china in their efforts to protect the engandered animals living in the remote wolong nature reserve.
2			basketball	coach	team	season			majerus to coach usc next season rick majerus was hired wednesday to coach the usc basketball team, but he will not take over the position until the 2005 06 season.
2			race	series	listing	cup	sport			ea sports 500 results results sunday from the ea sports 500 race for nascar 's nextel cup series at talladega superspeedway, listing starting position in parentheses, driver, car, laps completed with reason out if not running at the finish, and money won:
4			war	platform	strength			star wars: revenge of the sith for handhelds developed by ubisoft 's montreal studio, star wars: revenge of the sith on psp, ds, and gba will fully leverage the strengths of each handheld platform.
4			high	technology			china 's high tech hero liu chuanzhi,chairman of lenovo, thechinese computer company, clearly recalls his early tentative dealings with international business machines, the mighty us technology group, in 1985.
4			system	spacecraft	generation			us air force launches a gps satellite the us air force launched a global positioning system satellite saturday from cape canaveral, fla. it was the 12th successful launch of the new generation gps iir spacecraft.
2			championship	team	series	win	beat	game	bowl			notebook: huskies say sjsu game is must win with the huskies reeling at 0 4 the only member of a bowl championship series conference left without a win an jose state suddenly looms as the only team left on the schedule that uw will be favored to beat.
2			play	fan			phish farewell attracts thousands jam band phish play their last gigs together at a special festival in the us which has attracted thousands of fans.
4			user			sony zooms in with new tv tech sony corporation will introduce eight new flat screen televisions, which drastically elevate three fundamental elements: picture clarity, audio fidelity and easy user operation all of which, allows the user to see all that is possible within the new
3			shareholder	share			hollinger shares soar on buyout proposal shares of hollinger inc. soared friday after embattled press baron conrad black announced plans to buy out other shareholders of the publicly traded canadian company at the center of his business empire.
4			cell			ramones reclaim place in history standing onstage at madison square garden last summer, pearl jam frontman eddie vedder pulled out a cell phone to call johnny ramone at home. before dialing, vedder explained his motivation for the long distance shout out.
2			league	card	marlin	team	series	game			florida marlins team report september 14 the florida marlins continue their pursuit of the national league wild card spot, as they continue a five game series against the montreal expos.
4			monaco	technology			nokia says cellphone future is smart monaco itweb, 3 november 2004 nokia unveiled several new products, including a web browsing, image oriented wide screen handset, at its mobility conference in monaco, where the emphasis has been on smartphones and supporting technology.
2			ranger	run	uefa	unbeaten	cup	match	sport			uefa cup: rangers unbeaten run ends alkmaar, the netherlands sports network rangers 16 match unbeaten run came to an end thursday as it lost at az alkmaar, 1 0, in a uefa cup encounter.
2			race			intel updates on 65nm , 8 30 2004. with 90 nanometer chips now on the market, the race for the next node 65nm is now underway. intel is on track for initial production of chips based on 65 nanometer process
4			expectation	licensing	profit	system	software			siebel systems swings to 3q profit software maker siebel systems inc. on wednesday said its third quarter results swung to a profit on improved licensing revenue, but missed analyst expectations.
3			share			roche shares slip as genentech faces rituxan subpoena swiss drugmaker roche 's quote, profile, research majority owned biotech firm genentech inc dna.n: quote, profile, research faces an investigation by us
4			use	investment	broadband	technology			mccaw 's clearwire goes wimax, intel makes significant investment here 's one way to jumpstart wimax deployment: make a significant investment in a wireless broadband company that promises to use your technology and products.
2			club			krasner turns to local bidders leeds chairman gerald krasner is confident the club will be in the hands of new owners before christmas after turning his attention to a group of local businessmen and his back on sebastien sainsbury.
4			goal	wifi	technology	access			wireless san francisco reuters has a story about gavin newsom finally getting wifi and wanting to hookup san francisco: san francisco reuters san francisco mayor gavin newsom has set a goal of providing free wireless internet activity in his city that sees itself as a vanguard of the internet revolution. we will not stop until every san franciscan has access to free wireless internet service, he said in his annual state of the city address on thursday. these technologies will connect our residents to the skills and the jobs of the new economy. the issue i have is that i'm not sure my tax dollars need to pay for this. i'm also pretty sure that the city will screw it up. why not just do this. allow ...
4			user			trojan horse can spread spam to mobile phones get inq7 breaking news on your smart mobile phone in the philippines. send inq7 breaking to 386. antivirus firm sophos has warned mobile phone users that spammers are using a newly
2			generation	ipod	sport			rumors of next generation of ipods xyankee writes apple is on the verge of releasing a 60gb ipod that will not only hold a ton of music, but also sport photo viewing capabilities!
4			price	cell	technology	fuel			smaller, more powerful pc fuel cell is on the way a fuel cell for notebook pcs that is smaller and more powerful than competing technologies could be on the market in early 2006 at a price of around $ 90, its japanese inventors said this week.
2			percent	sport			safety gap grows wider between s.u.v.'s and cars people driving or riding in a sport utility vehicle in 2003 were nearly 11 percent more likely to die in an accident than people in cars.
3			management			senior management too lax with information security as information security threats have grown more lethal in the past decade, many senior executives still remain in the dark when it comes to protecting their organizations.
4			grid	database	tool	software	technology	server	application			oracle launches business intelligence tools oracle has launched a new set of business intelligence bi tools for its grid enabled database technology. the bi 10g product has been separated out of oracle 's existing application server software.
2			run	team	good	fan	match	sport			the match that always bears a grudge in sport few teams attract universal love, and in rugby the tribal thing runs deep. gloucester fans will never welcome harlequins into their shed, bath 's followers haven 'ta good word to say about gloucester
2			cricket	game			cricket: a new twist on bowling international cricket is set to revise the most controversial of the 42 laws that govern the playing of the game, based a report from an expert committee.
4			cell	software	microsoft			microsoft sees music opportunity in cell phones u.s. software giant microsoft is aiming to get its audio and video software into mobile phones before it is beaten to the 650 million handsets a year market by rivals like apple.
2			team	hockey	captain	win	cup	match			sweden opens hockey world cup with win over germany toronto maple leafs captain mats sundin shone in sweden 's opening 5 2 win over germany at the world cup of hockey tuesday, scoring once and providing two assists in a match with contrasting team tactics.
4			development			metro opens its newest station metro opened its newest station yesterday amid hopes that it would spark more economic development in the city 's northeast commercial district along florida and new york avenues while serving residents in the nearby, emerging neighborhoods.
4			developer	microsoft	server			microsoft extends sql server intelligence bookselling giant barnes and noble outlined plans to implement the sql server 2000 business intelligence offering. sql server 2000 will significantly reduce the time it takes our developers to aggregate data.
4			linux	software	version			palmsource to release linux version of palm os after completing their purchase of mobile phone company china mobilesoft, palmsource indicated a linux version of their software would soon be available.
1			cabinet	country	minister	party	president	deputy			first woman deputy in zimbabwe zimbabwe s ruling party today elected long time cabinet minister joyce mujuru as the country 's first woman vice president.
2			coach	talk	sport			successful, respected coach usually has last laugh before we talk about the possibility rick majerus is the greatest coaching hire in usc sports history, let 's acknowledge that his arrival wednesday raised a number of questions.
2			football	team	country	violence	coach			spain coach faces investigation spain 's anti violence commission have asked the country 's football federation to open a disciplinary case against national team coach luis aragones.
4			user	software	vendor	licensing			study: software vendors, users at odds over licensing software publishers and users are at odds about software licensing, according a study released monday.
4			user	patent	microsoft	software			microsoft has your back microsoft is expanding its indemnification program for windows and other software products in order to shield users from legal claims and patent disputes.
1			election			election fraud 20004 fraud is not a word that one uses lightly. indeed, in the context of a presidential election, using it exposes one to dismissal as the very thought of it is distasteful. this time, however, the evidence is clear and unmistakable.
2			shot	jay	oriole	game	inning	sport	mike			sports: orioles 9 blue jays 5 palmeiro 's ninth inning shot left him one behind mike schmidt for tenth place on the all time list. the orioles won for the eighth time in their last ten road games.
2			league	stadium	baseball	team			minors in so. maryland? a group pushing to bring minor league baseball to charles county said tuesday that it hopes to build a $ 18 million stadium and put a team on the field in 2006.
1			president			exxon mobil director longwell to retire exxon mobil corp. said monday that executive vice president and board member harry j. longwell, 63, plans to retire at the end of the year after serving nine years as a director and 41 years with the company.
4			integration	management			wachovia names capital management head wachovia corp., the fourth largest us bank, on thursday said its capital management chief will retire from the company and be replaced by the head of the group in charge of its integration with recently acquired southtrust corp.
3			dealer	holding			diamonds stolen at paris show two diamonds jointly worth together worth over 7.8 million have disappeared from an antique dealers show in paris. during the event at the famous louvre museum, a glass case holding the jewels was forced open.
1			president	election			somali mps vote for president, counting starts somali officials began counting votes cast by lawmakers sunday in a presidential election aimed at returning national government to the chaotic horn of africa state for the first time in 13 years.
4			science	researcher	project			speech recognition on a chip inside three years the us national science foundation has awarded a $ 1m grant to researchers in the us who want to put speech recognition on a chip, a move the project 's proponents claim will revolutionise the way we communicate.
3			finance			advocacy groups and campaigns: an uneasy shuttle the flow of people between the campaigns and advocacy groups is alarming those who fought for tighter campaign finance rules.
1			election			gao to probe vote counting urged on by democratic lawmakers, the government accountability office plans to investigate the way votes were counted in the presidential election. the office cautions, however, that it is powerless to act if irregularities are found.
2			season			long summer for airlines the peak summer travel season traditionally gives the us airlines a revenue lift, but this year struggling carriers will be glad to see the back of the third quarter.
4			growth	system			informal lenders in china pose risks to banking system the growth of a shadow banking system poses a stiff challenge to china's state owned banks, already burdened with bad debt.
4			software	microsoft	development			microsoft to expand operations in india microsoft corp. said monday that it will continue to expand its software development operations in india as it opened a new campus near hyderabad.
4			system	microsystems	version			sun to introduce newest version of solaris today sun microsystems plans to unveil on monday the latest version of its flagship solaris operating system. it also intends to offer a free version of the program to
3			shareholder			shareholders ok wachovia southtrust merger shareholders of wachovia corp. and southtrust corp. overwhelmingly approved a $ 14.3 billion deal for wachovia to acquire the alabama based bank on thursday.
4			platform	microsystems	upgrade	developer	application			sun upgrades j2se platform application developers got several new options last week as sun microsystems updated j2se, borland upped its corba ante, and compuware announced products that will work with microsofts visual studio 2005 toolbox.
2			tournament	team	play	fifa	player	coach	cup	game	opener	match			update 1 fifa orders germany to play world cup opener fifa has ordered 2006 world cup hosts germany to play in the tournament 's opening match, dashing the hopes of their coach juergen klinsmann who wanted to delay his team 's first game to keep the pressure off his players.
2			champion	game			endurance swimmers short changed at olympics: hackett australia 's olympic 1,500 metres champion grant hackett says long distance swimmers are being robbed of their chance to shine at the athens games.
4			platform	hardware	system	software	technology	storage			crossroads to develop intelligent iscsi storage crossroads systems has announced it is collaborating with ivivity to develop new gateway and intelligent iscsi storage systems. the new products will provide intelligent crossroads storage routing software in a hardware platform based on ivivity's idisxsilicon technology.
4			high	technology			high tech city to go up in southern india southern india's kerala state plans to create a 1,000 acre 400 hectare zone called smart city, where technology companies from around the world will be invited to set up operations, an official said friday.
1			parliament			india's parliament speaker threatens to quit the speaker of india's parliament has threatened to resign, saying some members' accusations that he was behaving like a dictator had caused him agony.
2			basketball	series	single	wizard	season	game			wizards court singles the wizards will host a series of dating games this season in a marketing effort to lure people to watch some basketball.
4			system	voip	application	development			at forms voip interop program in a move its ip voice services forward, at announced tuesday sept. 21 that is has formed an innovation and interoperability program to foster development of applications and systems for its voice over ip voip network.
1			politics	january	goal	election	violence	conflict			sadr calls for ceasefire government forces and will soon unveil plans to pursue his goals through politics rather than conflict, aides say. this year, to renounce violence and to enter the political arena ahead of elections due to be held in january.
2			medal	champion	game	win			felix sanchez of dominican republic wins men 's 400m hurdles gold twice world champion felix sanchez of dominican republic won the men 's 400m hurdles gold medal at the olympic games here on thursday.
3			good			china signs contract for airbus jets china signed contracts monday worth nearly $ 2.1 billion to buy 23 airbus jetliners and other german industrial goods. the $ 1.3 billion airbus deal calls for a state company that
4			good	technology			techs can't find hangover cure there's plenty of good news out there in the technology sector, particularly when it comes to e commerce powerhouses like ebay and amazon, and portals like yahoo.
4			software	engineer			google to scan millions of library books google announced yesterday that they have agreements with several large libraries to scan books whose copyrights have expired. joseph o sullivan, software engineer and adam m. smith, business product manager
1			nation	election	president	crisis	opposition			ukraine's kuchma calls for foreign help ukraine's outgoing president leonid kuchma accused the opposition saturday of reneging on compromise agreements and called for quick foreign mediation of his nation's post election political crisis.
4			user	software	management	mail	application			squarespace lets users manage multi page web sites anthony casalena was 17 when he got his first job as a programmer for a start up called hyperoffice, a software company that makes e mail and contact management applications for the web. hired as an intern, he became a regular programmer after two weeks and rewrote the main product line.
2			player	game	tiger			krauser sinks tigers from free throw line carl krauser and his new york teammates won another home game. krauser, one of seven new york city area players on no.
2			title	championship	team	series	season	game	bowl			tcu, louisville try to leave c usa champs tcu helped change the bowl championship series, even though its season ended at home. the horned frogs won their first 10 games last season, and reached sixth in the bcs standings, the highest ranking for a team not in one of the bcs conferences. a loss at southern miss ended tcu's bid of becoming the first bcs outsider to break into a big money bowl game. that also cost the frogs the conference usa title and sent them to the inaugural fort worth bowl.
4			computing	price			xp price cut may be just the beginning a tiny yet important crack has opened, with little notice, in the great windows monopoly that surrounds personal computing.
4			development	source			mozilla nears firefox finale with a preview of firefox 1.0 ready for release, the open source development group says it is also preparing for a grassroots marketing push.
4			technology			the next big thing for government in a discussion that lasted for more than an hour, experts batted around a multitude of ideas that included wireless technology and the reason it will be so big, information security and assurance, and how to deal with budget tightening.
3			sale	earnings	trading			rentokil warns of lower earnings services firm rentokil initial has warned of a likely deterioration in trading into the first half of 2005 and earmarked some asset sales, as it continues to suffer from shrinking margins.
4			microsoft	tool	system	software	management	server	application			dell, microsoft partner up the companies are integrating dell openmanage 4 systems management software with microsoft systems management server sms 2003 to unify the tools needed to update system software, operating systems os and applications to one interface that customers
3			investment	trading			update 1: giuliani creates investment banking firm former mayor rudolph giuliani, who aggressively targeted insider trading during his days as a federal prosecutor, is cozying up to wall street launching his own investment banking firm.
4			system	ship	microsoft	version			microsoft sets 2006 target for next windows version microsoft corp. msft.o said on friday it will ship the next version of windows in 2006, but scaled back plans to include a new system for finding and storing information in its flagship operating system.
4			investment	ibm	technology	rise			ibm chief sees global tech spending rise companies will spend more money next year on information technology and other capital investments compared with 2004, the chief executive of the world's biggest computer company, ibm corp, said on friday.
1			president			colombia's poor inherit drug estates president alvaro uribe has accelerated a program that redistributes land confiscated from narcotraffickers.
1			leader	opposition	general			bangladesh at standstill in fourth opposition strike in a week dhaka : bangladesh was brought to a standstill by the fourth general strike in a week called by the opposition, which has stepped up its campaign to oust the government since an assassination attempt on its leader.
4			system	high	speed			supreme court to hear isp, cable dispute the supreme court said friday it will consider whether internet providers should be allowed to sell their high speed service over the cable television system.
2			team	development			jerez testing, day 1, 08 12 04 a dry day in jerez saw team drivers giancarlo fisichella and franck montagny conducting tyre development for michelin.
4			use	server	networking	switch			dell, topspin tout infiniband clusters dell's new servers, which use 96 port ts270 switch and other networking equipment, will be available by oct. 31, dell said.
2			player	jason	baseball	sport			winning isn 't everything two recent events have me thinking that maybe we put too much importance on winning in sports. first, there were reports that baseball superstars barry bonds and jason giambi took steroids, drugs that can help make players stronger.
4			technology			technology to drive changes in search engine marketing technology to drive changes in search engine marketing the coming years will be much more interesting as the business of search transits from its adolescence into adulthood. search engine marketing has matured and is now viewed as an important component in mainstream marketing. the environment is going to change becoming more ...
4			use	team	technology			idf: dueling ultrawideband teams to push ahead backers of two different types of uwb ultrawideband networks next week will announce moves toward consumer products that use the short range wireless technology.
3			stock			panel recommends sharp cuts in fish stocks catches of cod and other fish stocks must be drastically reduced or even stopped in the north sea to help populations recover from years of overfishing, an independent expert panel said monday.
4			system			calpers: corporate reformer under fire the california public employees' retirement system, a state agency that used its power to influence corporations
4			technology	second			lucent cutting retiree benefits again for the second time in a year, telecommunications equipment maker lucent technologies inc. is reducing benefits promised to thousands of its retirees.
3			growth	top	sale			tvs, cameras top holiday plans the consumer electronics association predicts solid growth in gadget sales this year.
2			game			musicians are making tracks to video games winning a spot on madden nfl's soundtrack is a new route to an old audience, as sure a bet as any when it comes to grabbing a prized demographic.
2			shooting	ball	golf	sport			nanotech golf ball corrects its own flight straight shooting ball is one of a slew of nanotechnology products aimed at the sports market.
1			president	development			when it comes to fly fishing, he's hooked a funny thing happened when dr. burt a. adelman, executive vice president for development at cambridge biotech giant biogen idec, bought a fly rod for his son ian on his 16th birthday.
1			election			klein's bizarre start to cakewalk election raises eyebrows in alberta calgary cp is ralph klein's political antenna broken?
4			identification	suite	frequency	ibm	technology			ibm broadens suite of rfid services ibm corp. on tuesday will announce an expansion of its services for companies seeking help with radio frequency identification rfid technology.
2			medal	tournament	korea	sport			korea to lodge appeal south korea confirmed yesterday they will lodge an appeal with sport 's supreme legal body over scoring errors at the olympic gymnastics tournament which robbed them of a gold medal.
4			software	developer			mcafee's trojan horse error gets developer's goat a software developer whose program was accidentally labeled a threat is considering action against the antivirus company.
4			beat	content	feature	technology			blu ray burns for interactive content flashy features could tempt consumers and that tempts hollywood, which could help blu ray beat out a rival technology.
2			player	team			sacramento kings release liu, two others liu wei, a starting guard for the chinese national team, was among three players released by the sacramento kings on sunday.
3			share	investor	stock	software	sale	gain			stocks: shares gain as deals encourage investors new york us stocks rose monday after the software maker peoplesoft accepted oracle 's buyout offer and data showed better than expected november retail sales, signaling an uptick in consumer spending.
4			pas	identity	trading	technology	use	airport	project			trading privacy for convenience a test project, now in use at reagan national airport, aims to give frequent fliers a quicker pass through security checkpoints by using the latest biometric technologies such as eye scans to verify a passenger's identity.
3			user	profit			virgin mobile adds more customers virgin mobile added 647,000 new users in the last half year as turnover grew by 18, but profits were down due to rising costs.
4			microsoft	software	weakness	code	application	flaw			code targets microsoft jpeg flaw code that exploits a weakness in the way many microsoft applications process jpeg images has been published on the internet. microsoft only discovered the security flaw, which could allow software viewing
2			race			religious groups compete to court voters in voter registration drives, sermons and voter guides, religious groups from across the ideological spectrum have intensified the level of their political activity this year, prompted in part by right left culture clashes and the legacy of the tight presidential race in 2000.
4			software			bmc directs bsm onto batch windows bmc software inc. will today launch software that it says will provide a clear picture of the status of those batch processes that underpin the delivery of key business services so that failing jobs can be
3			share	growth	earnings	stock	price			at google, earnings soar, and share price follows google inc. 's already soaring stock price rocketed even higher on thursday after reporting strong growth in its first quarter as a public company, prompting skeptics
1			minister			u.s. resists changing stance amid climate warnings meteorologists warned on wednesday that 2004 would be one of the hottest years since records began as environment ministers tried to crack u.s. resistance to joining international efforts against global warming.
3			investor	holding			news corp takes poison pill tony eastley: us investors have reacted with caution to a move by media mogul, rupert murdoch, to shore up his family 's holdings in news corporation.
4			software	version			first look: musicmatch jukebox's impressive version 10 free software helps organize large music collections.
3			investor	stock			stocks may open lower on jobs report u.s. stocks are seen flat to slightly lower at the open monday as investors grapple with friday's disappointing jobs report...
2			game	president			fury over 'shoot jfk video game a new computer game which recreates john f kennedy 's assassination was branded despicable yesterday by late president 's family.
4			leader	silicon	ipo	technology			tech pros on what google ipo means for silicon valley the initial public offering of internet search leader google riveted the attention of the technology world and served as a reminder that silicon valley remains a unique place in the business world.
2			career	champion	title			quick pick is de la hoya at first glance, it appears the advantages lie with undisputed middleweight champion bernard hopkins in his title defense against oscar de la hoya tonight. but looks can be deceiving, as de la hoya has proven throughout his career.
4			upgrade	networking	technology			nortel upgrades communication technology networking provider upgrades a slew of products so large companies can better connect their workers.
2			morning	sport			finally, events are in track spotlight after a week of swimming, gymnastics, synchronized diving, and beach volleyball, the olympic menu will offer a steady diet of its bread and butter sport beginning this morning.
1			presidency	opposition			ukraine's unity is under threat by vote impasse as many as 3,500 officials voted to seek autonomy if the opposition continues to seek the presidency for viktor a. yushchenko.
2			game			valve prevails in cyber cafe rights case judge rules that vu games is not authorized to distribute valve games in cyber cafes; other claims, amount of damages remain at issue.
3			profit	sale	holding			cost cuts boost kmart quarterly profit kmart holding corp. kmrt.o on monday reported its third consecutive quarterly profit as cost cuts made up for slumping sales, and its cash pile grew to about 2.6 billion.
2			game			sony launches portable games pad sony has launched its first handheld games console, the playstation portable psp , which it hopes will challenge nintendo in the portable games market.
3			profit			state street profit lower job cuts coming financial services company state street corp. stt.n: quote, profile, research on tuesday said quarterly profit fell more than wall street had expected as foreign
2			offensive	game	season			nets get knicked up the nets looked at tuesday 's game as another chance to climb out of the huge hole they created for themselves with their early season offensive struggles and prove to the knicks that they haven 't overtaken them just yet.
2			play			microsoft's open sesame moment when you're a company under the watchful eye of governments around the globe for being the 800 pound gorilla of the computer industry, it helps to play nice.
1			crisis	specie			thousands of unsung species co endangered extinction of a species is not just a permanent loss of biological diversity, but may have ripple effects as co dependent species suffer from the absence of what may be linked predator prey relationships. astrobiology magazine the global extinction crisis ignores thousands of affiliated species that are also at risk of being wiped out, making the list of endangered species much larger and more serious than originally thought, says a study produced in part at the university of alberta...
4			priority	hardware			sun: we ve turned over a new leaf com september 21, 2004, 10:08 am pt. with the economy slowly turning up, upgrading hardware has been on businesses radar in the past 12 months as their number two priority.
4			tool	software	application			autodesk updates hobbyist tool the software maker has released autosketch 9, an update of its drafting application.
2			game	sale			half life 2 set for mid november the sequel to one of the most lauded computer games ever, half life 2, is to go on sale in mid november.
4			share	software	microsoft	code			microsoft to share office software code microsoft corp. said on sunday that it would share the underlying software code for its office program as part of its efforts to make governments more confident in the security and compatibility
1			talk			progress on eurostar strike talks eurostar describes talks with the rmt union aimed at averting strike action as very constructive .
4			system	microsoft	seattle	technology			microsoft, cisco tie up to coordinate technologies seattle, october 19: microsoft corp and cisco systems inc on monday said they would work more closely to make their products work more reliably with each other.
2			beat	player	team	redskin			portis the showman remains a team player from the first day of the washington redskins first minicamp in march, clinton portis was marching to a different beat. while his teammates were practically swooning over their first practice under returning
2			game			photo 2 of 8: global gamers clash for cash $ 2.5 million in prize money is on the line as gamers from uzbekistan to ecuador compete in the world cyber games.
2			sport	football	diego	cuba			maradona in havana for drug treatment: sports india havana, sep 21 : argentine football legend diego maradona will be admitted to the mental health centre hospital in cuba for treatment of his cocaine addiction.
3			enterprise	access			oracle unveils standalone business intelligence product oracle corp. on monday introduced a standalone business intelligence product that 's designed to address a large portion of an enterprise 's analytical requirements, including information access
2			team			rutan meets his rocket heroes private spaceflight pioneer burt rutan meets his heroes remaining members of wernher von braun's rocket team.
3			sale			passion sells 2.4m copies on dvd the passion of the christ sells 2.4 million copies on dvd in its first few hours on sale in the us.
3			card	sale			american express suing card companies over sale of cards by us ... american express co. said monday it was suing rivals visa and mastercard for blocking the sale of its credit cards through us banks.
4			server	microsoft	technology	second			preview of sql server 2005 released web host industry review according to a report by , microsoft has released the second community technology preview for sql server 2005.
2			tim	point	series	baseball	game	sport			lately, it's been fast times world series analyst tim mccarver noted last week that his boss, fox sports chairman david hill, had made the point that baseball isn't a slow game, it's a fast game in terms of constant strategy and decision making.
4			microsoft	software	code	alternative	application	access	source			microsoft relents on office source code microsoft will let governments access the computer code behind its office software as part of a broader campaign to provide alternatives to open source applications.
1			war			macs do star wars dirty work painstaking effort and computer power went into cleaning up the original star wars trilogy for its dvd release.
2			nba	game	season			nba considering taking games to china the nba is considering playing some of its regular season games in china, commissioner david stern said friday.
2			general	play			music handhelds are going visual hand held entertainment gizmos don 't just play music anymore. they have morphed into general purpose devices that display photos on full color screens and, in some cases, even play video.
4			movie	game	technology			video game makers go hollywood. uh oh. seeking to establish the medium as a mass market form of entertainment instead of a niche technology, the game industry has taken the playbook of the movie business.
4			platform	tool	upgrade	ibm	development	developer			ibm, borland upgrade developer tools ibm and borland have both upgraded their development platforms to focus more on business process automation.
2			classic	race	championship			classic 5,000 metres in store at helsinki a race for the ages is in prospect at next year 's helsinki world championships if three of the world 's great runners stay fit, healthy and focused.
4			flaw	technology			secrecy shrouds us e vote machines the three companies that certify the us voting technologies operate in secrecy, and refuse to discuss flaws in the atm like machines to be used by nearly one in three voters in the presidential poll in november.
4			software	enterprise			oracle again extends offer for peoplesoft oracle corp.'s hostile bid to acquire rival enterprise software maker peoplesoft inc. for $ 7.7 billion is set to continue for a bit longer.
2			coach			coach is breaking rules this is a great operation with virtually no competition. don't let this one slip by.
4			software	database			sybase looks ahead to rfid the database and mobile software company is set to reveal details on updates to its flagship products and outline rfid plans.
2			franchise	game	developer			star trek to boldly go massively multiplayer in 2007 san francisco based developer perpetual entertainment has announced that it has secured the rights to create a massively multiplayer game based on viacom 's star trek franchise, which it plans to release in 2007.
2			play	cricket	team	sport			indian cricket team in dhaka: sports india, cricket: dhaka, dec 8 : a 15 member indian cricket squad wednesday arrived here amidst tight security to play two tests and three one day internationals against bangladesh.
2			round	toyota	race	season	sport			sports round up italy 's jarno trulli will race for toyota in japan and brazil, the last two races of the formula one season, after leaving renault.
3			share	gain	trading			strong demand as italy sells utility shares shares of enel, the dominant electricity company in italy, had their biggest gain in seven months on monday, the first day of trading after the italian government sold shares
2			team	football	kick			picks and kicks most football teams don 't get chances like the browns had yesterday in a month, let alone in one afternoon. the browns wasted field position, squandered takeaways, and as happened many times
4			system	run	application			using windows on macs apple computer 's os x, the operating system in its macintosh personal computers, is apple 's most windows friendly os to date, but it won 't run windows applications.
4			microsoft	sender	software	mail	technology			spammers using sender authentication too, study says new technology for identifying the sender of e mail messages has not been widely adopted despite backing from software giant microsoft corp. and may not be effective at stopping unsolicited commercial e mail, otherwise known as spam, according to a survey by e mail security company ciphertrust inc.
2			night	game	football			network apologizes for steamy monday night football opening abc is apologizing for a steamy pre game intro to its monday night football broadcast with some of the actresses from desperate housewives.
4			system	ibm	technology			ibm, boeing join forces to seek government it contracts through a 10 year alliance announced yesterday, the two companies will develop advanced digital communications and information technologies for current and future department of defense and intelligence systems.
2			team			x prize launch set for wednesday at mojave; canadians on hold following its successful test flight in june, the american mojave aerospace team, led by burt rutan and backed by paul allen, plans to launch its first official flight in pursuit of the $ 10 million ansari x prize on wednesday.
2			sport	president	colorado			plane carrying nbc president ebersol crashes in colorado n.b.c. sports chairman and president dick ebersol survived a charter plane crash that killed at least two people, nbc said in a statement.
3			fund	sale			bidders line up for abbey life funds spain 's santander central hispano plans to raise an initial 1 billion pounds from the sale of closed life books owned by abbey national, the sunday times says.
3			jump	profit	sale			defense sales boost boeing profit 78 ebounding from an ethics scandal that torpedoed a $ 22 billion deal to lease new refueling tankers to the air force, boeing ba on wednesday reported a 78 jump
4			microsoft	system	ibm	server	integration	version			microsoft updates its ibm connectivity server microsoft on tuesday unveiled the 2004 version of its host integration server his product, which is designed to integrate ibm mainframes and servers with windows systems.
2			race	win	sport			uk teacher wins us ultra marathon a cornish teacher claims one of sport's endurance crowns by winning a 3,100 mile race across the us.
4			outsourcing	technology			bangalore thrives, chokes on outsourcing flood when narrow colonial era streets get jammed with evening traffic in india's technology capital, the radio disc jockey on car stereos turns agony aunt.
2			meter	medal	point	win	sport			sports: sanchez wins 400 hurdles athens, greece the dominican republic has its first olympic gold medal. felix sanchez won the men 's 400 meter hurdles in 47 point 63 seconds.
4			system			arm buys artisan with the acquisition of artisan, arm will be able to deliver a broad portfolio of system on chip intellectual property to its customers, says arm chief executive warren east.
2			play	player	movie	game			wish you were here want a wireless, hand held game player that plays movies, music, and more? meet the sony playstation portable known as psp.
4			microsoft	system	technology	drop	version			microsoft to release new windows in '06 microsoft corp. will drop a much touted new technology for organizing and storing data when it releases the next version of its windows operating system as expected in 2006.
4			ibm	feature	technology	protection			ibm laptop features fingerprint scanner ibm announced on monday the launch of a new line of thinkpad notebooks designed to provide an extra layer of data protection through advanced fingerprint technology.
4			space	outsourcing	technology	second			infosys to set up second outsourcing facility in china indian outsourcing company infosys technologies ltd. moved into its shanghai office in february. now, the company is running out of space and is scouting locations for a second outsourcing facility in china, a company executive said wednesday.
1			leader	election			karzai takes early lead as vote counting begins interim leader hamid karzai was strongly favored in early results from the vote count of afganistan 's landmark presidential ballot yesterday as elections workers took a break to mark the beginning of the islamic holy month of ramadan.
4			tool	supply			ebay home building from air filters and appliances to sinks and shingles, one could conceivably build an entire house using supplies and tools bought at ebay.
3			inventory			intel pulls plug on 4 gigahertz chip in recent months, intel delayed several chips and recalled other, defective ones. it overestimated demand, thereby causing an inventory glut.
3			share			biogen mulling bid for ireland's elan u.s. drug company biogen idec is considering an all share bid of more than 8.5 billion euros 10.6 billion for irish peer elan, a newspaper reported on sunday.
4			user	software	patch			oracle moves to quarterly patch release schedule oracle corp. today announced that it is moving to a quarterly patch release schedule in response to user demands for a more predictable process for applying needed security fixes to the company 's software.
2			point	game	team	dream			dominant us women's squad a true dream team through five games, the us women are outscoring opponents by 29 points a game. they've been dominant to the point of ennui. they crush their opponents on the glass, hand out twice as many assists per game, and, generally, have it their way, every game. they lead the olympics in nine statistical categories.
4			integration			business integration glossary this comprehensive glossary provides a definition of terms related to business integration
1			leader	walk			martin treads hostile political ground to pay tribute to lost sailor halifax cp it takes grace, empathy and tact to stand as a country's symbolic pall bearer. national leaders must walk a fine line in times of tragedy, a balance that was especially delicate for paul martin here sunday.
4			platform	tool	ibm	software	development	code			ibm 's atlantic tools platform set to sail ibm rational on wednesday plans to flesh out complete plans for the upcoming ibm software development platform, code named atlantic.
2			white	team	captain	jean	coach	cup	sport			garrison extended; king retires as fed cup coach white plains, ny sports network zina garrison was given a one year contract extension to remain captain of the american fed cup team, while the legendary billie jean king retired as a coach for the squad.
3			shareholder	earnings			kreme filled earnings krispy kreme shareholders hope for a break from the badness in this week's earnings report.
2			final	team	hockey	play	cup	game			finns in toronto is case canada loses, slovakia 's chara ok to play team finland arrived in toronto on tuesday on the off chance that canada loses its world cup of hockey quarter final game against slovakia.
3			stock			telekom to buy back t online german telecommunications giant telekom on saturday announced plans to take its internet unit off the stock market in a 2.9 billion $ 3.
4			growth	profit	ibm	technology	computing			ibm 's profit growth shows tech recovery hanging on ibm, a barometer of trends in the computing business, has reported a solid quarterly performance that pointed to modest if uneven improvement in the corporate technology sector.
4			system	vendor	version			palmsource unveils cobalt 6.1 os palmsource will ratchet up the competition among wireless os vendors this week by announcing cobalt 6.1, the latest version of its mobile operating system. the main emphasis of the new palmsource os is on wireless connectivity, putting it on a par with microsofts windows mobile and nokias symbian mobile oses.
4			technology			state cancels two technology contracts the state technology office plans to cancel two multimillion dollar contracts, now that several investigations have discovered two companies were given unfair advantages.
4			system	hacker	software			feds: anger drove varian hacker: disgruntled ex programmer ... a vindictive software programmer upset about his cancelled contract snuck into varian semiconductor equipment associates inc. 's computer system and zapped out e commerce coding he and others
3			profit	earnings	brokerage	management	investment			wachovia reports boost in 3rd quarter profits financial services firm wachovia corp. said friday that third quarter earnings increased as declining retail brokerage activity was offset by higher revenue in wealth management and investment banking segments.
1			party	politics	prime	minister			france reduces politics ban on ex pm the door has been opened for a possible return to national politics for former french prime minister alain juppe. a french appeals court has cut the initial sentence handed down to juppe for his role in a party financing scandal.
2			crowd	bush	president	sport			chasing the suv vote sport utility vehicles roared into stump speeches this month, flattening all common sense. at a speech last week introducing president bush, virginia 's governor george allen juiced the crowd by ...
4			toyota	technology			german carmakers catch hybrid fever caught off guard by the success of toyota 's hybrid prius model, german carmakers are racing to catch up. daimlerchrysler and gm announced plans on monday to jointly produce hybrid technology for their cars and trucks.
2			investor	game			is multimedia games a buy? multimedia games might appear cheap, but most investors should stick to the bigger slot makers.
3			investment	fund	stock	share			baystar begins selling sco stock investment fund sells hundreds of thousands of shares, but still has major stake and voice in sco's future.
4			processor	mainframe	ibm	feature	technology	integration			ibm outlines mainframe integration roadmap among the new features is support for ibm's virtualization engine, a slice and dice technology that splits processors into as many as 10 virtual cpus.
2			medal	team			pair of andres hold key to us boxing medal hopes things looked bleak for the us boxing team before a pair of andres stepped up and saved the americans from further olympic embarrassment.
1			minister			minister dies in indian copter crash guwahati, sept 22: ten people, including a state government minister and two lawmakers, were killed in a helicopter crash in india 's mountainous north east on wednesday, officials said.
4			system			fda approves drug for multiple sclerosis the government has approved a drug that tries a new method of attacking multiple sclerosis, an incurable disease of the central nervous system that affects 350,000 americans.
4			hit	software			fbi seizes counterfeit software eleven charged in 'digital marauder' case that could hit $ 87 million.
2			science	specie	sport			study cites sport fishermen 's impact on species fishermen are famed for overstating the size of their catches, but science has found an instance in which anglers have apparently underestimated their prowess.
1			party			analysis:koizumi puts post reformers in key ldp executive posts they lack solid political bases and support from ruling party elders. one felt the wrath of voters just four years ago when he lost his diet seat.
4			grid	ibm	vendor	computing	project			major vendors explore grid frontiers while grid computing vendors sun and ibm are taking the reins of the utility computing market, the competition is collaborating to provide proof of concept projects to improve and showcase their services and offerings.
1			jean	president	election			haiti election panel in turmoil as head resigns the head of a panel organizing elections in haiti next year to replace ousted president jean bertrand aristide has resigned, warning that other panel members were trying to rig the ballot.
4			texas	technology			chinese firm to make advanced chips semiconductor manufacturing international corp., a leading chinese computer chip maker, plans to begin supplying chips using more advanced technology to major clients such as texas instruments inc. beginning next year, the companies said friday.
4			desktop	suite	system	software	file	application	adobe			adobe systems introduces acrobat 7.0 the publishing software giant adobe systems inc. today introduced adobe acrobat 7.0 software, the company 's desktop applications suite for creating and viewing pdf portable document format files.
2			game	title			title work to do put on the hard hats, get the electricity flowing, and prepare to watch two games that have been works in progress for a while.
4			user			hp shows new inkjet, laser printers at techxny this week, hewlett packard reminded business users that it is still an active innovator in printers and imaging devices.
3			trading	stock	share			stocks to watch san francisco among the companies whose shares are likely to see active trading in friday 's session are genuine parts co.
4			software	microsoft			microsoft, yahoo extend contract for web ads microsoft has extended its partnership with yahoo to deliver sponsored search results on its u.s. and international msn sites, despite the software maker's recent declarations that it intends to be a major force in the search market.
1			country	election			ukranian pro democracy group protests kiev, ukraine their name means it's time. their slogan shows a ticking clock, and their ability to bring thousands of students to the streets is spooking the government as the country prepares for sunday's pivotal presidential election.
4			infrastructure	tool	ibm	upgrade	software			ibm upgrades web transaction performance tool ibm on friday introduced an upgrade of its performance monitoring software for web based transactions, expanding its view of transaction flows by adding support for more infrastructure components.
1			president			maxtor 's tufano resigns as ceo, president computer disk drive maker maxtor corp. mxo.n: quote, profile, research on monday said paul tufano has resigned as chief executive, president and acting chief financial officer, less
3			investor	stock			stock market crash course: what goes down doesn 't necessarily come ... the past week 's 75th anniversary of the 1929 stock market crash contains a lesson for today 's investors: just because they ve lost money in recent years doesn 't mean stocks are destined to return soon to ever higher levels.
3			profit			bank of ireland profits up 6 bank of ireland has announced that profits before tax were up 6 from 670m in the six months to the end of september last year to 713m this year.
4			tool	system	symantec			symantec readies patching tool on ipatch monitors, ensures networked windows systems are current in midsize businesss.
4			microsoft	sharing	software	code	access	source			microsoft expands sharing of source code microsoft corp. is expanding a program to give government organizations access to some of its tightly guarded software blueprints amid growing competition from rivals who make such source code freely available...
4			system	upgrade	software	technology			g log readies launch of logistics software upgrade global logistics technologies inc. plans to launch next week an upgrade of its logistics and transportation system.
4			science			opposing views of sage grouse danger the panel that made the recommendation that the greater sage grouse was in no immediate danger of extinction was provided with two competing reviews of the available science.
3			holding			riggs national subject of investigation riggs national corp., the parent of riggs bank, disclosed tuesday that both the u.s. attorney's office for the district of columbia and the department of justice are conducting an investigation into the bank holding company.
2			party	game			athens gay scene out for the games in the international party atmosphere of the olympic games, the greek gay scene is finally coming out of the closet. after decades in the shadows of a macho society, the
2			system	race	sport			f1 to change qualifying rules formula one will try to add suspense with a new qualifying system that determines pole position the day of the race, instead of the day before, the sport 's governing body said yesterday.
2			winner	game	award			nobel prize winners to be announced the guessing game over who will take home the world's most coveted awards ends this week with the announcement of the 2004 nobel prize winners.
3			sale			justices hear arguments on laws limiting interstate wine sales the justices appeared unmoved by arguments in defense of laws that prohibit the direct shipment of wine from other states.
2			champion			amir khan v mario kindelan head to head bolton student amir khan steps into the ring tomorrow for the biggest fight of his young life. facing him will be cuban veteran mario kindelan, the 33 year old defending olympic lightweight champion.
4			technology	vendor	price			update: four infineon executives jailed for dram price fixing four executives at german memory vendor infineon technologies and its u.s. subsidiary have pled guilty to charges of illegally setting prices for pc memory chips, the u.s. department of justice doj announced thursday.
3			producer	stock			goldcorp agrees to buy wheaton river for $ 1.8 bln goldcorp inc., canada 's fourth largest gold producer, has agreed to buy wheaton river minerals ltd. for $ 1.8 billion in stock, giving goldcorp its first assets outside of north america, chief executive robert r. mcewen said.
4			standard	technology	generation			centrino to connect with all wi fi standards new component will help next generation of intel's wireless chip technology reach full audience for wi fi.
4			patent	management	software			will expand beyond's patents lead to new partnerships? wireless software provider expand beyond has been awarded 46 patents for its wireless monitoring and management software what will that mean for the company?
4			grid	creator	software	computing	source			grid pioneers launch company the creators of the globus open source grid software formally launched software and services company univa on monday with the hopes of capitalizing on their work on grid computing.
2			player	tournament			players sought for $ 1m tournament a pop idol type competition is being held to find uk gamers to take part in a $ 1m tournament.
4			microsoft	protection	software	vendor	developer	source			microsoft widens protection plan microsoft is raising the bar on intellectual property rights protection among software vendors particularly open source developers by extending its existing indemnification policy to
2			basketball	tournament	ncaa	team	season	coach			depaul signs women 's basketball coach to contract extension after leading the depaul women 's basketball team to ncaa tournament appearances the past two seasons, doug bruno has been rewarded with a contract extension, the school announced tuesday.
4			text	software			cingular offers handset for blind in a first for the us cellphone industry, cingular wireless llc yesterday began offering a handset specially designed for blind and vision impaired people, with software that can convert virtually everything on the phone screen including text messages to synthesized speech.
4			user			nokia to put holograms on batteries nokia, the world 's largest handset maker plans to mark its original batteries with a hologram as part of the fight against unsafe, counterfeit mobile phone batteries some of which have exploded in users hands.
4			content	hardware	generation			mgm deal brings sony closer to its vision with its acquisition of hollywood film studio metro goldwyn mayer, sony corp is one step closer to its vision of linking hardware and content, and to winning the key battle for the next generation dvd.
4			hardware	finance	software	technology	high	scientist	computing			panel urges washington to finance fast computer the panel of scientists also warned of a looming imbalance between hardware and software technology in high performance computing.
4			system	software	feature	reader	adobe			yahoo, adobe link on web services stepping up the heated battle of online search and services, yahoo inc. and adobe systems inc. have joined forces to tap each others' customers and put web search features into adobe's popular acrobat reader software.
4			core			apple row goes to core of online music bill thompson grew up on john, paul, george and ringo and bought all their records. now he d like them to give something back.
1			party	election	president			polls close in tunisia tunisian polls closed sunday in presidential and parliamentary elections widely expected to be won by the incumbent president and his party.
4			system	technology			celestica selling power systems division to c technologies celestica inc. is selling its power systems business to c technologies, a pennsylvania based company which will keep the 160 people employed at the division as part of a strategic expansion of its own business.
1			party	democrat	election	kerry			so what happened in that election, anyhow? no consensus exists among democrats about why john kerry was defeated, and the party is locked in a battle of interpretation over just what went wrong.
1			party	night	president	election			a mogul 's migraine when rupert murdoch arrived at the election night party at his fox news network in manhattan, he was met by long faces. his executives worried that murdoch, the president 's biggest booster
1			party			china party chief rules out multi party democracy chinese communist party chief hu jintao ruled out multi party democracy on wednesday on the eve of a key meeting aimed at tightening the party 's grip on power.
3			profit	chain	sale	second	gain			tax gain helps toy r us inc. post profit toys r us inc., the world 's largest toy store chain, posted a second quarter profit because of a tax gain. sales dropped at the company, which said this month that it is considering leaving the toy business.
4			software	microsoft	server			dell, microsoft to develop server software news research and microsoft msft:nasdaq news research are partnering to develop and sell software that makes it easier for large businesses to manage their servers, the two companies announced monday.
4			software	vendor	version			new version of sap business one available german business software vendor sap ag is rolling out a new version of its sap business one software with several functions designed for small and medium size manufacturers.
4			tool	human			hobbit discovered: tiny human ancestor found in asia the skeleton was found in the same sediment deposits on flores that have also been found to contain stone tools and the bones of dwarf elephants, giant rodents, and komodo dragons.
4			user	identity	software	technology	core	gain			coming: it that adapts to users' requirements the march of information technology into the workplace has been greeted with a mix of awe and resistance. for all their promise of productivity gains, computers, business software, and telecommunications gear have disrupted processes at the core of a company's identity.
4			vendor			california joins suit against e voting vendor diebold stanford university professor and e voting activist david dill said the diebold case fits with a national pattern that is influencing the adoption of electronic voting before its time.
3			sale			circuit city to stop selling t mobile circuit city stores inc. said it will halt sales of t mobile usa mobile phones and give the business solely to verizon wireless, its other current mobile phone partner, which will open in store sales counters.
2			golf	game	championship	club			pampling struggles but maintains lead irrespective of the conditions on day three of the hillross australian open championship, the australian golf club 's layout was always going to provide a test of both game and character.
2			game	golf			speak no evil, just in casey golf, as someone once said with a stunning lack of humour, can be a funny old game. not always though. this week at least, paul casey hasnt spent a lot of time laughing.
2			champion			mactier collects pursuit silver australian cyclist katie mactier has won silver behind new zealand world champion sarah ulmer in the women 's 3000 metre individual pursuit at the athens olympics.
2			game			half life 2 date is 26th november eurogamer is reporting that vivendi has informed its retail partners this week of the release dates for the long awaited half life 2, putting to bed speculation that the court case currently ongoing between vivendi and valve would delay the games release
4			download	software			yahoo to buy musicmatch for 160 million yahoo inc. said on tuesday it will buy music software company musicmatch inc. for about 160 million in cash, bolstering yahoo's offering as online music providers prepare to go head to head in the download market.
4			system	reading	core			superwebinar: cisco 's 40 gig crs 1 light reading test results overview: this webinar will provide insight into the results of the first independent industry evaluation of cisco 's 40 gig core router, the carrier routing system crs 1 .
4			system	surface			shields up! a stream of interstellar helium atoms almost as hot as the surface of the sun is blowing through the solar system.
4			concern	software			oracle shaken by peoplesoft customers concerns business software maker oracle on tuesday promised to do everything it can to keep peoplesoft 's giant customer base, whose departure could threaten the financial success of its proposed $ 9.2bn takeover of the company.
4			software	source	code			man arrested for selling windows source code a man has been arrested for selling portions of the windows 2000 and windows nt 4.0 source code on line after the software was illegally leaked onto the internet in february, according to reports.
2			championship	football	nation	team	good			college football report how good is utah? they are a potential national championship caliber team. some people may question that, but they are playing good football and are as good as any team in the nation.
4			tool			milwaukee electric tool, other units to be sold for $ 626.6m atlas copco group has agreed to sell its electric tools business, including brookfield based milwaukee electric tool corp., to techtronic industries co.
1			iraq	politician	election	party	tension	fuel			calls for iraq poll delay fuel tension iraq 's main shi ite parties insisted on saturday that elections should go ahead on jan. 30 as planned, rejecting mounting calls from sunni and secular politicians
1			election	opposition			new polls show australian government neck and neck with opposition sydney : two new polls showed australia 's conservative government and labor opposition neck and neck after the first week of campaigning for the october 9 election.
1			politician	nation			cambodia scrambles to name new king cambodia 's king norodom sihanouk 's abdication statement last week stunned the nation and left politicians scrambling to figure out how to choose a new king.
2			medal	strip	award	sport			russians seek hamilton 's gold moscow the russian olympic committee has asked the court of arbitration for sport to strip tyler hamilton of his olympic cycling gold medal and award it to vyacheslav ekimov.
2			game	exhibition			but seriously folks you want answers and you want them now. the only thing is, four weeks of ludicrous exhibition games haven't told you anything. so here's some advice: take it slow, real slow.
1			leader			ira must take immediate steps to disarm: n. ireland protestant leader warning that he would not be bluffed, protestant leader ian paisley said the latest attempt to achieve piece in northern ireland was doomed unless the catholic paramilitary ira took immediate and verifiable steps to disarm.
4			profit	earnings	license	software	sale	technology			brief: i2 reports q3 profit although revenue slipped during the past quarter, rising software license sales and higher earnings have i2 technologies inc. officials hopeful about the future.
3			specie	management			plan may keep bird off endangered list an initiative by the bureau of land management to conserve the habitat of the northern sage grouse is complicating efforts to earn the bird designation as an endangered species.
4			cell			softbank protests japan's 3g cell phone market policy softbank corp., japan's largest internet provider, complained that its plan to offer a new mobile phone service could be thwarted by the government's refusal to provide the necessary bandwidth.
2			medal	game			medal mania: canada picks up gold, silver and bronze on the water at the games athens cp canada had its biggest one day medal haul at the athens olympics on saturday, picking up a medal of every colour on the eve of the games finale.
1			election			md. machines seek vote of confidence critics say the state has been too quick to embrace electronic voting and could be headed for a fiasco in november elections.
3			holding			japan 's smfg bids $ 29 billion for ufj sumitomo mitsui financial group inc. 8316.t: quote, profile, research laid out a $ 29 billion bid for ufj holdings 8307.t: quote, profile, research on tuesday, challenging
2			patriot	game	football	season			football; game 13: the bengals; history hard to shake old stereotypes don 't die easily, particularly in the age of the internet. yesterday, the bengals became the patriots 12th victim of the season.
4			software			update 3 peoplesoft could be open to oracle bid director a peoplesoft inc. psft.o: quote, profile, research board member told a delaware court on tuesday that the software maker would consider a bid from its rival oracle corp.
4			player	feature			sony to support mp3 in future players sony 's apparently gotten the message: some of its new mp3 player models will feature direct support for mp3 in addition to its proprietary atrac format.
3			shareholder			oracle claims support of peoplesoft shareholders peoplesoft has remained defiant in the long running hostile takeover bid by oracle, despite over 60 of its shareholders coming down in favour of its rival.
4			processor	core	developer			intel offers few details on dual core plans intel corp. 's dual core strategy for mobile processors became a little clearer this week at the intel developer forum in san francisco, but questions remain
3			sale	earnings			medtronic net up on higher icd sales medtronic inc. mdt.n on wednesday said its quarterly earnings rose on surprisingly brisk demand for devices that slow racing heartbeats, offsetting a weaker than expected performance in some of its other businesses.
4			design	microsoft			a firefox in ie 's roost web properties that design primarily for microsoft 's internet explorer ie are being put on notice. various online sites are abuzz with data from websidestory, an internet analytics firm, showing that firefox
2			good	sport			olympics internet coverage disappoints the internet is good for getting results and learning the mechanics of obscure sports but it fails to capture the full glory and personalities that make the olympics so special.
3			share			mgm agrees to be bought for $ 12 share film and television studio metro goldwyn mayer inc. mgm.n: quote, profile, research on monday said it agreed in principle to be acquired by a consortium led by sony corp.
4			desktop	mainframe	system	upgrade	software	core			mps demand action on dwp mess mps are demanding action after a routine software upgrade at the department for work and pensions left 80 of desktop pcs unable to link to core mainframe based social security systems.
1			nation	debate			uk 's brown says no agreement reached on poor nations debt uk chancellor of the exchequer gordon brown said no deal has been reached on how to clear the debts of the world 's poorest nations, a debate that has divided the uk and us governments.
4			patent	license	technology	share			samsung electronics agrees with sony to share most patent ... samsung electronics sealed a comprehensive cross license contract with sony of japan to share most of their patent technologies. samsung electronics and sony announced on december 14 in seoul
2			coach	football			suu gets f for hiring southern utah university received an f grade wednesday from the black coaches association for the way it hired its most recent head football coach, wes meier.
3			growth	earnings			earnings growth slips annual growth in workers pay slowed unexpectedly in the three months to september to its lowest this year, official data has shown, providing more
1			president	coup			equatorial guinea coup plotters deserve firing squad: president the alleged plotters of a coup in equatorial guinea are blood thirsty pirates who deserve the firing squad, the country's president teodoro obiang nguema said.
2			team			franck montagny gives the driver's view of interlagos the renault f1 teams third driver won in formula nissan in 2002. he knows the track very well and explained it for us!
4			microsoft	system	technology	drop	version			microsoft to release next version of windows in 2006 microsoft corp. msft will drop a much touted new technology for organizing and storing data when it releases the next version of its windows operating system as expected in 2006...
3			profit			lexmark loses ink cartridge battle printer makers can 't be very happy, as lexmark has just lost what could have been a landmark case for its profits and the future of printer ink cartridges.
4			user	system			americans using online reputation systems a quarter of online americans have taken advantage of one of the internet's true powers: the ability to let users collectively decide whether to trust a product, service or individual.
2			stadium			report: argos settle on york u site the toronto argonauts are set to announce york university as the location of their new stadium, according to several published reports.
2			play	coach	wizard			ruffin grabs attention forward michael ruffin is impressing wizards coaches with his rebounding and rough play under the basket.
4			identification	frequency	ibm	technology	code			ibm, hp chasing tag technology technology giants ibm and hewlett packard are injecting hundreds of millions of dollars into radio frequency identification technology, which aims to advance the tracking of items from ho hum bar codes to smart tags packed with data.
2			night	stadium	game			china opens up for an olympian effort for most spectators in the olympic stadium, the lavish closing ceremony in athens last night was a chance to revel in the self congratulation and relief that traditionally comprise end of games euphoria.
4			technology	core			intel demos dual core, uncorks napa chipmaker's multiprocessing technology makes its stage debut, and intel looks to its next take on centrino.
4			design	engineer	technology	project			intel acquires chip designers from hp intel corp. has reached an agreement to hire hundreds of hewlett packard co. engineers who helped design the itanium microprocessor, a massive joint project between the two technology companies since the early 1990s.
2			coach			bennett kings picks aussie assistant when bennett king takes up the post as west indies head coach in mid november, he will have a familiar face as his full time assistant: australian academy senior coach david moore.
3			sale			news: caller id spoofing service for sale the founder of a us caller id falsification service is selling up, just days after setting up in business.
1			regime	president			chile may compensate pinochet victims president ricardo lagos on sunday said he planned to compensate thousands of people who were imprisoned and tortured under the regime of gen. augusto pinochet.
1			debate	concern	use	election			a touchy debate over voting with the presidential election less than six weeks away, activists and security experts are ratcheting up concern over the use of touch screen machines to cast votes.
2			champion	title	season			benching suggests lefty 's routine isn 't working phil mickelson was hoping this was the season when he finally could wear the title of major champion.
1			parliament	talk	oil	election			brunei parliament reopens, but no talk of election the monarch of oil rich brunei reopened the tiny country's parliament for the first time in 20 years on saturday, but made no mention of elections and warned his subjects not to get carried away.
4			system	supercomputer	ibm	speed			ibm says supercomputer breaks speed record ibm is claiming unofficial bragging rights as owner of the world 's fastest supercomputer. ibm says its still unfinished bluegene system can sustain speeds of 36 teraflops.
4			software	patch	database			oracle moves to monthly patching schedule weeks after coming under criticism for sitting on patches for multiple holes in its database software, oracle corp. has announced that it is moving to a monthly patch release schedule.
4			software			does that web site look phishy? wholesecurity's new software claims to identify fraudulent sites.
4			design			gunning to be bmoc ralph lauren's latest designs didn't debut on catwalks in new york or paris but inside a narrow storefront on newbury street.
4			desktop	tool	feature	version			copernic desktop search for mozilla firefox copernic desktop search for mozilla firefox copernic today announced the availability of a new version 1.2 of its copernic desktop search cds product that fully supports the mozilla firefox web browser. copernic claims to be the first desktop search tool which works with mozilla 1.2 also features up to ...
1			leader			apec 's importance never greater the theme of the 12th asia pacific economic co operation apec leaders meeting one community, our future is a reflection of the members strong will to promote regional economic dynamism and a sense of unity.
2			play	injury	game			wisconsin running back davis cleared to play running back anthony davis, who missed no. 20 wisconsin 's last three games with an eye injury, has been cleared to play this weekend against illinois.
4			software	upgrade	microsoft			microsoft upgrade knocks out 80,000 government pcs some 80,000 computers at the department for work and pensions went down during a routine software upgrade of its microsoft machines this week.
3			hit	profit	sale			kroger quarterly profit slips kroger co. , the largest u.s. grocer, on tuesday reported a lower quarterly profit, hurt by debt costs even as sales rebounded in southern california where it was hit by a strike.
2			football			storylines for sept. 25 weekend what a weekend of college football! it was puzzling, exciting, dramatic, thrilling, crushing, and suspenseful. but there was one thing it never was.
4			feature			eleusis captures long island 'cap eleusis made a successful us debut by beating literacy by 2 1 4 lengths in aqueduct's feature yesterday, the grade ii, $ 150,000 long island handicap for fillies and mares 3 and older.
2			player	game			the new game boy for $ 200? a preview page at reveals expected pricing and availability for nintendo's ds handheld game player.
4			concern	microsoft	beta	technology			microsoft delays im beta release over security concerns com october 7, 2004, 12:45 pm pt. there 's no doubt the internet will continue to make its mark in the world of business and technology.
4			use	database	technology			this house has everything. now buyers can use technology and databases to get a more complete view of a house without driving 30 miles to see it.
3			robot	software	sale	enterprise			robot future hinges on software robot sales to consumers and enterprises are on the verge of exploding, according to a new study.
2			hit	game	crime			it 's grand theft over the internet a virtual crime simulator expected to be one of the biggest selling computer games of all time has been hit by techno pirates. the edinburgh company rockstar north has made a fortune from its detailed virtual worlds where crime is the aim of the game.
4			system			eds offers early retirement to 9,200 u.s. staffers electronic data systems has offered voluntary early retirement options to about 17, of its u.s. employees and will take a pretax charge of about $ 150 million in the fourth quarter as a result of the move.
1			election			ohio has clearer picture of ballots now most of the presidential election provisional ballots rejected so far in ohio came from people who were not even registered to vote, election officials said after spending nearly two weeks poring over thousands of disputed votes.
4			software	management	application			compuware looks to cut risks in apps deployment compuware this week is upgrading its vantage application service management software to highlight predictive analysis and performance assessment.
4			amd	gain	technology	core			amd dual core opterons gain sse 3 support amd 's dual core amd64 chips will provide instructions compatible with intel 's sse 3 technology, the chip maker announced at the microprocessor forum yesterday.
4			design	software	seattle			mars probes to yell 'geronimo!' boeing agrees to design parachutes and software that would help future mars probes autonomously control their descents, much like earthbound skydivers. christopher genna reports from seattle.
3			buying	chain			hyatt buying amerisuites for about $ 600m the pritzker family 's hyatt corp. said thursday it plans to buy the amerisuites hotel chain from blackstone group in a deal reportedly worth more than $ 600 million.
4			user	software	spyware			web safety group launches anti spyware campaign a prominent internet safety organization and leading computer maker dell inc. launched a campaign friday to help consumers fend off spyware, software that can cause sluggish computer performance or popup ads and secretly monitor the activities of internet users.
2			sport			this dvd highlights a storied past the globe has collaborated with cramer productions and produced a dvd: boston's greatest sports stories: beyond the headlines .
4			speed			yahoo adds traffic information to maps service yahoo inc. is adding local traffic information to its maps service, including roadwork and accident reports as well as the approximate speed at which traffic is proceeding along specific roads.
2			team	race	championship			villeneuve back in frame as trulli departs renault the renault team have parted company with italian driver jarno trulli with three races in the 2004 world championship still to go.
4			software			former dot com hero faces closure commerce one inc. cmrc , an internet software maker valued at $ 20 billion at the peak of dot com mania, is poised to go out of business as a pauper...
4			microsoft	spyware	technology			microsoft moves on spyware to stymie firefox microsoft bought anti spyware technology this week to protect its internet explorer browser from surging rivals like mozilla 's firefox, a group of gartner analysts said friday.
2			final	soccer	play	stadium	game			injured foudy may not play in soccer final julie foudy left the game with a limp, and then the stadium on crutches, her spunky attitude nearly as big as the bandage wrapped around her sprained right ankle.
4			evolution	computing	technology			virtual offices will reverse years of isolation it is undergoing the kind of cultural evolution that companies endured when they first pushed computing technology out to the bulk of their workforces.
4			president	technology			iran offers nuclear programme pact iran has offered europe a compromise plan to resolve a stand off over its nuclear programme as its president vowed to continue developing iranian nuclear technology.
2			referee	defender	soccer	arsenal	sport			soccer: is a sport too big for its principles? from london to tel aviv, soccer is going down roads that sorely challenge its ages old traditions. in london last weekend, a referee admitted to being bullied by the protests of arsenal defenders to change
4			project			intel prepares for the future intel is drawing the curtain on some of its future research projects to continue making transistors smaller, faster, and less power hungry out as far as 2020.
3			investor	high	stock	technology			u.s. technologies stock delisted after fraud u.s. technologies inc., a once high flying washington firm, ceased to exist as a publicly traded company when its stock was de registered yesterday, four months after chief executive c. gregory earls was convicted of defrauding investors of $ 13.8 million.
4			technology			helping frequent fliers redeem miles for tickets, online thanks to new technology, it will soon be easier to find out what is available in the murky realm of frequent flier travel redemption.
3			share			sony group agrees in principle to buy mgm a group headed by sony corp of america agreed in principle to acquire hollywood film studio metro goldwyn mayer for $ 12 a share in cash, mgm said on monday.
4			system			cibc orders companywide halt to faxes with customer info until ... scrambling to deal with a potentially serious breach of client privacy, cibc said late friday it is ordering all employees to stop using the bank 's internal fax system to send customer information between branches or offices.
4			patent	microsoft	file	technology			microsoft vows fight on patent rejection in a preliminary ruling, the government rejected microsoft corp.'s 1996 patent on technology for saving files on computers using easy to remember names.
2			club			networkers' crowding achievement by 6:45 p.m. sept. 8, local tech executives were packed so tightly into the lobby of the tower club that late arrivals had to step sideways off the elevators to squeeze into the room.
2			game			hurt pennington to miss 2 weeks or more when chad pennington got hurt last year, the new york jets had a hard time winning games.
4			desktop	tool	file	application			screenshot 2 of 4: google desktop search tool google unveils its first desktop application for searching through personal files on the pc and through a person's web history.
4			technique	content	attack			pop up loophole opens browsers to phishing attacks security firm secunia has warned that most web browsers are vulnerable to a simple phishing technique that could make fraudulent content appear genuine.
1			talk			virgin plans china mobile service virgin boss sir richard branson has said the group is in talks with a chinese company over setting up a mobile phone service in mainland china.
4			technology	infrastructure	server			dell blade server technology helps isotrak create infrastructure ... isotrak, a leading uk end to end logistics solutions provider 2 , today announced the successful implementation of dell poweredge blade server technology.
2			team			honda to take stake in bar honda f1 team honda motor co. will own a stake in bar honda for the first time since the japanese automaker rejoined formula one racing in 2000.
4			standard	vendor	server			hp building portfolio of products for telecom carriers, equipment ... vendor says it 's developing standards based servers in various form factors for the telecom market. by darrell dunn. hewlett packard on thursday unveiled plans to create a portfolio of products and services
4			united	technology			utc raises its offer for kidde and gets closer to 1.4bn deal kidde moved a step closer yesterday to being bought by america 's united technologies, which increased its offer for the uk fire extinguisher maker to 1.39bn.
4			system	virus	cell	application			skulls program kills cell phone apps virus writers are targeting symbian based cell phones with a trojan horse that kills off system applications and replaces their icons with images of skulls.
4			shareholder	technology	share			peoplesoft deal to trigger industry consolidation peoplesofts shareholders tendered 60.8 of their shares to oracle on november20th, which in tbrs technology business research opinion makes this acquisition approximately 95 plausible.
1			leader	top	election	talk	opposition			ukrainian opposition reportedly pulls out of talks a top ukrainian opposition leader, quoted by interfax ukraine news agency, said supporters of presidential candidate viktor yushchenko had withdrawn from talks on last week's disputed election.
4			system	software	mike			can mike lawrie make siebel better? in many ways, mike lawrie seems to be just the sort of guy software maker siebel systems needs to lift it out of its dark days. it 's true he doesn 't exactly ooze charisma and intensity.
4			project	development			supreme court to review taking property for development the u.s. supreme court said on tuesday that it would decide whether the government can take a person's home or business for a private development project intended to boost tax revenues and revitalize a local economy.
2			football			football: spurs manager resigns jacques santini steps down as tottenham manager for personal reasons .
2			medal	hungary	win	sport			hungary wins gold in olympic water polo tamas kasas was born the same month hungary won its sixth olympic water polo gold medal. for two decades, hungarians waited for somebody like him to revive its dominance in a sport
4			hardware	database	microsystems	linux	ibm	software	vendor			sybase partners with ibm to sell database software sybase inc. said on tuesday that it will partner with hardware vendor ibm to market its linux database software, potentially dealing a blow to sun microsystems, another long standing partner.
4			microsoft	tool	ibm	software	development	ship			ibm sets date for new tools bundle looking to outdo rival microsoft, ibm plans to ship a new bundle of development tools that can simplify how software gets built.
4			integration	platform	microsoft	software			microsoft, dassault form strategic alliance in a joint statement, microsoft and dassault said using the microsoft platform will cut ownership and integration costs of using the dassault software, widening the potential customer base.
2			auto	team	season			ford pulling jaguar team out of auto racing us automaker ford says it is pulling its jaguar formula one team out of the auto racing circuit at the end of this season. jaguar 's chairman said the company does not believe it makes business sense to continue operating in formula one.
2			champion			fischer fails to halt deportation a court in japan rejects former chess champion bobby fischer's request to halt his deportation to the us.
2			game			it was a heavenly game 7 sometimes, when you're living through an event, you can be too close to what's happening to realize the magnitude of it.
4			cell			cell phones could keep atomic time miniaturization advance could lead to highly precise atomic clocks being installed in cell phones and other consumer devices.
4			platform	ball			a ball of fire, then bloodshed a ball of fire erupts from a train car, smothering commuters with smoke, and littering the platform with bodies and blood in a chilling security camera
4			general	system	technology	fuel			daimlerchrysler, gm in pact on hybrids daimlerchrysler and general motors corp. will jointly develop new hybrid vehicle technology as they strive to catch up with japanese rivals on the fuel saving systems that reduce harmful emissions, the companies said on monday.
2			champion	nation	championship			ireland 17 12 south africa the tri nations championship has not been going that long, but when its champions come calling on europe, the aura of the southern hemisphere in all its rugby majesty tends to come with them.
4			technology			iran says it won't halt nuclear technology drive iran sunday rejected european demands it abandon sensitive nuclear activities but reiterated its readiness to provide assurances that its atomic ambitions are entirely peaceful.
4			worm	technology			latest ie worm developed in record time while most security firms have designated the threat from the worm in the medium range, it is notable because of how quickly it was developed, graham cluley, technology consultant with sophos antivirus, said.
2			player			sony plans portable blu ray disc drives new component could allow players small enough to fit in notebook pcs.
2			medal	game	win			noguchi wins women 's marathon gold conquering sweltering heat and a grueling course over steep hills, japanese long distance runner mizuki noguchi steamed ahead to win the women 's marathon gold medal at the athens olympic games on sunday.
3			shareholder			peoplesoft rejects oracle bid peoplesoft inc. on wednesday said its board had again unanimously rejected oracle corp.'s $ 8.8 billion hostile tender offer, and oracle immediately appealed to peoplesoft's shareholders, saying it would leave the decision up to them.
4			concern	technology			rfid gets a reality check at baltimore pow wow, hype over new electronic tracking technology is tempered by concerns about cost, privacy and quality.
4			software	hardware	microsystems			sun micro, vodafone in wireless pact sun microsystems inc. said tuesday that it agreed to provide vodafone group plc with its entire line of hardware, software and services for its wireless phone network.
2			player	game			nintendo bets on new hand held console to leap ahead of sony nintendo co., the world 's biggest maker of portable game consoles, begins selling its newest hand held player today, accompanied by a $ 40 million advertising push aimed at taking customers away from sony corp.
2			play	match	win	title			els wins world match play title on his 35th birthday, ernie els received a familiar present a world match play title. and he just might have his 96 year old grandfather to thank.
2			expense	sport			us boxer topples the russian giant he saw the looks and he heard the snickers and he guessed that the joke was at his expense. boxing has never been the subtlest of sports, and ward has never been the largest of light heavyweights.
3			producer	profit			pay per view revenue boosts wwe profit world wrestling entertainment inc. , a producer of wrestling entertainment programs including smackdown and wrestlemania, reported higher quarterly profit on monday, helped by increased pay per view revenue.
4			cent	technology			singapore, malaysia dial idea number mumbai, dec. 11: singapore technologies telemedia st telemedia and tm international have together acquired a 47.7 per cent stake in idea cellular for approximately $ 390 million.
2			team			masses of interest in jaguar racing tony purnell, the boss of jaguar racing says that there is masses of interest in the team, which the ford motor company has decided to discontinue.
4			shareholder	software			peoplesoft shareholders seen waiting on oracle bid the success of oracle corp 's orcl.o: quote, profile, research $ 8.8 billion hostile takeover bid for rival software maker peoplesoft inc.
4			good	feature			the matrix online gets talent warner bros. interactive and sega announced today that the matrix online will feature some big name voice talent, including a good portion of the films original cast members.
2			team	football	bowl			mids go bowling navy's football team will announce monday whether it will accept a bowl bid from the emerald bowl or consider inquiries from four other bowls.
1			politics	dialogue	peace	country	value	tour			chinese paper says chirac 's china tour magnifies partnership dialogue between china and france, two countries which highly value cultural diversity and pluralism in international politics, is no doubt conducive to world peace, china 's
4			technology	tokyo			tokyo edge: more mobile music sony embraces mp3, while new blu ray and speaker technology reaches the living room.
4			broadband	race	technology			race on to build fiber optic networks alvarion broadband services using fiber optic networks are expected to grow in the coming years with the race now on among companies to develop this technology, the chairman of israel's alvarion ltd. said on tuesday.
2			game	cell	series			lemony snicket comes to the handset a cell phone game based on the children's series a series of unfortunate events was released monday.
4			technology			apple testing guru banned from... testing to anyone working in the technology press, the reluctance of apple to send out review machines to magazines or websites is notorious.
1			war			so alike, rivals make it personal since world war ii, no two candidates have had such strikingly similar backgrounds of class and privilege. so, why do these guys dislike each other so much?
2			coach	football			meyer headed to univ. of florida in a surprising turn of events, urban meyer is expected to be named head football coach at the university of florida.
4			ati	graphic	system	technology			ati announces hypermemory tech ati has developed a new technology to allow system memory to be fully utilised by graphics boards, it said today. the extra bandwidth of the pci express bus means that shuttling data to and fro between the
4			design	point	technology			do it yourself design: just point and click on line customization was a slow starter in the 1990's. but as technology has improved, so has the variety.
2			general	britain	sport	royal			doctors suggest tax breaks for exercising money spent on sports and exercise should be tax deductible as part of a national strategy to fight flab, say doctors in britain who are grappling with one of the world's most rapidly growing obesity epidemics. ahead of a daylong conference thursday on tackling obesity in primary care clinics, the royal college of general practitioners called on the government to consider tax breaks to make exercise more accessible and affordable to everybody...
4			tool	software	sale	telephony			expands call center support the most significant product advancement is 's newly released telephony api tool kit, which allows its sales automation software to integrate with products from partners.
3			investor	user	retailer			revamped emusic targets indie market nearly a year since it was sold by vivendi universal to private investors, online retailer emusic has undergone a facelift that includes a panel of music critics to help users comb its trove of independent music.
1			leader	assembly	president			cambodian leader to beg king to stay on throne cambodia 's national assembly president left for china on saturday to beg king norodom sihanouk to change his mind about abdicating, but left open the option of a new monarch being appointed.
4			use	docomo	technology	mode			mm02 to bring i mode to europe mm02 uk and mm02 ireland will use docomo 's i mode branding and technology exclusively in their markets under an agreement with docomo.
3			system	sale	stock	trading			owner of big electronic stock trading system is said to be for sale the instinet group, owner of one of the largest electronic stock trading systems, is for sale, executives briefed on the plan say.
1			leader	prime	election			liberals face one year election anniversary dogged by promise breakers label toronto cp a year ago liberal leader dalton mcguinty solemnly pledged to ontarians in prime time tv election ads that he would make ontario a better place without raising taxes.
4			tool	technology			ca to buy netegrity for $ 430 million the smaller firm's technology will help strengthen computer associates' ability to provide authentication tools, the company says.
4			share	software	development			sap cfo puts off margin target europe's biggest software maker sap could need a year more than anticipated to reach its profitability target as it spends on research, development and marketing, its chief financial officer said on thursday, sending its shares lower.
4			system			apple launches imac g5 troubleshooting assistant as the new imac g5 makes its way to customers, apple has added an imac g5 troubleshooting assistant to its online support area. the system starts with broad issues, such as when i press
4			software	source			eu set to clear oracle peoplesoft takeover european union competition authorities are expected tuesday to clear unconditionally us firm oracle's hostile takeover of business software rival peoplesoft, sources say.
4			software	microsoft	flaw	version			microsoft examines yet another flaw microsoft corp. is investigating yet another critical flaw in one of its products, this time in two versions of its popular word processing software, microsoft word 2000 and word 2002.
2			player			sony makes mp3 u turn sony also plans to release some new flash based players with both mp3 and atrac playback as early as this year in europe. as for north american customers, a sony spokesperson would not committ to a time frame for mp3 support.
4			beta	technology	source			it product guide goes beta infoworld and open source technology group ostg , the parent company of such popular sites as slashdot and sourceforge, are pleased to announce the public beta of a new resource for it buyers.
2			minister	sport	president	second			ioc chief positive on china 's olympic bid international olympic committee president jacques rogge, second right, unveils an olympic flag with tu mingde, vice president of the chinese olympic committee, left, yu zaiqing, chinese vice minister of sports, second left, and liu jingmin, president of
3			share			alitalia 's survival fight goes on the eu has welcomed the approval of a rescue plan for italy 's alitalia, but shares in the loss making airline have fallen as union and competitor
4			system			pacificare buys ams for $ 502 million pacificare health systems inc. said wednesday it may look to expand in wisconsin after completing its purchase of american medical security group inc.
4			supercomputer	generation			nec strikes blow in supercomputer battle the battle for supercomputing supremacy took a new twist on tuesday when japanese manufacturer nec launched a new generation of computational building blocks that could be laced together to form the most powerful supercomputer in the world.
1			leader	parliament	cabinet	election	president	crisis			portugal leader calls early poll portuguese president jorge sampaio is to dissolve parliament and call early elections over a cabinet crisis.
3			share			coeur makes tender offer for all wheaton river shares coeur d alene mines corp. on monday formally launched a $ 2.1 billion effort to buy all the outstanding common shares of rival wheaton river minerals ltd.
4			cell	pas			mobile phones cleared for takeoff cell phones and wireless devices pass airbus's onboard tests with flying colors.
4			user	glitch	system			paypal outage effects online retailing and ebay paypal outage effects online retailing and ebay ebay inc.'s online payment system paypal said on tuesday that account data and personal information were not compromised by a glitch in the new system update that has resulted in some users not being able to log into their accounts and also paypal not ...
4			software	microsoft	version			microsoft hears jingle of cash register software with a specialized version of windows xp embedded, the software maker wants to get its fingers in the till.
2			play	player	movie	game			wish you were here want a wireless, hand held game player that plays movies, music, and more? meet the sony playstation portable known as psp. what about a
4			software	microsoft	alternative			andreessen: microsoft to make internet explorer more competitive the success of alternative web browsers could push microsoft to more aggressively leverage its dominance of internet client software, said marc andreessen, one of the founders of netscape.
4			tool			saluting the data encryption legacy security technologist bruce schneier explains that while cryptography is one of the most basic tools of computer security, it barely existed as an academic discipline 30 years ago.
3			profit			samsung sees higher mobile profit korean mobile maker samsung says it expects profits to grow in 2005, but brokers warn that harsh competition could mean narrower margins.
4			linux	software	server			linux poised for takeoff the market for linux based products, including servers, pcs and software, will reach $ 35 billion by 2008, according to a report from idc.
2			fan	football			draining, but entertaining on any given saturday, the southeastern conference comes up with ways to entertain its fans, exhibiting competition at its best and worst and making the argument that it is the best conference in college football.
2			player			sony launches music players with mp3 support sony has released the first of its digital audio players to support the popular mp3 format, marking a significant shift in its music strategy.
3			fund	profit			fsa rejects call to rescue savers mps and the main city watchdog are at odds over the plight of millions of policyholders trapped in closed with profits funds.
3			chain	sale	second			chain store sales mixed in oct 16 week u.s. chain store sales rose in the second week of october compared with last year, as seasonal shopping drove sales during the second week of the month, a report said on tuesday.
2			player	win	season			murray state favorite to win ovc losing ten players usually means a rebuilding year. not at murray state. despite the loss, the racers were picked as the pre season favorite to win the ohio valley conference.
1			regime			court ruling tightens net on pinochet former chilean dictator augusto pinochet is a step closer to being tried for atrocities committed under his 1973 1990 regime after a court stripped him of immunity from prosecution.
4			feature	microsoft	beta	technology			the news and observer msn search has a few features that go beyond google, but it 's generally disappointing. granted, the new msn search is still in the beta phase, and microsoft is expected to make the technology part of its main msn site early next year.
4			assembly	talk	technology			amkor tech in talks for credit facility amkor technology inc., a provider of semiconductor assembly and test services, said wednesday that it started talks with a group of institutional lenders regarding a credit facility for a $ 300 million term loan.
3			sale			circuit city switching from t mobile to verizon circuit city is phasing out the sale of t mobile wireless service as it prepares to focus on launch of verizon wireless stores within its own walls.
2			play	game	team			all girl swedish team tackles video games at first glance, les seules might look like an all girl rock band complete with sassy attitudes and fawning male groupies but the swedish septuplet doesn't play instruments. they play competitive video games.
4			share	microsoft	suite	software	code	access	source			microsoft shares office source code facing growing competition from open source software providers, microsoft has decided to allow governments and international organizations access to source code for its office 2003 productivity suite.
4			microsoft	system	software	server	gain	flaw			microsoft investigates windows server flaw microsoft is investigating a security flaw in windows server software that could allow an attacker to gain complete control over systems running the software, the company said.
2			round	championship	champion	play	victory	match			els takes care of drummond at wentworth defending champion ernie els completed a 2 and 1 victory over briton scott drummond when the rain delayed world match play championship first round resumed at wentworth friday.
2			beat	game			donkey konga: novelty with a beat in case you don't want to work and just want to bang on the drum all day, this game is for you. it's a simple and charming game, but be warned that there isn't much else to do than banging on bongos. lore sjberg reviews donkey konga.
1			democrat	race	gain	election			dems gain in 'hidden election' democrats had great success in state legislative races this year, even as they performed poorly in the presidential race and campaigns for congress. many democratic gains came in the heart of republican territory.
3			shareholder	retailer			buzz of possible target, bay deal speculation of a possible deal between hudson 's bay co. and american retailer target corp. heated up again as the canadian icon prepared to release its quarterly results today, but the bay 's largest shareholder downplayed the rumours.
4			technique			mars orbiter sees rover tracks among thousands of new images nasa's mars global surveyor, starting its third mission extension this week after seven years of orbiting mars, is using an innovative technique to capture pictures even sharper than most of the more than 170,000 it has already produced. one dramatic example from the spacecraft's mars orbiter camera shows wheel tracks of nasa's mars exploration rover spirit and the rover itself...
2			hockey	player	team	league			nhlers get original again locked out players can keep playing by joining original six teams in the new original stars hockey league. the brainchild of mississauga, ont.
1			president	election			romanians have stark choice in election when romanians pick a president sunday, their main choice is between the forces of the past flawed but comfortingly familiar and an inexperienced challenger promising a dynamic, western leaning future.
2			player			sony 's major strategic shift: mp3 format support support for mp3 will first appear in solid state players based on flash memory sony plans to release this year. sony has long insisted its digital music players support only its proprietary atrac format, but
4			code			spansion details nor nand hybrid roadmap in order to meet the growing demands of the flash memory market, fujitsu and amds flash memory subsidiary spansion llc unveiled plans to develop a new ornand flash memory architecture that combines the best of nor code execution with nand data
2			england	sport			fox hunting ban in england, wales looms after compromise fails an outright ban on fox hunting with dogs in england and wales appeared inevitable after a majority of over 100 mps in the house of commons rejected last ditch compromises on the blood sport.
4			microsoft	enterprise	system	technology	standard			microsoft, cisco shake on network security in a deal sure to bring smiles to the faces of enterprise security pros, microsoft quote, chart and cisco systems plan to integrate technologies and push for an industry standard to power network security and health policy compliance.
2			cell	use	game			mforma buys fingertwitch the kirkland, wash., cell phone game maker will use some of its 19 million to buy wireless specialist fingertwitch inc.
1			parliament	election	party	president	second			ruling kazakh party leads early president nursultan nazarbayev's party took an early lead in elections for parliament yesterday and his daughter's new party was running second.
2			champion			loeb won 't take it easy despite lead world champion sebastien loeb will not be taking it easy on the rally catalunya after taking the lead on the first day of the event.
4			space	morning	top	technology			satellite launching successes fix china on world 's top level with the third zy 2 research satellite successfully entering orbit on the morning of november 6, cina has continuously accomplished its 40th satellites launching tasks since oct. 1996, marking its space technology standing firmly on top world level.
2			medal	game			wednesday's preview day five of the games will see 21 golds on offer with kate howey and pippa funnell aiming for medals.
4			linux	vendor	developer	standard	source			open source developers cheer new linux base standard the free standards group will announce on tuesday the availability of the linux standard base lsb 2.0, and that this standard has the support of almost all global linux distribution vendors.
4			copyright	patent	software	technology			p2p outfit sues riaa for copyright theft suing machine, the riaa is on the legal defensive after a p2p software company has accused it of nicking its technology. altnet is suing the riaa and several of its partners of pirating its patent covering
3			profit	sale	holding			cost cuts help kmart post profit kmart holding corp. kmrt.o on monday reported its third consecutive quarterly profit as cost cuts made up for slumping sales, and its cash pile grew to about $ 2.6 billion.
4			software	mac	application	developer			blackberry in sync with mac os x software developer information appliance associates announced on thursday the release of an application synchronising research in motion 's blackberry devices with apple 's mac os x.
4			system	software	server	veritas	application	version			opforce takes on apps veritas has announced a new version of its opforce provisioning software that can help administrators install and manage applications as well as operating systems on servers.
3			chain			musicland looks to the internet musicland is trying to embrace the internet and emulate the atmosphere of retail chains like starbucks.
4			army	management	technology			4 firms to vie for army intelligence support work four companies were chosen to compete for work to be assigned under a five year, $ 209 million contract to provide information technology, management and intelligence support services to the army intelligence and security command.
4			software	microsoft			setback for microsoft as beijing scraps deal beijing 's city government has cancelled a controversial purchase of rmb29m $ 3.5m, 2.6m, 1.8m of software from microsoft after local rivals complained about the way the deal was handled.
1			politics	jason	election	play	game			campaign game mimics real life a new simulated election game that lets you play campaign manager to a presidential candidate is both thrillingly and disturbingly similar to real world politics. a review by jason silverman.
4			system			sony describes hd product plans wega tvs, vaio systems, dvd recorders and camcorder highlight hd product lineup.
2			fan	august	sport			flagging a poll: not so fast on bull dynasty' for 12 days in the middle of august, a research firm commissioned by sports illustrated polled 1,004 sports fans on a variety of topics for the magazine's 50th anniversary issue.
2			team	cricket	tour	journalist	england	british	sport			sports ; england cricketers finally arrives in zimbabwe the whole tour was thrown into question earlier this week when the england and wales cricket board ecb told the team to remain in south africa after zimbabwe authorities barred 13 british journalists.
4			high	software			commerce one headed for liquidation a high flyer in the heady days of the internet boom, commerce one has told federal regulators that its continuing losses may lead to the end of the software company.
2			player	shot	season			jeffries ready to shine forward jared jeffries has turned heads with his remarkable shot blocking and leaping ability early in training camp. the third year player is hoping for a breakout season.
4			generation			makers battle for next generation the next generation of passenger jets from the world 's biggest airplane manufacturers will soon be coming off the production line.
4			copyright	draw	pas	technology			induce act draws support, venom hollywood loves it. techies hate it. and now, nine senators are signing on to help it pass. that's the latest chapter in the short history of the induce act, a bill aimed at cracking down on technologies that can be used to steal copyright works. by xeni jardin.
2			player	football			miami's mama's boy one of the most exciting and dangerous players in college football would not be where he is today without his mother's guidance and inspiration.
4			processor	pentium	feature	technology	high			pentium m 765 is fastest centrino cpu intel has added a high end model to its range mobile processors. the pentium m 765 is based on intel 's market leading 90nm manufacturing process technology and features 2mb of integrated, power managed level 2 cache.
3			growth			gartner: '04 chip revenue growth strong, '05 weaker the semiconductor industry should take in $ 226 billion in revenue this year, up 27 from last year, according to research firm gartner inc. but that grow is expected to slow in 2005.
3			investor	fund			investors squash units of hot house growers fund investors sent units of hot house growers income fund down more than 35 per after the fund said it is suspending cash distributions.
2			team			greeks deny failed drug test reports greek olympics officials say they are unaware of any team member failing a drugs test after media reports that the international olympic committee had found a greek competitor had taken banned substances.
4			cell			can you fear me now? multipurpose cell phones, data storing pocket knives: can you fear me now?
2			champion	final	team	trophy	game			too close to call even after six months of constant competition between the same teams, in both forms of the game, it is difficult to call today 's icc champions trophy final at the oval.
2			coach	team	joe	season			paterno rumors dispelled by coach penn state 's fourth losing season in five years has fueled much speculation about joe paterno 's future specifically, how much longer he will remain as the team 's head coach.
4			system	ibm	application			ibm rolls out midrange eserver i5 ibm is filling in the center of its power 5 based eserver i5 lineup on tuesday, unwrapping a four way system aimed at midsize companies looking to consolidate a variety of business applications.
1			leadership	president	resignation			with president 's resignation, civil rights group again in turmoil the southern christian leadership conference is in turmoil again this time with the resignation of its president, the reverend fred shuttlesworth.
4			percent	speed	technology	broadband	high	access			almost 40 percent of tech savvy singaporeans have broadband access high tech singapore is also proving to be high speed, with almost 40 percent of households hooked up to the internet via broadband technology, the government said.
4			technology	price			4 execs to plead guilty four executives at infineon technologies ag, one of the world 's largest makers of memory chips, have agreed to plead guilty to criminal charges of price fixing in federal court, authorities said thursday.
4			investor	system			china backed search engine accoona debuts accoona corp., whose investors include china's state information agency, unveiled its new web and business search system on monday and said revenue would be drawn from advertising services supplied by yahoo inc.
2			play	game			china shuts down 1,600 internet cafes china has closed 1,600 internet cafes and fined operators a total of $ 12 million for letting children play violent games and for other violations, the government said saturday.
3			team	sale			jaguar sale drawing massive interest jaguar racing boss tony purnell says he 's received masses of interest in the f1 team since ford announced it was putting the entire operation up for sale.
4			user	software	virus	cell			handset makers raising virus defenses software security companies and handset makers, including finland's nokia , are gearing up to launch products intended to secure cell phones from variants of the internet viruses that have become a scourge for personal computer users.
3			holding	share			singapore shares end slightly higher singapore shares ended slightly higher friday in a session dominated by singapore telecommunications inc., which fell sharply following news of a placement of its shares by parent temasek holdings.
4			high	technology	sears			brillian: sears ends agreement to buy tvs brillian corp. , a maker of high definition televisions based on its own liquid crystal technology, said on monday that sears, roebuck co.
4			copyright	software			bt and blueprint jointly develop innovative music distribution ... in yet another move in the legitimate digital music market, bt and blueprint have jointly developed a new service based on blueprints open royalty gateway org and song centre software that allows copyright holders to take more control of their
2			play			ricky still in frame sachin tendulkar yesterday worshipped at the feet of an elephant headed statue but does not expect his prayers to be answered in time to play australia next week.
2			player	team	award			three qbs, two rbs compose list three college quarterbacks and two running backs, all from undefeated teams, are finalists for the walter camp player of the year award, officials with the walter camp foundation announced wednesday.
4			user	microsoft	vulnerability	system	code	flaw			critical flaw discovered in ms word according to an advisory published on security firm secunias website, a critical vulnerability exists in microsoft word, which can be exploited by a malicious code to cause a dos denial of service and potentially compromise a user 's system.
4			software	score			dialing up better college test scores software sends sat prep questions to your child's handset and lets you check to see whether they're getting the answers right.
4			software	british	technology			bt, blueprint develop digital music service british telco bt and media technologies company blueprint have announced plans to jointly develop a digital music service using blueprints open royalty gateway and song centre software.
1			coalition	election			challengers want ohio vote review a coalition of groups that do not believe the ohio presidential election was conducted accurately asks the ohio supreme court to review the swing state's voting results.
2			athletics	race			athletics struggle down the stretch the oakland athletics are used to pressure packed pennant races...
4			space	team	technology	use	earth			bringing space composites down to earth innovative uses for plastics, rubber and their derivatives will be on display next week in dsseldorf, at the world's leading trade fair for plastics and rubber, k2004. a team from esa will be present to show visitors how these commonplace materials can be used in space and how this can lead to new technology for use on earth...
4			creator	technology			napster creator unveils online music technology shawn fanning, once reviled by record labels as the creator of renegade song swap service
1			minister			hundreds pay last respects to rafael eitan after 11:00am, the coffin of former idf chief of staff and former minister of agriculture rafael raful eitan arrived at his home community of tel adashim.
1			jean	election	country	president			aristide 'wants haiti elections' the former president of haiti, jean bertrand aristide, calls for free and fair elections in his country.
2			coach			vogts stays in scotland job the sfa had been expected to sack the german and end his two less than glorious years as national coach. but a meeting of the 11 board members did not materialise, leaving vogts future in limbo.
4			pharmaceutical	technology			drug makers take aim at counterfeiting operations big pharmaceutical companies are testing new tracking technology they hope will help them spot counterfeit drugs before they reach consumers' medicine cabinets. by putting tags that transmit radio waves on medicine bottles sent to drug stores, company officials think they will be able to detect fake drugs.
4			software	stock			software stocks bounce after oracle ruling software stocks rose on friday on speculation there may be more mergers in the industry after a us judge allowed oracle corp. to proceed with its takeover of rival peoplesoft inc.
2			auto	game	title			rocking in san andreas music, always big in grand theft auto titles, will be front and centre in the upcoming rockstar games title grant theft auto: san andreas.
1			president			contract called for payout, ex disney officer testifies the former director of the walt disney company who helped negotiate the contract of michael s. ovitz, its former president, said the uproar after mr.
4			user	file	software	sale			pluggedin: software tackles digital photo proliferation now that digital cameras have overtaken film cameras in sales, users are beginning to encounter a familiar problem what to do with the bulging image files and folders filling up computer hard drives?
3			chain	retailer	holding			ifil to sell foods chains to auchan holding company ifil spa said friday it will sell the foods division of retailer la rinascente spa to french supermarket retailer auchan in a deal worth euro1.
1			visit	politician	election			china refuses entry to hong kong politician chinese authorities have refused to let a pro democracy politician from hong kong visit shanghai. the incident occurs just two weeks before an election that is being seen as a test of support for the city 's democracy movement.
4			design	science			god or science? ninth grade biology teachers in dover, pa., must include intelligent design in their instruction. observers say it is a sign of what 's to come.
2			final	race			athens olympic 2004 2 star athletes face tragic endings by ken ... marion jones and paula radcliffe came up empty handed when their olympics ended before their races did. tragic endings in their final events at the athens olympics left the two biggest female stars with no
3			share			netflix, tivo to develop joint product online dvd rental service netflix inc. and tivo inc., maker of a digital video recorder, on thursday said they have agreed to develop a joint entertainment offering, driving shares of both companies higher.
4			general	software	code			gm cto sees more code on future cars the relationship between general motors corp. and the software industry will experience some major changes over the next few years as software becomes a more important
4			user	server			hewlett packard packages services for blades blade servers are the future, hp says, rolling out new services targeted at users.
4			microsoft	team	system	software	technology	development			microsoft previews visual studio team system microsoft quote, chart released a community technology preview of the framework and software development kit for building custom visual designers based on the modeling technology in visual studio 2005.
2			auto	good	game			grand theft auto: san andreas official soundtrack double cd you gotta hand it to the folks over at rockstar games. they certainly know how to milk a good thing to maximum effect.
4			lab	software	mail			yahoo buys e mail software firm stata stata labs' e mail client, bloomba, won't be continued, but the move generated speculation that yahoo may be gearing up to take on google's gmail webmail service.
4			system	sale			palmsource unveils 'smart phone operating system in an effort to ring up more sales, palmsource inc., of sunnyvale, known for making the operating system for the palm handheld computer, on tuesday introduced a new operating system for so called smart phones.
2			stadium			caesars plans wembley casino us casino giant caesars plans to build a 335m gambling and leisure resort beside the new wembley stadium in london, its first foray into europe.
4			core			gateway to cut back selling electronics; to focus on core pcs gateway said yesterday it is backing away from selling tvs and other consumer electronics essentially shelving the strategy that founder ted waitt championed for two years to turn the money losing company around.
2			player	fan	football			ohio state fans react to clarett 's accusations com. the most storied buckeye football player in recent memory some say for the wrong reasons maurice clarett has lashed out against ohio state, claiming he was a
1			leader	interview	minister			minister urges imams to speak french one in three of france's imams don't speak french, the country's interior minister said in an interview published tuesday, proposing initiatives to help islamic religious leaders better adapt.
3			buying	share			jones buying trendy barneys jones said the deal is valued at approximately $ 400 million, including cash consideration of $ 19 per share to barneys stockholders totaling $ 294.
4			optimism	high	technology	share			european shares at 2 month high european shares inched up to fresh two month highs on monday as optimism grew that the us economy was doing well, helping to lift beaten down sectors such as technology and insurers.
4			desktop	microsoft	ibm	software	computing			ibm 's solid stake on the desktop its workplace package is catching on with clients, and more software makers are signing on. still, it 's no windows smasher. ibm launched a bold foray into desktop computing last spring, when it took on microsoft 's
4			platform	run	tool	patch	flaw	computing			winzip patches security flaw winzip computing warned last month of a security flaw in winzip, its compression decompression tool that runs on the windows platform.
1			crisis	specie			ignored endangered species the global extinction crisis ignores thousands of affiliated species that are also at risk of being wiped out, making the list of endangered species much larger and more serious than originally thought, says a study produced in part at the university of
4			technology	generation			intel shows off next generation chips trying to get past its recent execution setbacks, intel demonstrated a working chip using its next generation manufacturing technology monday, and also stated that it is on track to continue with moore 's law, doubling the number
3			investment			lazard seeks float for $ 3bn lazard is moving towards a flotation that could raise $ 3billion and overhaul the complex structure of the powerful investment bank.
4			user	tool	suite			macromedia to bolster video on the web macromedia on tuesday is announcing a video kit to enable users of its authoring tools suite, macromedia studio mx 2004 with flash professional, to more easily add video to their web sites.
4			tool	game			playstation potential to learning the playstation games console could be developed into a learning tool for children, says a northumberland head teacher.
4			copyright	content	system	management	code	source			copyright battle erups over open source 'mambo' code an online publishing company is arguing that it owns the code behind the open source mambo content management system and says it is prepared to pursue the matter in court.
2			hockey	player			iihf bars bertuzzi 's transfer to europe the international ice hockey federation friday barred vancouver canucks star todd bertuzzi from transferring to europe, citing the player 's violent conduct on the rink.
4			software			yahoo! makes a musicmatch internet company yahoo! inc. said tuesday it will buy privately held music software company musicmatch inc. for about $ 160 million in a bid to bolster its online music services.
4			desktop	user	application	version			google preps desktop search application google inc. made a much anticipated move toward what many consider the newest frontier in the digital information search sector by announcing thursday it is offering a test version of an application designed to let users search for information stored on their desktop computers.
1			military	election			us supreme court chief justice hospitalized for cancer us supreme court chief justice william rehnquist has been admitted to a military hospital for cancer treatment, adding a late twist to the presidential election battle.
3			producer	profit	earnings			kinross restates 3rd qtr profit to loss on writedown kinross gold corp., canada 's third largest producer of the metal, restated third quarter earnings to a loss after changing the way it accounts for goodwill.
4			technology			personal technology entertainment goes digital with armchair ease there is nothing wrong with your television set. do not attempt to adjust the picture. we are controlling transmission.
3			stock	share			after wait, google set for market debut shares of google inc. will make their nasdaq stock market debut on thursday after the year 's most anticipated initial public offering priced far below initial estimates, raising $ 1.67 billion.
4			design	core			gucci chief designs a bigger future for the brand robert polet, the new chief executive of gucci, has vowed to double the size of the core gucci brand over the next seven years. he also said that loss making
4			cell			the boob tube on your smartphone handset manufacturers unite to develop tv enabled mobile phones, but dont expect to watch survivor on your cell phone anytime soon.
4			player	system	content	generation			nokia preminet the next generation in content delivery entering a market where there are already several well established players nokias preminet open service model solution is being heralded as the next generation of content delivery systems for wireless devices.
2			medal	soccer	team	overtime	game			gold medal sendoff for us soccer veterans as television cameras gathered in front of the us women 's soccer team after it defeated brazil 2 1 in overtime for the gold medal yesterday, the woman who scored the game
4			ibm	processor	technology	access			ibm opens up on power processors ibm has formed an industry consortium, called , to open up the process of building power processors. is intended to give ibm 's partners better access to the power technology so that they
3			growth	investment			china 's investment in construction slips china 's investment in construction and factory equipment, a key growth indicator, slowed slightly in november on lower public spending, but local level investments surged, the government reported thursday.
4			silicon	technology			tsmc, freescale to jointly develop chip technology taiwan semiconductor manufacturing co. ltd. tsmc , the world's largest contract chip maker, has teamed up with freescale semiconductor inc. to jointly develop soi silicon on insulator technology for chips made using a 65 nanometer nm process, the companies said in a statement tuesday.
2			coach	football			navy football shipshape again the doubters were in paul johnson 's ear three years ago when the ultra successful coach at georgia southern decided to accept the head coaching job at navy.
2			player	game	arsenal			all hail the invincibles there have been a handful of sporting greats who have built up an aura of invincibility over the years. arsenal 's players huddle up after equalling nottingham forest 's 42 game record.
4			feature			intel planning centrino like brand for desktops corporate customers will be pitched pcs that can be centrally managed and partitioned, in addition to security features.
4			microsystems	computing	technology	management			sun to buy remote management firm sun microsystems has signed a deal to acquire sevenspace, a company whose technology is expected to expand sun 's remote management services beyond what 's possible with the computing giant 's own equipment.
4			system			update 1: farm credit services board ends deal a member of the federal farm credit system said thursday it ended its agreement to merge with a privately held dutch bank, citing delays and criticism of the deal.
3			investor	broker	share			abn amro leads european shares higher european shares opened firmer on thursday led by abn amro as investors applauded the savings the dutch broker will make from cutting jobs.
4			software	standard	application			converged home entertainment standard mooted the universal home application programmer interface forum is working on a specification for analog and digital television designed to enable the creation of middleware and application software
4			processor	microsoft	server	high	computing	version			supercomputing windows skips itanium 2 microsoft will support only x86 processors with 64 bit extensions when it releases a special version of windows server for high performance computing next year, leaving support for intel 's itanium 2 chip to a later, unspecified date.
4			system	linux			sco web site hack mocks company's legal claims malicious hackers have compromised the sco group's web page twice in as many days, posting messages that appear to mock the company's claims to own parts of the linux operating system.
4			researcher	technology			gartner: half of u.s. it operations jobs to vanish in 20 years gartner researchers believe that as many as 50 of the it operational jobs in the u.s. could disappear over the next two decades because of coming improvements in data center technologies.
2			team			aftershock: brown rips team 's lack of effort larry brown was despondent, the head of the us selection committee was defensive and an irritated allen iverson was hanging up on callers who asked what went wrong.
4			processor	high	computing	server			photo: ibm's p5 575 server ibm's p5 575, a specialized server geared for high performance computing, has eight 1.9ghz power5 processors.
4			system	terrorist			airlines ordered to turn over passenger data the transportation security administration announced on tuesday that it will order domestic airlines to turn over personal information about passengers to test a system that will compare their names to those on terrorist watch lists.
4			project			big dig jobs are nearing end of road more than a decade after thousands of construction workers began flocking to the big dig, boston's $ 14.6 billion roadway project is winding down and so are the jobs.
4			development			uk chemists seek hydrogen store hydrogen has zero greenhouse emissions when burned in the novel car engines now under development but being a gas it is expensive to compress or liquefy.
2			play	victory			saulnier looking strong cyril saulnier's 6 3, 7 6 victory over gilles elseneer on wednesday continues a recent trend of superb play for the 29 year old frenchman.
4			system	sale			agere to cut 500 jobs, book charges communications chip maker agere systems inc. on wednesday said it will cut 500 jobs and sell or close a plant in florida that employs 600 people in order to reduce costs amid slowing sales.
4			software	vendor	version			sap releases new version of business one german business software vendor sap ag released a new version of its sap business one software with several functions designed for small and medium size manufacturers.
4			cell	pas			mobile phones cleared for takeoff cell phones and wireless devices pass airbus's onboard tests with flying colors.
2			basketball	walk	dream	team	player			taking long way around for hoop dream as a walk on player with the 2001 02 university of west virginia basketball team, aubrey guastalli wore uniform no. 13.
1			fighting			802.11a comes out fighting analysis prospects bright in the wi fi arena
4			exchange	holding	technology			tcl communication makes satisfactory debut in hkex tcl communication technology holdings limited tcl communication , one of the leading mobile handset manufacturers in the chinese mainland made its debut on hkex hong kong exchanges and clearings limited monday.
4			talk	un	technology			iran rejects eu nuke proposals, wants talks tehran, october 24 : iran on sunday rejected a european union proposal that it scrap uranium enrichment in return for nuclear technology, increasing the likelihood it will be reported to the un security council for possible sanctions.
4			computing			ca pushes on demand trend avoiding any mention of the accounting scandal that has rocked computer associates international inc. ca , interim chief executive officer ceo kenneth cron used his keynote speech at the opening of techxny tuesday to place the company at the center of the trend toward on demand computing.
4			code	software	source			hackers reopen online store an anonymous group of malicious hackers has reopened an online store that sells the stolen source code of prominent software products.
4			use	technology			pirating just got easier sonys music unit is abandoning its cds that use built in technology to limit copying them, after pushing the program for two years.
4			secretary	technology			technology secretary for virginia steps down virginia 's secretary of technology, george c. newstrom, said yesterday that he is stepping down from the post after more than two years on the job.
3			growth			windows ce surpasses shipments of palm os for the first time market research firm gartner reported worldwide growth of pda shipments for the third quarter of 2004, with windows ce outpacing palm os installations for the first time.
4			application			new oses, applications from palmsource palmsource has been busy lately, and has now announced updates to both of its os lines as well as a new web browser and ota installer.
4			processor			end of the line for hp's alpha the last processor of the chip family is due monday, signaling the end of a dynasty that never was.
2			coach	stadium	jean	football			coach hawkins the ringmaster of boise 's biggest show it 's all a little funky. in a city where a cosmopolitan feel meets jeeps and jean jackets, the football coach is reclining comfortably in his office outside the football stadium, the one with
4			team	football	technology			oracle 's ellison taunts 49ers owners oracle corp. chief executive larry ellison aimed his famously barbed tongue outside the technology industry wednesday, taunting the owners of the san francisco 49ers for refusing to sell the worst team in football.
4			patent	infringement	technology			details emerge in honeywell 's suit against apple honeywell on wednesday announced that it has filed suit in federal court against apple computer inc. and more than thirty other companies, alleging infringement over a 1994 patent that describes technology
4			player	standard	version	generation			sony, matsushita to launch blu ray disc camcorders in 2005 proponents of the blu ray disc standard for next generation dvd players plan to release camcorders that will record on smaller versions of the discs as early as 2005, the nihon keizai shimbun reported thursday.
4			priority	hardware			comdial extends sip to branch offices with the economy slowly turning up, upgrading hardware has been on businesses radar in the past 12 months as their number two priority.
4			microsystems	enterprise	feature	developer	access	version			sun delivers netbeans 4.1 access release sun microsystems on monday gave its netbeans ide 4.1 developers a rolling start toward working with the 4.1 version of the product, shipping an early access release that features support for enterprise edition 1.4 with ejb and web services.
4			software	game			half life 2 set for mid november release vivendi universal games vu games has confirmed that half life 2, developed by valve software, has gone gold with a planned retail street date of november 16, 2004.
4			plot	cell	system			review: gps in cell phones performs well ok, so i don't like asking for directions. but i don't get lost so often that i need to spend more than 1,000 on a built in car navigation system to plot my course with global positioning satellites.
2			season			with thanksgiving over, xmas could be next the holiday selling season got off to a strong start this weekend, which means...actually, it may not mean anything at all.
1			democrat	president	election	bush			don't slit your wrists over election, michael moore urges democrats outspoken us filmmaker michael moore urged despondent democrats not to slit their wrists over the outcome of the us election that gave president george w. bush another four year term.
4			mouse	leader	human	technology			a fantastic cancer drug deal medarex nasdaq: medx is best known for being a leader in antibody technology with its capabilities for generating human antibodies in mice.
4			player	cooperation	standard	technology			web founder promotes future cooperation the inventor of the world wide web told a technology conference on wednesday that making the web more useful hinges on a familiar challenge: getting the players behind the technology to agree on standards governing how computers communicate with one another.
4			technology	source			rumors aside, browser is a logical step for google google's next move may be to add a browser offering to its portfolio of internet products. a new york post news report suggests that the search engine giant has added employees to develop such a technology based on the open source mozilla browser.
3			retailer			a bowling alley for christmas? if that doesn 't make your gift fantasy come true, you could also hope for a $ 20,000 custom fitted suit of armor. the two items are just a sampling of the ultimate fantasy gifts featured in luxury retailer
4			army	software			3 d maps from commercial satellites guide g.i.'s in iraq's deadliest urban mazes the army has been using a new weapon that combines software with imagery beamed from satellites to make missions somewhat less unpredictable.
4			user	processor	pentium	technology			intel expands intel centrino mobile technology with new intel ... intel corporation yesterday introduced the intel pentium m processor 765, expanding its mobile processor offerings and enabling a broader range of intel centrino mobile technology based notebooks for corporate and home users.
2			coach	club			update 1 rangnick appointed schalke coach bundesliga club schalke 04 named former stuttgart and hanover coach ralf rangnick as their new trainer on tuesday in succession to jupp heynckes.
2			victory	race			trainer enjoys breakthrough day wherever he has gone, the trainer todd pletcher has had no problem winning races or earning money. he has established records for the most victories at meets at
1			president			president 's plane not intercepted: mnd the ministry of national defense mnd yesterday denied a report in the local media, which claimed that president chen shui bian 's presidential flight had been intercepted by
4			technology	alternative			toshiba eyes alternative flat tv technology sed tvs, coming next year, will offer bright, crt like pictures in a thin package.
4			system			sap offers new security service sap ag said today that it 's offering customers a new service to ensure the security of sap systems.
3			management			continental air to cut jobs continental airlines inc. said on thursday it plans to cut about 425 management and clerical jobs through staff reductions, attrition and the elimination of unfilled positions to save about $ 200 million in pretax costs.
4			linux	software	cell	standard	source			open source on the line roundup linux shapes up as a software standard for cell phone networks. also: california sees security in open source.
2			software	game	season			software now available for the new gaming season christmas is just around the corner and major computer games software publishers are readying their wares for the festive season. but these latest games are not your typical children 's programs.
2			cell	sport	series			espn to offer phone service through sprint sports cable channel espn will launch its own branded wireless phone service next year, the first in a series of branded cell phone services planned by the walt disney co., which owns espn.
1			debate	source			study: internet feeds political debates political junkies of all stripes have gotten much of their news and political commentary during this year 's campaign from online sources, and a new survey finds the internet is contributing to a wider awareness of political views.
3			sale			justices question ban on wine sales from out of state if the supreme court argument tuesday on interstate wine sales proves to be a reliable roadmap to the eventual decision, consumers who want to order wine directly from
1			parliament			new vote of confidence in european parliament tomorrow the european parliament ep will hold a vote of confidence in the new members of the european union eu commission led by jose manuel barroso tomorrow.
3			share			alitalia shares soar on union deal shares in alitalia are soaring as the board of the italian carrier prepares to approve a rescue plan that will cut jobs and slash wages in an effort to avoid collapse.
4			percent	growth	profit	system	networking	technology			cisco first quarter profits up 29 percent cisco systems inc.'s fiscal first quarter profits jumped 29 percent as the network equipment giant saw growth in its traditional routing markets as well as its emerging technologies like internet telephone and home networking gear.
1			politics	president	afghan			warlord politics heats afghan vote as the hometown of the current afghan president, kandahar should be wrapped up for hamid karzai. but look around, and
2			oil	sport			feds reopen probe of honda cr v fires the federal government is again looking at why the honda cr v compact sport utility vehicle sometimes catches fire after an initial oil change, according to a published report.
4			broadband	hague	technology			t mobile tries on start up's wireless gear flarion technologies is making its european debut by powering t mobile's wireless broadband service in the hague.
1			leader	nation	country	election	president			namibia votes for new president the southern african nation of namibia voted on monday for a successor to the only leader the country has ever known, and election officials said the first of two days of voting started smoothly.
2			match			moguls match up over news corp. rupert murdoch and john malone may be fixin' for a fight over the media giant.
1			president			brazilian president calls for harnessing globalization brazilian president luiz inacio lula da silva urged the international community on monday to harness globalization and turn it into a positive force for all peoples of the world.
3			club	enterprise			playboy to open club in shanghai playboy enterprises, the adult entertainment company, has announced plans to open a private members club in shanghai even though the company 's flagship men 's magazine is still banned in china.
3			retailer	share			amazon seeks share of searches online retailer amazon revamps its a9 search site as its tries to grab a slice of the search business.
3			retailer			amazon launching dvd rentals the is launching a dvd rental service, the online retailer 's first foray into a market that was pioneered by us based netflix.
2			minute	game			no. 24 virginia 48, northwestern 44 evanston, ill. northwestern tied the game with less than two and a half minutes left, but lost to number 24 virginia 48 to 44 tonight.
4			tool	application			lycos europe 's antispam tool no longer available after days of negative publicity and criticism, lycos europe 's make love not spam screensaver application is no longer available.
4			server	source	application	version			jboss reaches certification landmark jboss application server 4.0, the next version of the open source application server, was released on monday. the company claims that jboss as 4.0 is the first open source application server to achieve j2ee
3			profit	sale			daimlerchrysler reports $ 1.2 billion profit after loss last year bolstered by strong sales of new models, chrysler earned $ 269 million in the third quarter, up from $ 171 million a year ago, outperforming its larger us rivals in north america.
2			redskin	game	eagle			redskins trail, 17 14 the redskins get off to a fast start scoring 46 seconds into the game but now trail the eagles, 17 14, in the fourth quarter at fedex field.
2			strength	cell	sport			espn to enter us mobile market the sports media company espn will introduce a branded mobile service and cell phones next year in the u.s., becoming the latest in a growing number of companies entering the mobile market on the strength of established audiences.
4			system	speed	enterprise			cisco announces integrated services routers aimed at smbs and smes cisco systems has announced new integrated services routers capable of delivering wire speed data, voice, video and other advanced services to the small and medium sized business and enterprise branch office market segments.
4			networking			bt buys infonet in key global expansion move in a move to strengthen its position as a global provider of it and networking services, bt group plc has agreed to buy u.s. based infonet services corp., the companies announced monday.
2			good	team			good progress for jv and renault at silverstone the mild seven renault f1 team today continued testing at silverstone, with fernando alonso and jacques villeneuve representing the team.
1			leadership	party	parliament	reform			china party chief rules out democracy chinese communist party chief hu jintao called for parliament to take a stronger watchdog role on the eve of a key leadership meeting but ruled out western style democracy for china in a sign any reform would be incremental.
2			league	football	champion	point	team	country	play	unbeaten	game			unbeaten harvard faces test vs. princeton harvard, one of three undefeated 1 aa football teams in the country, and princeton, whose only loss was to 18th ranked colgate by 3 points, meet in a pivotal ivy league game saturday. harvard and princeton are 2 0 and tied for first with defending league champion penn, which plays at yale.
2			game			newsweek headlines psp much as it did to promote the playstation 2 as more than just a kids game machine, sony computer entertainment is again with psp courting the major press to bring its message of gaming being the future of entertainment to folks who ve
4			software	feature			apple software to help garage bands jam jam packs expand features and portability for musicians mixing music on their macs.
4			outlook	good	software	feature	technology	access			wireless messaging and data access software adds wi fi and more good technology says the latest release of its wireless messaging and data access software supports two new windows mobile devices the samsung sph i700 and the hp ipaq h6315 and adds wi fi connectivity, more outlook features, and boasts a 300
2			stadium	game	cardinal	series			reds bullpen struggles after lefty 's strong start the result, however, was all too familiar as the reds fell to the cardinals, 7 2, in the middle tilt of a three game series at busch stadium on tuesday evening.
4			enterprise	party	software	developer	application			developers prep for oracle third party software developers that make their living selling add on enterprise resource planning applications are bracing for a seismic shift in their business.
1			democrat			for democrats, library a place to raise voices weeks don't get much better if you are william jefferson clinton. for the third time in 12 eventful years, this proud southern city is bedecked with bunting and banners to welcome the world, this time for today's opening of clinton's 165 million presidential library.
2			leader	team			pilot of nascar plane brother of vermont house leader burlington, vt. one of the pilots of the plane owned by hendrik motorsports nascar team that crashed yesterday in virginia was the brother of vermont state representative john tracy.
1			election			md. voting machine custody debated a volunteer maryland election worker touched off a frenzied legal effort in montgomery county yesterday after he refused to return a touch screen voting machine, telling state election officials he intended to let an expert hired by cbs news examine it.
2			player	season			dell displays new tvs, music players products coming this holiday season also include new photo printers.
2			celebration	game			no. 6 wake forest 67, temple 64 with two starters on the bench, wake forest had a different look at the start of its game against temple. the postgame celebration wasn 't quite the same, either.
4			user	content	enterprise	software	management	file			oracle boosts enterprise content management oracle has launched new content management software, offering file management, security and event driven workflows. as expected, oracle unveiled files 10g at this week 's openworld user conference in san francisco.
4			energy	researcher	technology	institute			mit researchers work to power computers with spinach researchers at the massachusetts institute of technology say they have used spinach to harness a plant's ability to convert sunlight into energy for the first time, creating a device that may one day power laptops, mobile phones and more.
4			linux	sale	hardware			sun sales tactic targets linux company will compensate its sales staff for selling non sun machines, as part of its effort to boost solaris on x86 hardware.
2			coach			gamecocks coach lou holtz goes hopeful when coach lou holtz set out to revamp south carolina's losing culture this offseason, he took a look at himself as well.
2			leader	minister	prix	british	sport			future of f1 's british grand prix is secured the british motorsport industry has the opportunity to further enhance its reputation as a world leader after the future of the british grand prix at silverstone was secured, according sports minister richard caborn.
4			copyright	system	alternative			movement seeks copyright alternatives getting rights ok'd can be frustrating for artists, be they authors seeking to quote an essay or documentary filmmakers who've got snippets of pop songs playing in the background of key scenes. artists and scholars who believe the current copyright system unduly stifles creativity are pushing a less restrictive alternative that they call the creative commons.
2			title			sharapova signs deal with fragrance company ah, the sweet smell of success: maria sharapova 's wimbledon title helped her land an endorsement deal for a perfume that will bear her name.
3			profit			boeing reaps $ 49m from us error boeing co. made at least $ 49 million in excess profit on a federal aviation security contract because the government failed to properly structure the deal, a federal audit released monday found.
1			crisis			turnaround progress seen, 2 executives to leave ford two of the ford motor company's most senior executives retired in a sign that the company's deep financial crisis has abated, though serious challenges remain.
3			producer	profit			porn producers to be severely punished in china according to the interpretations by china 's supreme people 's court and supreme people 's procuratorate, grave cases of non profit production and dissemination of pornographic materials are also criminal and subject to punishment.
3			high	speed	sale	earnings			verizon posts flat third quarter earnings verizon communications inc. , the largest u.s. telecommunications company, on thursday reported third quarter earnings virtually unchanged from the year before as wireless and high speed internet sales offset losses of local phone lines.
3			share	profit	earnings	system	airway	technology	bankruptcy			eds: u.s. air bankruptcy to cut its profits electronic data systems corp. said on thursday the us airways bankruptcy could reduce its third quarter earnings by up to 3 cents per share because of a long term information technology contract between the companies.
4			user			mobile phones take over in india indian mobile phone users outnumber fixed line customers for the first time, the country's telecoms regulator says.
4			server			five across introduces server, adds rss to im client five acrosshas upgraded its workgroup instant messaging client by adding rss support and developed its first workgroup instant messaging server, the palo alto, california company plans to announce wednesday.
4			technology	server	infrastructure	storage			hp partners brocade on bladesystem servers hewlett packard has joined with brocade to integrate brocade 's storage area network switching technology into hp bladesystem servers to reduce the amount of fabric infrastructure needed in a datacentre.
2			nation	team			schmidt to take greater role in u.s. cybersecurity the nation's former cybersecurity czar agrees to advise the government's incident response team.
4			jersey	technology			super search launched in us and china the new jersey based accoona corporation, an industry pioneer in artificial intelligence search technology, announced on monday the launch of accoona.
4			microsoft	software	code			california cities, counties sue microsoft class action suit accuses the software giant of violating state's business code.
2			medal	game			greek weightlifter stripped of bronze greek weightlifter leonidas sampanis on sunday was stripped of the bronze medal he won last week and banished from the athens games for failing an antidoping test.
2			sport	colorado			ebersol survives crash nbc sports chairman dick ebersol survives a plane crash in southwestern colorado on sunday.
4			auto	desktop	mac	technology			auto technology keeps power mac cool a desktop computer seems an unlikely place to find a car radiator. but open up the latest rendition of apple computer 's power mac and that is essentially what you ll find.
4			processor	hardware	licensing	microsoft	software	core			microsoft stance on multicore licensing will help customers on 19 october 2004, microsoft announced that its software licensed on a per processor basis will continue to be licensed on that basis when installed on hardware that contains dual core and multicore processors.
3			retailer			sprint thinks print with fujifilm partnership carrier looks to goose wireless data business by letting subscribers print photos at various retailers, directly from their camera phones.
4			system	standard	top	technology			defense, it companies form standards group the five top u.s. defense contractors, communications companies joined on tuesday with some european rivals to develop technology standards that will allow better communication among future weapons systems.
4			defence	system			bae buys pentagon it supplier bae systems acquires a us firm which provides computer and it systems to the us defence department.
4			database	tool	upgrade	software	mac	developer	server	application			web server tool lasso adds filemaker 7 support the upgrade to the omnipilot's's web application server tool adds compatibility with filemaker pro 7, allowing developers of data driven sites to keep pace with the most popular database software available for the mac.
1			debate			deep rooted debate stirs up christmas tree growers shirley mansour looks dubious as she examines the plastic needles on the 9 foot sedona pine. i m not sure i really want to do this, she says, circling the $ 337.50 artificial tree at the seasonal concepts store in roswell, ga.
2			play			onuaku picks syracuse episcopal forward arinze onuaku will make his choice official when he signs a national letter of intent to play for syracuse wednesday.
1			talk			credit tete a tete two credit junkies talk about couples and credit, the real fico, and conspiracies.
4			profit	earnings	system	technology	second			eds postpones results, backs profit view electronic data systems corp. , the world 's second largest technology services provider, on monday said it has postponed its earnings announcement until nov. 3 to evaluate a possible assets impairment of its problematic navy contract.
2			russia	reform	sport			gymnastics: russia chief blasts 'judging mafia' russia's gymnastics chief leonid arkayev has added his voice to a chorus of public opinion calling for major reforms in his sport, saying olympic gymnasts are powerless against what he called judging mafia.
2			game	election			video game review: 'political machine' political couch potatoes who can't get enough of the impending presidential election will find endless fun with the political machine.
4			desktop	upgrade	software			outsourced crash holds up benefits payments a routine software upgrade of desktop pcs at the department of work and pensions has left 80 of the ministry 's computers unable to send or receive e mails.
3			vendor	price			infineon executives guilty of dram price fixing court documents say dell, gateway, and other major pc vendors were affected.
2			final	championship	season			sainz to sit out his farewell rally one the eve of the start of the world rally championship season finale and what would have been the final wrc competition for carlos sainz, the spaniard and co driver
1			leader	party	arrest	opposition			democracy leader aung san suu kyi house arrest extended: party myanmar's detained democracy leader aung san suu kyi has had her period of house arrest extended by another year, her opposition party and officials said.
4			outsourcing	software	developer			in healthy indian job market, developers want it all as hiring picks up in bangalore, india, the city's software professionals are again acquiring the spoiled brat image they had in the late 1990s, when the dot com boom increased staff requirements at indian outsourcing companies.
1			war	value	president	election			liberals dismayed by 'moral values' claims family values, traditional values and now, moral values. most american adults would say they have them, and yet that two word phrase is the focus of an ideological tug of war heightened by president bush's re election, with conservatives declaring principal ownership and liberals scrambling to challenge them.
2			stadium			caesars, quintain to build wembley casino u.s. casino firm caesars entertainment inc. and quintain estates have formed a joint venture to turn the area around london's wembley stadium into a $ 600 million leisure and gambling resort.
1			regime			officials blame exiles in us the tone was light, but the dapper comedian 's words were sobering as he outlined his vision for regime change in leftist venezuela.
2			play	cup	team			americans to take on spaniards in davis cup finale in december let 's start by dispensing praise to both the us and spanish davis cup teams that will play for the chalice the first week of december.
3			investor	management			tower to get a $ 130 mln from australian wealth units tower ltd., new zealand 's third biggest asset manager for individual investors, will receive a $ 130 million $ 100 million from the spinoff of its australian wealth management units, bridges and tower trust.
2			game			sindelar snaps slump with 66 at rainy open joey sindelar had to wait five hours for the canadian open to get started thursday at oakville, ontario, which was nothing compared with the five weeks he had to wait for his game to show up.
2			league	final	baseball	sport			column: major league baseball strikes out in montreal canada bid a final adieu to the montreal expos who disappeared from the country's sports scene on wednesday in a wave of bitterness and nostalgia.
1			corruption	president			kenya 's anti graft chief resigns kenya 's fight against corruption suffered a blow on monday after the chairperson of the new kenya anti corruption advisory board kacc resigned in protest at interference in its affairs by president mwai kibaki.
2			race			sally still shoulders rowing blame it started with a late race collapse, escalated in a physical threat and manifested in a highly public finger pointing session. now, after rower catriona oliver slapped sally robbins before stunned
2			fan	final	team			world rally news minor scare for sainz ahead of final event. carlos sainz gave his fans and his citroen team a minor scare ahead of rally australia after an accident forced the spaniard to go to hospital.
4			good	technology			analysis: if it 's embedded, it better be good it 's happened many times before, most notably with dial up modems and ethernet interfaces: a new network technology initially appears as an add on, but over time, the technology
2			coach	president			he sounds confident, not cocky you could tell why university of president bernie machen and athletic director jeremy foley wanted urban meyer almost immediately after the coach started talking.
2			player			making disk drives the star of the show agere is working to make tiny drives the heart of mp3 players and other devices. but are nonstandard approaches worth the risk?
3			profit	dow	share			xstrata says seeking wmc to enhance copper profit stream sydney dow jones xstrata plc said monday that its a $ 6.35 a share cash bid for australia 's wmc resources ltd. wmr.
4			microsoft	technology			mp3 losing steam? after years as the unrivaled king of the digital media world, the venerable mp3 music format is losing ground to rival technologies from microsoft and apple computer.
4			team	technology	development			singulus, sony team up on blu ray development german compact disc and dvd equipment company singulus and japan 's sony have teamed up to develop a new technology for music and video discs, singulus said on tuesday.
1			leader	border	president			somaliland warns somalia's leader the breakaway republic of somaliland says it will retaliate if somalia's new president poses a threat to its border.
2			team	country	club	night	victory			euros manage major victory don 't cry for team usa it would take something a lot more traumatic than this to have made dinner taste bitter last night at the oakland hills country club.
3			stock			browsing for stocks holiday shopping on amazon? try looking for stocks at the same time. if you don't, you're missing a golden opportunity.
4			virus	microsoft	technology			cisco, microsoft band together on network security microsoft and cisco are integrating their security technologies in an effort to isolate computers that are infected with viruses or have other security risks thus preventing them from spreading the danger to corporate networks.
1			debate	pledge	election			house blocks court on pledge case rulings the house, in an emotionally and politically charged debate six weeks before the election, voted thursday to protect the words under god in the pledge of allegiance from further court challenges.
3			sale	stock			duffield: oracle's skewing facts on stock sales peoplesoft's ceo fires back at rival, saying it's wrong about his stock transactions. both companies scramble ahead of friday deadline.
3			growth			us growth figures revised upwards the us economy grew more quickly than previously thought in the three months to june, official figures suggest.
4			outsourcing	point	technology			computerworld data points outsourcing beef up your powerpoint presentations with our newest collection of outsourcing facts. as part of our outscoucing special report and knowledge center, data points are compiled to help it executives make business and technology decisions.
3			holding			gymnastics pettiness is all around if international gymnastics is a brick house, the mortar holding it together is a conglomerate of finger pointing, dubious judging, scandal, complaining and bald faced weeping.
1			election	development			voting opens in ukraine election kiev: voting began sunday in ukraine 's presidential elections, seen as a critical test for the future of democratic development in the former soviet state, a foreign news agency reported.
4			technology			the changing face of campus tech seadour writes cnet news has an interesting perspective on the changing face of technology on campus. these days, students are showing more interest in the tech perks that campuses have to offer, and universities are taking notice.
3			holding			xm satellite unveils online music service xm satellite radio holding inc. on wednesday said it would launch a commercial free, internet music service in early october. with xm radio online, subscribers will be able to listen to the
4			supercomputer	ibm	speed	development			ibm claims supercomputer speed crown an ibm supercomputer still under development has set an unofficial new world speed record during testing, the company announced on wednesday.
3			sale			automakers look to rev up sales with fun new ads tired of the heavy political ads, the ones that weigh you down with negativity, blame for national problems and division? now there 's less reason to fret the breaks in your tv shows.
4			police	technology	development	president	code	source			police question report of india code theft police probing the alleged theft of source code at jolly technologies' development center in mumbai are questioning aspects of the security incursion and said the company's president hasn't cooperated with their investigation.
1			sentiment	election			consumer sentiment improves in november u.s. consumers have grown more cheerful so far this month as the hotly contested presidential election drew to a close and job prospects seemed to improve, according to a survey released on friday.
4			speed	feature			lexmark spruces up color lasers lexmark international is shipping new color laser printers with faster speeds, enhanced media handling capabilities and cost saving features.
4			infrastructure	system	technology	president	development			nasscom urges wb to boost infrastructure west bengal government should give more emphasis to infrastructure development by building more roads, rapid transit and communication systems for providing a conducive environment to the information technology sector, nasscom president kiran karnik said
4			hardware	software	computing			mit aims to make computing easy professor wants to redesign chip software and hardware for the mobile age, creating chips that can power chameleon devices.
2			victory	championship			only hollow victories in store for ferrari ferrari 's rivals have warned them that only hollow victories await them if they don 't agree to reduce the number of days they will spend testing during next year 's championship.
2			medal	race			olympics: china halfway to completing medals plan china led the olympic medal race going into the fourth day of competition on tuesday with 10 golds.
4			infrastructure	priority	identity	enterprise	tool	ibm	project			ibm sets date for new tools bundle com october 13, 2004, 5:30 am pt. this fourth priority 's main focus has been enterprise directories as organizations spawn projects around identity infrastructure.
4			vendor	decline	management	technology			study reveals decline in it customer loyalty walkerinformation, a 65 year old company that focuses on surveying customer brand loyalty, released its 2004 study of it vendors this week, entitled, customer loyalty management for information technology.
4			software			computer associates to pay $ 225 over accounting scandal former computer associates international inc. chairman and chief executive sanjay kumar has been charged with securities fraud, conspiracy and obstruction of justice in connection with a multibillion dollar accounting scandal at the software company.
4			system	mail	technology			earthlink, yahoo test new antispam system earthlink inc. and yahoo inc. said today they would begin tests of a new anti spam technology that encodes digital signatures into customers e mail as a way to separate legitimate messages from unwanted spam.
2			medal	team			possible eighth medal chance for phelps michael phelps 's chances of winning a record eight medals at the athens olympics were given a big boost on thursday when us team officials said he might swim the heats of the 4x100 medley relay.
4			system			arm to buy designer of systems on a chip with the acquisition of artisan components, arm will get 340 employees, plus facilities in california and india.
2			game			honda's minimoto maxii tops kids' wish lists yahoo video games are so last christmas. this year, kids want wheels.
4			technology	price			infineon admits to price fixing infineon technologies ag has agreed to plead guilty and to pay a $ 160 million fine for participating in an international conspiracy to fix prices in the dram market, the us department of justice doj said today.
1			police	politician	minister			helicopter carrying politicians crashes in east india a helicopter carrying eight people, including a government minister and two lawmakers, crashed in mountainous northeast india on wednesday, a police officer said.
1			president			yushchenko was poisoned by dioxin doctors the man who hopes to become ukraine's next president was the victim of poisoning by dioxin a toxic chemical that can easily be administered in soup containing cream, austrian doctors said on saturday.
2			bowl	sport			juicy matchup is one to savor this is a matchup that makes you think all's right with the sports world after all. the 2005 orange bowl is the comfort food of athletic events.
2			medal	game	night			taiwan claims first two taekwondo golds the first taekwondo medals of the athens games were awarded thursday night in the men 's and women 's flyweight division, and taiwan captured both golds.
4			hardware	licensing	microsoft	software	technology	core			microsoft reveals licensing plans for dual core chips the company says it will offer the same per processir software licensing model for hardware containing dual core and multicore technology.
1			leader			anglican leaders welcome report a report criticising us anglicans for ordaining a gay bishop is welcomed by those who opposed his appointment.
3			investor	stock	value	software	sale	technology	second			siebel, peoplesoft trigger sector bounce just three months ago, investors of technology stocks watched values plummet after some 20 software companies warned wall street that sales would remain lackluster in what turned out to be a brutal second quarter.
2			coach	football			southampton look to houllier after sturrock is shown the door southampton are planning to appoint a director of football to work alongside the new head coach, steve wigley, after the abrupt sacking of paul sturrock yesterday.
1			election			current stories in editorial: as the election approaches, congress abandons all pretense of fiscal responsibility, voting tax cuts that would drive 10 year deficits past $ 3 trillion.
2			football	franchise	top	fifa	cell	game			ea to boost efforts in cell phone gaming gaming giant electronic arts will boost production of video games for mobile phones over the next nine months, bringing top selling franchises fifa football and the sims to handsets, the company said thursday.
3			profit	earnings			mgm mirage profit up on las vegas tourism casino operator mgm mirage on wednesday reported higher third quarter earnings as tourism and gambling at its las vegas resorts boomed.
3			shareholder			directv consolidates latam satellite ops directv group the largest u.s. satellite television service, will buy its controlling shareholder news corp ltd.'s stakes in sky latin america for 579 million and combine its operations with directv latin america, the companies said on monday.
4			hit	vendor	technology			anti spam firms hit back at gartner claims anti spam vendors hit back on tuesday against analyst firm gartner 's claims that the level of spam is falling. i don 't agree with it at all, said mark sommer, chief technology officer at messagelabs.
4			system	content			turner to provide content for net tv company akimbo systems inc., a startup that plans to deliver video over the internet to television sets, has signed a deal for mainstream content from time warner inc...
2			franchise	team	season			perth to host super 14 franchise the australian rugby union aru announced on friday that perth will host the fourth australian team in a super 14 competition to begin in the 2006 season.
4			microsoft	collaboration	code	application	source			microsoft flexes more open source muscle microsoft releases code for flexwiki web collaboration program the company's third application to go public.
3			inventory	profit	sale	jean	career			j.c. penney posts profit, sales strong department store operator j.c. penney co. inc. on tuesday posted a quarterly operating profit, reversing a year earlier loss, on inventory controls and strong sales of jeans, home furnishings and career clothes.
3			shareholder	earnings	share			peoplesoft rejects oracle 's best offer with third quarter revenues of $ 161 million, strong earnings per share, healthy cash flow and robust projections to back them up, peoplesoft 's directors are advising shareholders that oracle 's
4			desktop	microsoft	suite	tool	technology	chicago			desktop search is the new search engine battlefield yesterday, in a teleconference planned for the same day as the chicago search engine strategies conference, microsoft announced their new toolbar suite, a desktop search tool which is loosely based on the look out technology purchased by microsoft last
4			technology			arm reveals neon multimedia extension technology microprocessor designer arm ltd. has developed a new multimedia technology called neon that will help improve the performance of mobile electronics devices that process multiple tasks, the company said monday.
2			medal	game	title			pound suggests hamilton skirted justice wada chief suggests cyclist got away with doping: tyler hamilton 's title from the athens games is no longer a gold medal in the eyes of the world because of the cyclist 's failed drug test, the head of the world anti doping agency said.
2			shot	champion	team	beat	stadium	game			game day for umass's brown massachusetts, which beat division 1 aa runner up colgate earlier this year, gets a shot at the 2003 champion today when delaware comes to mcguirk stadium for an atlantic 10 matchup of nationally ranked teams.
4			system			cisco plans to accelerate new product offerings cisco systems ceo john chambers said today that his company plans to offer twice as many new products this year as ever before.
4			beta	technology			new msn messenger beta leaks onto web com october 1, 2004, 11:46 am pt. there 's no doubt the internet will continue to make its mark in the world of business and technology.
4			talk	networking			experts envision taillights that talk forget bluetooth and uwb. a group of japanese companies believes it's found a better answer for short range networking.
4			user	server			intel keeps its eye on the internet in a future with millions of users and devices taxing the net, intel based servers will help out.
4			software			judge clears oracle's bid for rival a federal judge ruled yesterday that the justice department erred in seeking to block oracle corp.'s proposed hostile takeover of peoplesoft inc., giving a boost to oracle's efforts to snare its smaller software rival.
4			virus	software			hp to launch virus throttling software san francisco hewlett packard plans to give customers a new weapon against viruses: software that crimps their spread. early next year, the computer maker will begin selling software designed to slow the
3			sale			kraft foods orders up healthier array of snacks these are the times that try cookie makers' sales...
4			tool			wireless tech gets workout at rnc protesters and federal agents are using new tools to communicate with cohorts during the republican national convention.
4			system	software	hardware	enterprise			3com to buy tippingpoint for $ 430m the deal will add tippingpoint's unityone line of network based intrusion prevention system hardware and software to 3com's stable of enterprise security products.
3			retailer			an entertaining holiday pick hastings, a multimedia retailer, trims losses and raises full year guidance.
2			race			democratic prospects for hill takeover dim in a sharp change from just two months ago, republicans are gaining a commanding position in the race for control of the us house and senate.
3			stock			google search: best laid plans when google first burst on the stock market scene, the guys running the place sounded like political newcomers attaining public office for the first time and vowing to clean up the place: mr.
2			champion	trophy			trophy 's minnows sink without trace goliath and his like have had a bad press over the years. but the champions trophy is doing all it can to leave us feeling sorry for the big fella and looking forward to the day when david slings his hook.
2			basketball	tournament	point	victory	game			yao 's 39 carries china past new zealand yao ming bounced back from a rough opening game with 39 points and 13 rebounds to lead china to a 69 62 victory over new zealand in the men 's basketball group a tournament tuesday.
4			processor	microsystems	system	upgrade	computing			sun unveils ultrasparc iv sun microsystems inc. on tuesday was set to announce its ultrasparc iv microprocessor, the last significant upgrade to the company's processor line before it begins shipping the redesigned chips it calls throughput computing processors, and hands over the task of building chips for the bulk of its systems to fujitsu ltd.
2			nation	country	good	win	player	game			boring game? outsource it it's not just work that's being outsourced from wealthy nations to poorer ones. these days, online gamers in developing countries are being paid to earn virtual goods that wealthier players are too lazy or unskilled to win on their own. by laila weir.
2			champion			chess legend wedding bid genuine the japanese woman who plans to marry former world chess champion bobby fischer says their feelings are genuine.
4			microsoft	computing	server			microsoft to launch virtual server 2005 virtualization will get another lift next week when microsoft quote, chart rolls out its virtual server 2005, a product geared to help companies efficiently pool computing resources.
4			development	tool	series			rumours surround google browser online journals, or weblogs, have put together a series of developments which suggest that the search engine is developing new web tools.
2			club			europe 's new members not ready for the euro six months after the european union admitted 10 new members, capping their journey from communism to the free market, they got a blunt reminder that the club 's inner sanctum
4			system			bacs looks to conquer europe bacs, the uk clearing house and operator of the direct debit system, will today announce it is changing its name to voca and planning to muscle in on the continental european market for automated payments.
2			mariner	team			kon tiki returns to the sea nearly 60 years after thor heyerdahl sailed his kon tiki balsa raft across the pacific to prove a theory about ancient mariners, a team that includes his grandson plans to recreate the 101 day epic voyage although the craft will have solar panels
2			baseball			san francisco giants to offer wi fi instant replays peanuts, hot dogs and wireless instant replays. it's the future of baseball...
4			app	system	bea	upgrade	development	code	server	application	version			bea hails app server upgrade bea systems yesterday unveiled version 9.0 of its weblogic server application server, code named diablo, with the promise of simplified development of service oriented applications.
1			party	military			ldp to propose self defense force japan 's ruling party is considering constitutional revisions for setting up a self defense military force and also making the emperor the head of the state.
4			patent	microsoft	file	technology			ruling rejected a 1996 microsoft patent in a preliminary ruling, the government rejected microsoft 's 1996 patent on technology for saving files on computers using easy to remember names.
1			leader	summit	president			chile says asia pacific to push very hard for wto pact asia pacific leaders will push very hard at a summit this weekend for a successful outcome to world trade organization free trade negotiations, chilean president ricardo lagos said.
4			ibm	infrastructure			ibm inks 500m voice, data deal with lloyds ibm said monday that it won a 500 million aud $ 1.25 billion , seven year services contract to help move uk bank lloyds tbs from its traditional voice infrastructure to a converged voice and data network.
3			enterprise	core			cisco gets new partner, clients, product in the core cisco forged a partnership with fujitsu wherein the japanese company will market cisco 's crs 1 core router to carriers and large enterprises in japan.
3			good			the perfect business to determine how good a company is, it helps to consider the characteristics of the perfect business.
4			ship	speed	generation			need for speed underground 2 goes gold ea 's street racing sequel on course for its november 15 release on all current generation consoles and pc. electronic arts today announced that need for speed underground 2 has gone gold and is expected to ship to retail stores on november 15.
2			coach	talk	team			erickson staying in sf after talks with ole miss san francisco 49ers head coach dennis erickson will remain with the team after discussing the head coaching vacancy at ole miss with school officials on tuesday.
4			election	tool	system	software	file	vendor	code	use			feds issue test copies of e voting software federal officials last week released a set of software files submitted by five vendors of e voting systems and voting verification tools, saying that election officials can use the code and related digital signatures to
2			game	sale			governor wants to ban sale of explicit video games to minors gov. rod blagojevich plans to propose a ban thursday on the sale of violent and sexually explicit video games to minors, something other states have tried with little success.
2			match			invasive purple weed may meet its match they burned it, mowed it, sprayed it and flooded it. but nothing killed the purple loosestrife weed, which has become a regional plague, until officials at the parker river national wildlife refuge set a european beetle loose on it.
1			leader	president	project			ex presidents to help with wtc memorial the four living former presidents will be honorary leaders of the world trade center memorial project, gov. george pataki announced monday.
2			war	football			bones suggest women went to war in ancient iran these days iranian women are not even allowed to watch men compete on the football field, but 2,000 years ago they could have been carving the boys to pieces on the battlefield.
2			game	nation			baseball's return to d.c. long time coming the last time the nation's capital was home to the national pastime, the game was literally a riot.
2			medal	game	race	dream			phelps upbeat despite end of seven gold dream the dream of emulating mark spitz's seven olympic gold medals is over for michael phelps but the american refused to be disappointed after finishing third in the most eagerly awaited race of the athens games monday.
4			team	feature			skull in poet petrarch's tomb not his a scientific team that had been hoping to reconstruct the features of the great italian poet petrarch by digging up his bones has confirmed that the skull found in his tomb is not his.
4			interview	technology			the case for women in the technology business interview ibm's rebecca george fights her corner
4			technology			intel 's rosedale chip brings wimax closer intel corp. has begun shipping samples of its first wimax chip, called rosedale, and the first network trials based on the technology will start next year, a senior company executive said tuesday.
3			share	earnings	stock	tumble	technology			blue chips tumble, caterpillar weighs u.s. blue chip stocks slid lower on thursday, pulled down by industrial bellwether caterpillar inc. , but technology shares remained higher after ebay inc. posted strong earnings.
4			system	microsoft			at peeks out of the box there are more signs that, at least in theory, the dominance of microsoft 's nasdaq: msft windows operating system may be slightly less potent than, say, a year ago this time.
4			good	mac	software	developer			mac skeptic: apple's isight, a webcam and more software developers have made the isight good for much more than just video chat.
3			sale	gain	share			intel clouded by back to school fears intel corp. 's upcoming mid quarter report will be closely watched for signs of weak back to school computer sales, though recent market share gains in memory chips could help offset any softness in computer microprocessor demand.
2			race	win			fontana: honda race report a thrilling last lap shootout between honda powered competitors adrian fernandez and tony kanaan was decided in favor of the former sunday at california speedway, as fernandez edged his rival by just the length of a nosecone to win his third indy racing
1			war			two killed in naples 'turf war' two more people are killed in italy in what officials say is a turf war between rivals within the naples mafia.
4			upgrade	software			peoplesoft pushes customers to upgrade under threat of hostile takeover, peoplesoft offers freebies to customers that migrate to latest software release
1			leader	president			namibia votes to elect new leader retiring president sam nujoma, founder of the state who has held office for 15 years, cast the first vote at a polling station in the capital, windhoek.
4			desktop	software	linux	project	version			kde updates linux desktop the kde project has released version 3.3 of its linux desktop interface software.
4			speed	president	technology			intel names otellini new ceo intel corp. on thursday said president paul otellini, a marketing expert, would replace craig barrett as chief executive, at a time when the no. 1 microchip maker looks for markets beyond personal computers and for new technologies to speed up pcs.
1			debate			which diet is best? the one that works for you gather together some diners who are trying to lose weight, then sit back and listen to the debate. almost anyone who's on a diet or at least one that's working is convinced his or her plan is the best...
4			user	platform	card			new web site allows salespeople to help solve the puzzle of whom to reach it sounds like a 1999 dot com spin on ebay: a new san mateo start up called jigsaw says it is launching a platform where users can buy, sell and trade business cards.
4			crm	enterprise	system	software	erp	application	source			open source makes do it yourself crm possible for years, companies large and small have been convinced that if they want the sophisticated functionality of enterprise class software like erp and crm systems, they must buy pre packaged applications. and, to a large extent, that remains true.
3			investment			netherlands csm sells candy operations dutch bakery ingredients company csm nv said thursday it will sell its candy business to investment company cvc capital partners ltd.
4			patent	kodak	microsystems	java	software	technology	server			sun finalizes accounting for kodak settlement sun microsystems inc.'s first quarter loss was reduced friday as the server and software company finalized the accounting for its $ 92 million patent settlement with eastman kodak co. over the java programming technology.
4			development			neighbors of burned homes pained by suburban sprawl the fires set at a development on a wetland in maryland have highlighted a long and contentious battle over whether the injection of suburban density belonged there.
2			coach			lakers makes selves at home the fact that tomjanovich took no flight before the contest and actually was in staples center may have been lost on the laker coach.
3			investor	investment	holding	morgan			morgan stanley is fined $ 100,000 by nasd morgan stanley was slapped with a $ 100,000 fine from regulators on monday after the investment bank failed to tell municipal bond investors that their holdings could be redeemed before the maturity date.
2			league	baseball	team	franchise			dc 's team will be the nationals major league baseball 's washington, dc franchise finally got a name monday, nearly two months after the team relocated from montreal.
4			technology			tech job cuts leap 60 announced job cuts in the technology sector soared 60 in the third quarter to 54,701, the highest figure since the fourth quarter of 2003 82,328 .
1			leader	election	putin	president			putin backs ukrainian leader, dismissing call for new runoff the russian president rejected the idea of new ukrainian elections and criticized european efforts to mediate.
4			technique	attack			phishing without a lure while the victims of the latest phishing technique may not have to click on a link to be victimized by the effort to steal information, the attack is similar to traditional phishing scams because
3			value			intel's extreme makeover plus, coke loses some fizz, peoplesoft sort of says no, and has starbucks' value peaked?
4			guidant	player	technology			j j agrees $ 25.4bn guidant deal drug giant johnson johnson agrees to buy guidant corp, a key player in the heart technology market, for $ 25.4bn.
4			investor	system			cisco snags routing start up cisco systems announced on thursday that it has finalized a definitive agreement to acquire privately held bcn systems. cisco had been an investor in the santa clara, calif.
4			processor	microsystems	amd	tool	system	development	application			sun readies tool support for 64 bit amd systems sun microsystems plans to release its sun studio 10 development tool in the fourth quarter of this year, featuring support for 64 bit applications running on amd opteron and nocona processors, sun officials said on tuesday.
2			champion			warne out of mumbai australia 's champion leg spinner shane warne has been sent home from india after breaking his thumb in training, ruling him out of the fourth test in mumbai, which begins on wednesday.
2			season			kids rule for back to school the purchasing power of kids is a big part of why the back to school season has become such a huge marketing phenomenon.
4			user	infrastructure	ibm	management	technology			ibm sets up hands on user test centre ibm has established a new technology centre in the washingon dc to help it departments to better define their tivoli based infrastructure management strategies.
3			depot	sale	retailer			house call it says something when the world's largest home improvement retailer, with 65 billion in sales, is willing to risk its reputation on an 800 fee. home depot customers do 25 million transactions each week, and most are happy enough to come back. but the relationship has always ended at the store's threshold. it left to plumbers, electricians and handymen the mud tracks in the living room, the punctured pipes in the basement and the inevitable budget overruns.
1			leadership	president	finance			jpmorgan 's dimon, three months on job, reshuffles leadership jamie dimon waited less than three months after becoming president of jpmorgan chase co. to install as finance chief a banker he worked with for more than a decade.
4			siemens	broadband	technology			siemens backs new wireless technology german telecommunications gear maker siemens is backing a new kind of broadband wireless technology that will compete with wi fi and 3g cellular services.
3			chain			hardee 's roll out monster thickburger at the same time as many fast food chains cater to the health conscious, hardee 's is introducing the biggest and thickest of its thickburgers.
3			investor			cable wireless to cut 600 more jobs the telecommunications firm cable wireless today said it would cut another 600 jobs and return 250m to investors as it reaches the halfway mark in a three year recovery plan.
3			sale			germany 's new reality during much of germany 's postwar economic boom, as prosperity mounted and car sales multiplied, workers at the opel automobile factory here
3			profit	retailer	price			wild oats, pathmark warn on results natural and organic foods retailer wild oats markets inc. and pathmark stores inc. both warned on monday that their full year results would miss wall street forecasts because profit margins were being squeezed by aggressive price cuts.
4			cell			phone passion: dating with virtual girlfriend a hong kong company develops a virtual girlfriend for new cell phones with video capability. artificial life, inc. 's electronic love interest will appear as an animated figure on a telephone screen.
2			game	team	redskin	season			redskins cut strong safety ohalete strong safety ifeanyi ohalete was cut by the washington redskins on tuesday after starting 15 games for the team last season.
2			play	player	england			rain frustrates england 's fightback persistent drizzle, which forced the players from the field shortly before one o clock, lingered long enough to prevent play restarting, and so everyone will be back at 10.
4			microsoft	software			microsoft overtakes rival palm microsoft corp. has overtaken rival palmsource inc. in the handheld computer software market, the washington post reported saturday.
4			game	technology			jfk assassination video game technology brings a whole new light to history.technology brings a whole new light to history.technology brings a whole new light to history.
4			hardware	design	system	tour	president			joswiak: 'true to what an imac has always been about' after apple unveiled the imac g5 in paris this week, vice president of hardware product marketing greg joswiak gave macworld editors a guided tour of the desktop's new design. among the topics of conversation: the imac's cooling system, why pre installed bluetooth functionality and firewire 800 were left out, and how this new model fits in with apple's objectives.
4			software	symantec			symantec acquires at stake symantec corp., the world 's largest maker of antivirus software, agreed to acquire closely held consultant at stake inc., which identifies programming faults in software, for an undisclosed sum.
1			president			lanci to take over as acer 's president acer 's current president, jt wang, will take over as chairman and chief executive officer, replacing acer co founder stan shih, who will retire at the end of the year.
1			party			konstantinos kenteris: glorious past, uncertain future mitilini, greece inside the pint size community theater here, on a street hugging the aegean sea, the party was to begin at sundown.
1			presidency	prime	minister			romania pm, bucharest mayor battle for presidency romanian prime minister adrian
4			content			search marketing off the beaten track opportunities for effective, inexpensive search marketing are abundant when you and 'think outside the big search box' and look to vertical or specialized content sites.
2			team			swiss based phonak cycling team appeals uci licence refusal the swiss based phonak team said wednesday it is contesting the international cycling union 's decision to refuse it a racing licence amid a doping scandal.
4			feature	storage			panasonic dvd recorder gets connected device offers remote programming, features a whopping 400gb of storage.
4			lab	growth	technology	development	oregon	source			voyager capital becomes the first venture firm to join the open ... voyager capital, a leading pacific northwest information technology venture firm, has announced it is the first venture firm to join the open source development labs osdl , an oregon based organization dedicated to accelerating the growth and adoption of
4			code			u.s. navy makes skirts optional for women the u.s. navy is getting a 21st century makeover, with a new dress code that makes skirts optional for its more than 54,000 female sailors for the first time since women officially entered the service in 1908...
1			opposition			belarus opposition streams to kiev today ukraine, tomorrow belarus! read a banner strung up this week in a tent camp for opposition protesters.
4			software	cell	symantec			symantec eyes mobile phone market company is readying security software or cell phones and handheld devices.
4			high	speed	application			wi fi successor called high speed hype, for now intel touts wimax, but analysts say it likely won't go beyond niche applications.
4			design			where the healing touch starts with the hospital design a sprinkling of architects and designers around the world are working to greatly change hospitals by humanizing their design.
4			tool	graphic			kimono makers employ computer graphics for centuries, japan's kimono makers have relied on stencils, paintbrushes and hours of labor to turn out their elaborate and graceful creations. kimono designer yuko iwakuma uses some more up to date tools: a computer and an ink jet printer.
2			hit	game	title			disney launches a trio of titles disney interactive has shipped three new game boy advance titles based on hit disney channel shows. info from the press release because we re too lazy to rewrite this stuff today .
4			stock	technology			bay street gets a boost from gold and technology sectors toronto stocks closed higher yesterday, notching their first winning week in three as technology and gold issues teamed up to boost the market.
3			fund	shareholder			funds seek to nominate disney directors four of the biggest u.s. public pension funds said tuesday they would press for the right to have shareholders nominate directors to walt disney co.'s board of directors.
2			stadium	game	shot			shot put bizarre turn of fortune a shot put competition unique in olympic history ancient or modern turned into one of the strangest competitions in the games history wednesday evening as the sun was setting on the ancient stadium.
4			earnings	system	airway	technology	bankruptcy			eds:us airways bankruptcy to cut earnings electronic data systems corp. on thursday said the bankruptcy of us airways group inc. could sharply reduce its third quarter earnings because of a long term information technology contract between the companies.
4			longhorn	generation	microsoft	system	software	file	feature	ship			longhorn comes up short at long last, microsoft has put a date on when it will release the next generation of its windows operating system. but the 2006 delivery of longhorn will ship without the highly touted windows file system feature, raising all sorts of questions about the future of the world's biggest software company.
4			enterprise	software	developer	server	application			rim intros souped up blackberry for mobile enterprise research in motion is launching a new wireless blackberry in conjunction with its blackberry enterprise server software in an appeal to enterprise customers and developers of mobile workforce applications.
2			coach	cup	england	team			100pc committed sir clive woodward today revealed he quit as england rugby union coach because he was not able to take his world cup winning team forward the way he wanted.
4			switch			hitachi, nec router venture alaxala goes live the joint network router and switch company created by hitachi, ltd. and nec corporation, dubbed alaxala networks corporation, started operating monday october 4th with hitachi offering a gigabit router initially.
1			fighting			sun's fighting chance forrester ceo george colony argues that if sun goes down, it's going to go down taking very big swings.
4			reader	technology			get to know more than one browser in the past, i have taken great pride in informing you, my readers, about new and cutting edge technology. sometimes it is also necessary to re examine existing or older technologies.
4			speed			twisted physics: how black holes spout off black holes are complex beasts. among their mysterious traits are intense jets of matter that sometimes shoot out from the rotational poles at nearly light speed.
2			high	game	football	season			storm may have been a tornado a wednesday evening storm ripped part of the roof off of an eaton county high school and dropped it on the football field where the season 's first home game is to be played friday.
1			president			heart health lessons from clintons case former president bill clintons quadruple bypass surgery two weeks ago sent many middle aged men rushing to have their hearts checked.
2			stadium	fan			nationals open shop a 1,000 square foot gray trailer in the parking lot of rfk stadium serves as the first retail outlet fans can get nationals gear.
4			user			vodafone plans joint australia 3g rollout vodafone, which has some 330,000 customers in queensland or about 10 of the state 's mobile market, hopes the promotion will add 150,000 new customers or nearly 1 of australia 's 16 million mobile telephone users.
4			system			experts say control systems vulnerable businesses and government agencies must re examine the growing threat of cyberterrorism to automated computer systems running power grids, dams and other industrial facilities, security experts said tuesday.
4			player	technology			smart web changes world the gartner sponsored itxpo symposium in france sets itself to identify long term technology trends that are altering sectors like travel, marketing and investing. more web enabled mobile devices and a smarter internet are key players.
4			software			breaking news federal judge rejects us bid to block oracle ... cnet is reporting that us district judge vaughn walker in san francisco has denied a request by the antitrust division of the federal department of justice to issue an injunction against oracle 's hostile acquisition of business software maker peoplesoft
4			system	high	speed			high court to hear isp, cable dispute the supreme court said friday it would consider whether internet providers should be allowed to sell their high speed service over the cable television system.
4			space	technology	server			vmware takes virtual machines mobile vmware inc., known for its virtual machine technology for servers and workstations, is turning its attention to the client space. the palo alto, calif.
4			desktop	feature			msn desktop search is quite capable it now feels amazing how we have lived without this particular feature since ages now. google introduced desktop searching to the world in spite of the fact lesser known products existed since a long time.
1			election			lost votes in n.m. a cautionary tale four years ago, about 2,300 voters cast their ballots before election day on state of the art, push button electronic voting machines. for 678 of them, their votes were never recorded.
2			download	supply	country	game	sport			china bans video game for breach of sovereignty china, sensitive about issues of national sovereignty, has banned a computer sports game that classifies taiwan, hong kong, macau and tibet as countries and has threatened to fine web sites that supply the game and net cafes that let patrons download it.
3			sale			google launches froogle in time for christmas shopping google is targeting the uk online shopping market, said to be worth 17bn annually, with the launch of dedicated shopping service, froogle, in the uk, in time for the christmas sales period.
4			system	microsoft			ms, intel shepherd new web services spec a host of companies led by microsoft and intel has revised and released a specification for making sure computer systems have a common way to communicate.
4			system			cisco slips in key router market third quarter figures showing cisco systems continues to lose ground may be due to rough product transition.
4			gate	microsoft	technology			gates opens up microsoft 's bill gates barnstormed the bay area on friday, making three public appearances to discuss the future of technology and his own philanthropic efforts.
4			player	standard	technology	storage			hitachi joins intel in hard drive standard hitachi global storage technologies inc. and intel corp. have joined in supporting an interface technology proposed for compact hard disk drives used in portable music players, handheld computers and mobile phones.
4			technique			german man regrows jawbone in his back in surgical breakthrough a german man has been able to eat his first solid meal in nine years, thanks to a pioneering surgical technique in which the patient incubated a replacement jawbone in a muscle on his back.
4			united	technology	protection			united technologies to buy uk 's kidde for $ 2.8 bln united technologies corp., which offers security services through its chubb unit, agreed to buy uk fire protection company kidde plc for $ 2.8 billion in cash to expand its range of building services products.
1			election			fec might moveon to the internet with political activity skyrocketing on the web, election officials may be forced to regulate. also: yahoo stays strong and growing hellip;. 7 eleven joins 21st century hellip;. and more.
4			hardware			intel sketches out nanotechnology road map com october 25, 2004, 6:21 am pt. zdnet 's survey of it professionals in october kept upgrading hardware at number two on the businesses radar throughout the year.
2			league	united	championship	soccer	team	club	play	coach			rongen named coach of mls expansion team thomas rongen, who guided d.c. united to the 1999 major league soccer championship, was hired thursday as coach of club deportivo chivas usa, an expansion team set to begin play in april.
1			president			chen defends arms package taiwan president chen shui bian said yesterday a controversial arms deal was part of the government 's attempts to deter any attempt by rival china to invade the island.
2			general	secretary	medal	sport			no decision after gymnastics hearing the hearing over the men 's gymnastics gold medal from the athens olympics adjourned today without a decision. the general secretary of the court of arbitration for sport said he hopes there will be a decision within two weeks.
4			slam	technology			domainkeys will it slam spam? internet provider earthlink and yahoo! have teamed up to fight spam by incorporating domainkeys, a technology developed by yahoo! that filters fake addresses used by spammers.
4			cell			array of innovations at mobile tech show as co stars of an elite, wireless oriented tech show they were improbable indeed: a weed whacker, a blender and a boombox. their decibel assault at this year's 6th annual demomobile show was the perfect foil for its most celebrated product, a noise canceling cell phone headset called jawbone.
3			chain	price			update 2 blockbuster cuts online price, challenges netflix video chain blockbuster inc bbi.n: quote, profile, research on friday said it would lower the price of its online dvd rentals to undercut a similar move by netflix inc.
3			sale			realnetworks promotion sells 1 million songs realnetworks could lose $ 2 million from below cost sales but will give its service a huge boost, says forrester research analyst rebecca jennings.
3			sale	earnings			medtronic net up on higher icd sales medtronic inc. mdt.n: quote, profile, research on wednesday said its quarterly earnings rose on surprisingly brisk demand for devices that slow racing heartbeats, offsetting a weaker than expected performance in some ...
4			software	microsoft	card			microsoft sends digital business cards new interconnect 2004 software automatically updates contact info.
4			suite	enterprise			executive suite quieting skeptics, richard parsons, ceo of time warner, has taken a company that was in complete disarray and turned it into a functional enterprise.
2			coach			sprinters' coach confident kostas kenteris and katerina thanou's coach believes they will be cleared by the ioc.
3			profit			smithfield doesn 't go whole hog when was the last time you heard about a company more than doubling its profit from the previous year, but an error in judgment restrained that profit?
3			profit	sale	share			palmone posts profit, exceeds estimates handheld maker's revenue buoyed by strong sales of phones, other devices; after hours shares fluctuate wildly.
2			victory	team			batteast too much for gritty valparaiso notre dames all american senior forward scored her teams first five baskets, and the no. 3 irish never trailed after that on their way to a 69 59 victory over
3			ipo	share	sale	investment	source			lazard meeting ends without ipo decision lazard's board on tuesday failed to decide on a share sale that would end over 150 years of private ownership at the independent investment bank but most partners seemed to back the plan, sources close to the matter said.
4			user			ask jeeves personalises web searches ask jeeves, the third biggest us web search provider, has unveiled myjeeves, a new product that helps users personalise their internet searches.
1			president			eisner, on stand, describes the courting of ovitz michael d. eisner, the chief executive of the walt disney company, played down his decades long relationship with the former disney president michael s. ovitz
1			politics	country	election	party	president			newsmaker namibia 's nujoma to stand down but stay in saddle namibia 's founding president sam nujoma is to stand down in march after this week 's elections, but will remain a lynchpin of his country 's politics as president of the ruling swapo party.
3			chain	holding			hyatt to buy amerisuites, consolidate holdings hyatt corp. said it will buy the 143 unit amerisuites hotel chain from the blackstone group for an undisclosed sum and will consolidate all of the pritzker family 's hospitality holdings into one company called global hyatt.
3			profit	share			consumer bellwethers issue profit warnings two of the world 's biggest consumer products giants issued profit warnings today, sending shares in both companies downward.
4			patent	technology			data center firms settle cookie suit f5 networks and radware have come to terms in a patent dispute over cookie persistence technology.
4			fund	ibm	linux	technology	use			ibm opens linux center in brazil ibm corp. will spend more than $ 1 million to help fund a linux technology center in brazil. the center, created in conjunction with the brazilian government, aims to train 700 public service professionals on the use of linux by year's end.
2			league	debate	williams	finance	baseball	stadium	sport			expos move to dc on verge of collapse with a no banner in the foreground, washington mayor anthony williams, right, dc sports commission chairman mark tuohey, left, and others, look as a the dc city council debates stadium finance legislation for the return of major league baseball
4			system	holding	technology			bae systems unit to buy digitalnet bae systems north america announced a deal saturday to acquire herndon based digitalnet holdings inc. for $ 595 million in cash, pushing it further into the growing government information technology market.
3			exchange	chain	share			viacom says blockbuster exchange a success media conglomerate viacom inc. on wednesday said an offer to trade its shares for those of blockbuster inc. was a success, moving it closer to splitting off the video rental chain.
2			goal	champion	medal	korea	sport			south korea has a sole golden goal whatever decision the court of arbitration for sport makes in the paul hamm case, it won't involve a duplicate gold medal for rival yang tae young. the south koreans, who claim yang would have won the olympic gymnastics all around had it not been for a scoring error, want their man declared the sole champion.
1			politician	iraqi	president			chalabi escapes assassination attempt gunmen opened fire on former iraqi governing council president ahmed chalabi 's convoy on wednesday, wounding two of his bodyguards, the politician and his aides said.
4			user	software	virus	cell			mobile handset makers raising virus defenses software security companies and handset makers, including finland's nokia, are gearing up to launch products intended to secure cell phones from variants of the internet viruses that have become a scourge for personal computer users.
4			system			ftaa will lead to eu like system promoting free trade does not have to be complex; it is best achieved by limiting government intervention through tariffs and subsidies.
3			sale			apple earns less than a nickel per itunes track record labels are demanding such a large cut from online music sales that several of existing online music stores will eventually be forced to go under, the independent cautions today.
2			auto	game			grand theft auto: san andreas radio whether you re a hardcore gamer or not, you ve gotta give it up to the cats at rockstar for their attention to sonic detail in their grand theft auto games.
4			system	holding			china's online shopping stuck in web of problems creaky banking and postal systems are conspiring against chinese shoppers snapping up books and cosmetics over the internet, holding back a market that has lured the likes of ebay and amazon.
2			basketball	postseason	team	play			northwestern barred the northwestern boys' basketball team has been barred from postseason play after an infractions committee found they violated state rules for the third consecutive year.
4			system			the solar system's deflector shield is up a breeze of interstellar helium atoms is blowing through the solar system. thankfully, we have our shields up! the solar system's deflector shield is a giant magnetic bubble called the heliosphere. it's part of the sun's magnetic field.
4			file	technology			yahoo buys start up to boost mobile yahoo on tuesday confirmed it acquired a start up last month called wuf networks that produces technology to let people transfer digital files onto mobile devices.
2			title			no quit in holyfield why is he still doing this? why would a man who has millions in the bank, who has won the undisputed world heavyweight title four times, climb back into the ring at the age of 42?
2			player	game	season			video watchdogs say almost all new games are m rated this season 's blockbuster video games give players the opportunity to hijack cars, mow down the walking undead with heavy artillery and ogle topless women.
4			feature			powerpoint message is the medium a competition tries to elevate the dreaded powerpoint presentation to an artful endeavor, but many participants poke fun at the program instead of exploiting its features. by daniel terdiman.
2			team	championship			peugeot and citroen to quit wrc although the ford motor company has committed itself to the fia world rally championship for the next four years, the citroen and peugeot teams have decided that they are not going to continue, at least as long as the wrc remains as expensive as is
1			leader	opposition			ukraine opposition leader urges investigation after poison report ukraine's opposition leader viktor yushchenko said he was not yet ready to blame the ruling elite with trying to poison him after doctors confirmed he was disfigured by ingesting a massive dose of a deadly toxin.
4			card	hardware	generation	nvidia	technology	graphic			nvidia partners with sony nvidia, graphics card manufacturer, has reported that it 's partnering up with sony on the graphics hardware for playstation 3. the companies have been developing a custom graphics processing unit gpu incorporating next generation geforce technology
4			idg	technology			techtarget hires 2 idg executives the rivalry between techtarget inc., an upstart needham technology publisher, and the giant international data group intensified as techtarget hired away two key idg executives. maryfran johnson, longtime editor of the idg publication computerworld, and joseph levy, who headed the company's cxo media group, are joining techtarget to launch publications. ''right now we're not revealing what we're working on, said ...
4			design	feature			telecom italia ceo sees innovation in design and features of wireless devices one of europe's biggest fixed network operators is following the lead of its wireless counterparts in demanding a greater say in the design and service features of cordless phones and other wireless devices used in the home.
1			leader	politics	ibrahim	party	anwar			malaysian ruling party rejects anwar the leaders of malaysia's ruling party unanimously refused tuesday to allow one time rising star anwar ibrahim to rejoin the organization, a day before a crucial court ruling that could clear his return to politics.
2			movie	team			disney joins blu ray team the entertainment company plans to release movies through sony's hd dvd format. also: france sells off stakes in air france hellip;. gm in europe announces future cuts hellip;. and more.
1			leader	election	alexander			belarusians ok scrapping term limits belarusian voters approved a referendum to scrap presidential term limits, the central elections commission chief said monday, citing partial results. ending the limits would allow authoritarian leader alexander lukashenko to seek a new term in 2006.
4			system	run	software			estonia to run tests on 'e voting' system some estonians will be able to vote online next year, as tallinn plans trials with electronic voting software that is the first step toward a nationwide e voting system, officials said friday.
4			software	stock			stocks to watch wednesday piper jaffray downgraded the software maker's stock to market perform from outperform.
2			franchise	baseball			nationals unveil logos, colors the montreal expos would be renamed the washington nationals if the proposed move of the franchise is approved by baseball owners.
4			united	shareholder	technology	enterprise			symbol technologies announces court approval of shareholder ... holtsville, ny business wire oct. 21, 2004 symbol technologies, inc. nyse:sbl , the enterprise mobility company tm , today announced the united states district court for the eastern district of new
4			microsoft	software			microsoft sues alleged software pirates resellers are accused of selling products with fake certificate of authenticity labels.
2			title	football	team	talk	coach			boise st. seeks third straight wac title the accolades flow when louisiana tech coach jack bicknell talks about the boise state football team.
4			platform	microsoft	tool	software	management			microsoft releases management tools, expands on dsi model microsoft tuesday released a handful of software products that are key elements in its drive to develop a comprehensive management platform for windows.
4			enterprise	upgrade	technology	evolution	switch			symbol upgrades its wireless lan switch symbol technologies will take an important step in the evolution of the enterprise wireless lan on monday with the introduction of its ws 2000 wireless switch.
4			investment	ibm	technology	rise			ibm chief sees global tech spending rise companies will spend more money next year on information technology and other capital investments compared with 2004, the chief executive of the world's biggest computer company, ibm corp, said on friday.
4			system	run	software			think virtual when migrating seri kembangan: most company networks run a mix of old and new systems, and so called virtual machine software can help when migrating from one to the other.
3			investor			google confounds european investors web surfers from beijing to berkeley have made google their search engine of choice, but some of europe's institutional investors have gone sour on the dot com on the eve of its initial public offering.
2			win	season	coach	game	bowl			orange bowl hopes not finished yet it might be a stay of execution for coach p, or it might just be a christmas miracle come early. su 's upset win over bc has given hope to the orange playing in a post season bowl game.
4			attack	system	technology	server	flaw			iss: critical netscape flaw could be widespread security company internet security systems is warning of a critical security hole in a commonly used technology from the mozilla foundation called the netscape network security services library that could leave web servers vulnerable to remote attack.
4			use	tool			realtors increasingly use internet to market their business realtors continue to be more technologically savvy than their counterparts in years past, and have integrated numerous technological tools into their day to day businesses as well as
2			championship	sport			castillo split decisions casamayor las vegas, nv sports network jose luis castillo successfully defended his world boxing council lightweight championship with a split decision over joel casamayor at mandalay bay casino in las vegas.
3			buying	software	president	enterprise			oracle is in a buying mood, its president says as oracle corp. pushes forward with its hostile bid to acquire rival enterprise software maker peoplesoft inc. for $ 7.7 billion, it is also sizing up further acquisition
4			kazaa	technology	access			access to kazaa not blockable? that 's what philip morle told an australian court, and he ought to know he 's sharman networks chief technology officer.
2			game			ancient greek burial ground uncovered archaeologists have discovered ancient graves during excavations near ancient olympia, the hallowed site where the olympic games were born in 776 bc, the culture ministry said on thursday.
2			club			rogers learns lesson nsw rugby ceo fraser neill believes waratah star mat rogers has learned his lesson after he was fined and ordered to do community service following his controversial comments about the club rugby competition.
4			design	ibm	technology	development			ibm, honeywell sign 10 year, $ 250m deal ibm and honeywell international are teaming up in a 10 year engineering and technology services deal that covers the design and development of electronics for aircraft, munitions and vehicles.
2			medal	game	win			nesterenko of belarus wins women 's 100m olympic gold belarus yuliya nesterenko became the fastest woman in the world, winning the 100m gold medal at the olympic games here saturday evening.
4			switch			some cardholders fight mnba's switch cardholders have been surprised to find that the mbna corporation has switched their accounts from visa or mastercard to american express, mbna's new partner.
4			lab	platform	talk	linux	patch	development	source	version			linux keeper, spikesource ceo talk up open source accommodating large patch sets in linux is expected to mean forking off of the 2.7 version of the platform to accommodate these changes, according to andrew morton, lead maintainer of the linux kernel for open source development labs osdl .
3			sale			sony's location free tv makes local shows portable the electronics maker begins sales of wireless television set as it emphasizes advances in the boob tube.
2			season	player	sport	nhl			report: owners reject players offer, will make counterproposal ... the prospects of an nhl season look to be growing bleaker with each passing day. the sports network of canada reported on its web site monday that the nhl will reject the latest proposal
4			technology			four infineon execs plead guilty in dram probe samsung, micron technology and hynix semiconductor have acknowledged that they have received subpoenas related to the investigation.
4			tool	microsoft	application	developer			microsoft previews whitehorse developer tools the tools, part of an upcoming visual studio update, is focused on making it easier to create customized web applications.
1			side	election	president			ukrainian rivals to hold meeting opposing sides in the disputed presidential elections are due to meet, outgoing president leonid kuchma says.
4			platform	linux			montavista claims real time support for linux mobile 'linux set to assume the role of a universal platform'
2			nation	game	top			sampanis confirmed positive the ioc executive board met early on sunday to rule on the case, which shocked the host nation days after its top sprint pair withdrew after missing an eve of games dope test.
2			franchise	player	wizard			no laughing matter for a franchise that drafted 7 foot 7 gheorghe muresan and 7 6 manute bol, 7 3 center peter john ramos isn't close to being the tallest player the wizards have ever chosen.
4			bea	system	software	server	version			bea readies diablo server bea systems said it will release a test version of its latest weblogic server software later this month and detailed product delivery plans for next year.
4			system	server	high	application	project	price	storage			rackable systems adds new nas to line rackable systems has added to its line of nas solutions with its new s3116 nas server appliance. the new nas server is designed for datacenters looking for a high performance sata system at an affordable price, according to geoffrey noer, senior director of storage products at rackable systems. companies using expensive fibre channel based storage can migrate older projects to a lower cost rackable systems nas, noer said. other uses include disk based backup, small and medium business workgroups, and applications such as seismic processing and video rendering, he said.
4			user	software			kinko 's software connects windows apps to print centers fedex kinko 's tuesday rolled out free software that connects windows users to the firm 's print centers for ordering printing, binding, and shipping services.
4			space	use	earth	technology			building space houses on earth an esa designed house that uses technology designed for space could become the basis of the new german antarctic station, neumayer iii. the new station has to meet stringent laws set up to protect the antarctic environment, which is where the use of space technology comes in.
2			season			no. 13 bears face difficult early tests what's being billed as one of the most promising seasons for california in years could crash quickly if the bears can't navigate a difficult early road.
4			technology			genelabs drug fails late stage trial genelabs technologies inc. said on tuesday that a late stage trial of its drug to limit bone loss in women with lupus disease failed to work.
4			enterprise	application	suite	version			oracle brings scaled down enterprise suite to america shoring up its fourth quarter applications revenuesand its small and midmarket business strategyoracle corp. announced monday the north american version of its e business suite special edition.
4			system	sale			agere to cut another 500 jobs communications chipmaker agere systems inc. on wednesday said it will close a florida plant that employs 600 people if it cannot find a buyer by december 2005 and cut an additional 500 jobs amid slowing sales.
2			buying	team	sport			honda set to buy bar? honda look set to become further involved with bar, with them either buying the team outright, or becoming a co owner. according to reports on bbc sport online a deal is all but agreed.
4			system			loews to buy entergy koch pipeline conglomerate loews corp. on monday said it agreed to buy an 8,000 mile natural gas pipeline system, from entergy koch lp for $ 1.14 billion, in a bid to cash in on the rising u.s. demand for natural gas.
2			play	league	stadium			no lie, the moment of truth grows near we're down to what seems like weekly visits from major league baseball's relocation committee, dueling polls in washington and sniping news conferences between competing d.c. and virginia agencies. all for the privilege of obtaining the montreal expos, 55 73 through friday, and to give them a place to play next year, a new stadium in the near future and a community to love them.
2			play			bonds not as dumb as he appears in the long, winding tale of barry bonds and steroids, we have reached the part where bonds plays dumb. according to the san francisco chronicle, he effectively told a grand jury a year ago that he used steroids
2			athletics	game			greek sprinters face wait to learn fate greek sprint duo kostas kenteris and katerina thanou will have to wait until after the olympic games to find out their fate following their missed drugs tests, according to athletics chief arne ljungqvist.
2			game			hornets' davis out with inflamed disc hornets guard baron davis will miss at least five games after being put on the injured list wednesday because of an inflamed disc in his lower back.
1			crisis	president	finance			phillipines in fiscal crisis, may face economic collapse president gloria macapagal arroyo said monday that she is studying the feasibility of declaring a state of economic crisis to ease pressure on public finances.
3			holding	profit	sale	gain			edison international 3q profit soars edison international, a power generating and electric utility holding company, on friday said its third quarter profit soared on gains from asset sales.
4			broadband	developer			wavesat says its created first wimax chip wavesat inc., a developer of broadband wireless chips, said today it has delivered the first ever wimax chip, the dm256. the company is planning to make the chips generally available early next month.
4			user	talk	software	use	cell	application			cingular handset talks to users cingular wireless is offering a software application intended to help the visually impaired make full use of their cell phones. the talks application, which works only with the nokia 6620 phone, converts menus
2			nba	jersey	shot	comeback	career	sport			zo seeks another comeback with nets east rutherford, new jersey sports network retired nba center and seven time all star alonzo mourning is going to give his playing career one more shot.
3			growth			china's economic boom slows down china's economic growth slows for a third straight quarter as efforts by the government to rein in booming expansion continue to take hold.
2			team			czechs hungry for canada the czech team landed in toronto via greenland yesterday and had a midnight practice according to the body clocks, but there was a discernible spring in their step and swagger to their skating stride.
3			good			a hot prospect for hidden gems though i ve spent a good portion of my life living in the southeast, i didn 't stumble upon hibbett sporting goods nasdaq: hibb in real life.
4			system	linux			sharp adds hard disk to its linux pda sharp corp. has added a hard disk drive to its latest zaurus pda personal digital assistant , and is considering selling the linux operating system based device abroad, the company said friday.
2			auto	general	sport			auto industry report: hummer probe likely general motors corp. faces an investigation and potential recall of 69,000 hummer h2 luxury sport utility vehicles because of reports about a flawed steering part.
2			captain	match			match fixers targeted nz captain new zealand captain stephen fleming was offered 200,000 to join a match fixing syndicate in 1999.
2			game	season			boise state nevada game on espn kickoff for the regular season finale between no. 10 boise state and nevada has been moved back to 4:45 p.m. pst saturday to accommodate a national television audience.
4			standard			gov't panel: no cybersecurity mandates needed now is not the time for the u.s. government to mandate cybersecurity standards to private industry, despite significant threats and a lack of understanding by many company executives, a panel of government officials said tuesday.
2			team	kick	season			kirilenko signs six year extension with jazz utah jazz forward andrei kirilenko signed a six year, $ 86 million contract extension with the team friday. the deal, which culminated three months of negotiations, will kick in next season.
4			technology			nasd bars ex banker quattrone for life the nasd on monday permanently barred convicted former star technology banker frank quattrone from the securities industry for refusing to testify about his possible role in destroying documents and obstructing justice.
2			classic	season	coach	game	gain			alabama a coach is in game of his life in another time and place, a spot in the coaches vs. cancer classic would have been about an opportunity for alabama a of the southwestern athletic conference to gain exposure and build upon last season 's 13 17 record.
1			election	high	president			the next president could tip high court this election's potential impact on the supreme court has seemed to be an afterthought, but the stakes for the court and the law are even higher now than they were in 2000. the prospect of a change on the court is greater and the replacement of one justice could affect the law on hot issues.
4			system	technology			cisco, symbol keep wireless data safe eweek: security partnerships and technology advances are making it increasingly safer to keep corporate data up in the air. to better fight the threat of wireless network subterfuge, cisco systems inc.
2			team			after musical chairs, jets' conductor is back order was restored to the jets' quarterbacking universe on wednesday when chad pennington returned to practice with the first team.
2			play	winner	jersey	team			mourning wants buyout from nets so he can play for a winner uncertain of how long he ll be able to play after having a kidney transplant, alonzo mourning has asked the new jersey nets about a contract buyout so he could go to a team with a better chance of winning.
2			race			new running world marine corps marathon organizers have launched an unprecedented security effort in preparation for sunday's 26.2 mile race.
2			piston	team	game	detroit			detroit pistons team report december 11 the detroit pistons try to get back on the winning track this evening when they start a brief two game road trip against the memphis grizzlies at fedexforum.
1			president	opposition			s. africa churches urge referendum on gay marriage south africa's leading churches urged president thabo mbeki on saturday to call a referendum on gay marriages, saying a recent court ruling in favor of the unions ignored overwhelming public opposition.
2			team	club	baseball	season	second	player	game			japan 's baseball clubs avert second strike japan 's weekend baseball games will go ahead after club owners averted a second players strike by promising to add a new team next season.
2			championship	win	season	opener	game			afc powers meet in nfl's season opener forget last season's win over indianapolis in the afc championship game...
4			dead	technology			wi fi, wimax dead and gone, fibre pundits say it s been a heck of an interesting two days here in iceland. i ve seen some interesting technology, heard some inventive speeches and met some people with different ideas.
3			investment			giuliani 's firm buys investing banking unit of ernst young rudolph w. giuliani 's consulting firm has branched out to wall street with plans to acquire an investment banking firm, even as he allows rumors about his political ambitions to float.
2			stadium	game	patriot			business as usual: streaking pats prepare for jets under normal circumstances, the hype surrounding the patriots stats, news jets game sunday at gillette stadium would come with its own set of pressures, what with their identical
3			sale			intel rally may be premature intel certainly surprised many semiconductor industry watchers today with its improving sales forecasts for the current quarter, but not everyone is convinced that all is as rosy as it seems at the world 's biggest chipmaker.
2			season	final	race	series			first blood to junqueira in mexico. picking up where he left off in australia, bruno junqueira turned in a strong performance when he needed it most needed to set the provisional pole time for the final race of the champ car world series season securing a front row start for the race
4			use	user	technology			motorola to test mastercard paypass technology motorola inc. will be conducting a field trial of mobile phones enabled with mastercard paypass, a new contactless payment option that will allow users to use their phones to make payments.
1			president			even humbled by error, dan rather has his thorns dan rather offered an apology for a report on president bush's service, but not a personal accounting.
4			linux	software			korean software maker joins asian linux group south korea's haansoft is joining the effort to put linux on computers in asia.
4			user	enterprise	sale	mail	technology	application			peoplesoft, rim partner to deliver sales application research in motion rim , the company that first pushed e mail over wireless, is teaming up with peoplesoft to offer corporate users peoplesoft enterprise sales for blackberry, a sales application with similar push technology.
2			player			wake forest 's chances could rest on player with cat burglar ... one mention of the term crunch time is enough to twist some players stomachs into knots. that 's when it 's fun to me, he said.
1			politics			new cambodian king asks for guidance cambodia 's new king, norodom sihamoni, said in his first message to his kingdom friday that he would stay out of politics, and asked for guidance and understanding while he learns his new role.
1			president			strain is seen in giuliani ties with president the collapse of bernard kerik's nomination has strained a relationship that has long been more complicated than mere friendship.
1			leader	tom	race	election			south dakota sen. race deemed most costly the south dakota race that will determine whether senate democratic leader tom daschle stays on capitol hill is the costliest congressional election so far this year.
1			talk			what 's with the hype about halo 2 ? trying to get three teenage boys to talk to you while they are playing halo 2 is like trying to find a needle in a haystack a wee bit difficult.
4			standard	version			hd dvd standard earns approval rewriteable version of the next gen dvd format moves closer to mass production.
4			user	engineer	technology			now everyone can spy toronto: new internet based technology could soon turn regular computer users into armchair spies, a canadian inventor says. vincent tao, an engineer at toronto 's york university said he has invented a mapping
4			user			watchdog takes on rogue diallers eleven firms are barred as part of action against scams which left dial up net users with big bills.
3			vendor	price			eight ebay sellers admit phony bids ebay vendors were ordered to pay nearly $ 90,000 in restitution and fines after admitting they bid up products online to inflate the prices.
1			side	debate			strong charges are exchanged before debate the intensity of advertisements broadcast this weekend signaled the importance that both sides attach to the debates.
3			fund	share			calpers says tendered its peoplesoft shares calpers, the biggest us pension fund, on thursday said it had tendered its 1.5 million shares of peoplesoft inc. psft.o: quote, profile, research to oracle corp.
3			system	profit	sale			imclone posts profit on erbitux sales imclone systems inc. on thursday posted its third successive quarterly profit helped by strong sales of its new colon cancer drug erbitux.
4			system			ftc assesses bounty system for catching spammers the ftc today issued a report assessing whether and how a system that rewards members of the public for tracking down spammers would or could help improve enforcement of the controlling the assault of non solicited pornography and marketing act of 2002
4			microsoft	suite	sharing	software	code	source			microsoft releases office source code to governments redmond software company microsoft corp. said it will add the source code of its office 2003 flagship software suite to its program for sharing the details of its products with government entities.
4			project			sirius satellite radio: broadway: the american musical director ... special guest oct. 11 24 on radio playbill is michael kantor, who has spent much of the last decade on an epic project, the six part tv miniseries, broadway: the american musical, debuting oct. 19 21 on pbs.
1			president			brazil slashes mozambique's debt brazilian president lula da silva says his government will cancel 95 or $ 332m of the debt owed to it by mozambique.
2			season			livewire: internet offers relief of holiday blues when the going gets tough at the stores this holiday season, the tough go shopping online. when life gets really tough, there's online therapy.
4			system	ibm			honda enhances speech recognition system with ibm honda motor co. hmc , with help from partner ibm corp., is preparing to introduce an improved speech recognition system that will allow drivers to get voice navigation guidance without having to manually punch in any information or take their eyes off the road to read a computer screen...
4			technology			future watch: supercomputing technology to keep tabs on much of the technology being showcased at this week's sc2004 supercomputing conference could eventually make its way into corporate it data centers, say supercomputing backers.
2			player	game	president			video game re creates slaying of kennedy a new video game to be released monday allows players to simulate the assassination of president kennedy. the release of jfk reloaded is timed to coincide with the 41st anniversary
4			jump	software	system	code			gm cto sees more code on future cars cars had approximately 1 million lines of software code in 1990, but that number will jump to 100 million by 2010, according to anthony scott, cto of gm's information systems and services organization.
4			hacker	software	technology			hacker cracks apple's streaming technology the norwegian hacker famed for developing dvd encryption cracking software has apparently struck again this time breaking the locks on apple computer inc.'s wireless music streaming technology.
1			crisis			ukraine rivals bid to end crisis presidential rivals viktor yushchenko and viktor yanukovych meet in a fresh bid to resolve the poll crisis.
4			system	tool	software	feature	reader	adobe			yahoo links seach tool to adobe stepping up the heated battle of online search and services, yahoo inc and adobe systems inc have joined forces to tap each others customers and put web search features into adobe 's popular acrobat reader software.
4			desktop	sale	hardware			dell and philips ink $ 700 million deal dell has won a $ 700 million hardware and services contract with philips electronics. the deal will include the sale of dell optiplex desktop computers, precision workstations and latitude
4			talk	technology			nextel, sprint discuss merger you didnt read it here first, but its worth noting: nextel has unique technology that lets them serve businesses who need push to talk quite well, but itsa mess of spectrum and
4			microsoft	engineer	software	technology	mail	win	standard			microsoft revises anti spam standard microsoft corp. on monday said it had revised its proposal to weed out spam e mail to win over skeptical internet engineers who have been reluctant to adopt technology owned by the dominant software company.
4			space	system	nasa	project			nasa explores space system companies a partnership between the boeing company and northrop grumman corporation has been created to compete for nasa 's crew exploration vehicle for project constellation, a planned
2			cricket	sport	master			i m fully prepared for the nagpur test: tendulkar: sports india, cricket: nagpur, oct 24 : master blaster sachin tendulkar has said that he had prepared himself well for the nagpur test by undergoing intense practice sessions over the last three four days.
2			final	team			ructions in australian rowing eight members of the australian women 's rowing eight face disciplinary action after publicly criticising team mate sally robbins for her failure to complete the olympic final.
4			content	tool	emc	software	integration	language	source			emc rolls out new content integration software emc corp. aims to make it easier for businesses to search unstructured information from multiple sources in multiple languages with a new software tool it released monday.
1			war			amnesty: rapes in war zones not punished women and girls in war zones suffer rape and violent abuse while offenders escape punishment, amnesty international said a report released wednesday.
3			earnings			jack daniel's to the rescue jack daniel's puts on a strong performance as brown forman's earnings grow strongly.
3			chain			children's place to buy disney stores children's place retail stores inc. on wednesday said it will buy walt disney co.'s chain of north american retail stores and pledged to invest $ 100 million in them.
4			alternative			browsers: choice is yours the browser market lives, and it executives should be open minded about using firefox and other alternatives. the browser market lives.
1			leader			namibia votes to elect new leader voting starts in namibia's presidential poll, which will elect a successor to veteran leader sam nujoma.
1			crime	election			bihar, jharkhand and haryana to hold elections in february three indian states, including impoverished and crime ridden bihar and jharkhand in the east, will vote in february to elect new legislatures, the election commission said on friday.
2			final	playoff	cub	hit	win	player	game	sport			giants get push with win durham has five hits; sf even with cubs the sports cliche about taking them one game at a time does not apply in a final week drive for the playoffs. that, the players say, is looking too far ahead.
3			enterprise			cox directors look at proposed buyout cox communications inc. is a step closer to going private, with the cable giant 's board of directors forming a special committee of independent directors to consider the cox enterprises inc. proposal to take the company private in a $ 7.9 billion buyout.
2			use	game			3g launch becomes battle of the brands vodafone yesterday began its campaign for dominance of europe 's christmas market for mobile phones with nine new handsets it will use to provide 3g services offering everything from video calls to downloadable games and television clips.
4			space	project			beagle mars mission spoiled by amateurism the failure of the beagle 2 space mission to mars has been blamed on the lack of government funding and an amateurish gentleman 's agreement that allowed a key backer to pull out of the project.
1			leadership	coach			stanford dismisses coach it was an extremely difficult decision, athletic director ted leland said, but i simply felt that the program was in need of new direction and leadership.
1			parliament	president	country	election			namibians cast votes in presidential election namibians lined up in front of polling stations in capital windhoek on monday, casting their votes to choose a new president and parliament for the country, with the ruling
2			franchise	game	title	series			latest leisure suit larry lacking too bad the newest installment in the leisure suit larry series isn 't much of a video game. the challenging puzzles and clever character interaction that boosted earlier titles in the franchise
4			mount	technology			new technology helping volcanologists predict eruptions geologist david johnston wouldn't have died on mount st...
2			coach			spurrier withdraws from coach search all the hype and speculation came to an end thursday when steve spurrier, once considered the leading man for the uf job, removed his name from the pool of candidates.
4			lab			a class apart: cameras photographers interested in kicking their dependence on chemicals and processing labs can learn to do so with an exploring digital cameras class.
1			parliament			iranian mps approve uranium bill the iranian parliament has passed the first stage of a bill which would force the government to resume its uranium enrichment programme.
2			sport			chrysler recalls 98,000 cars and suvs daimlerchrysler 's dcx.n: quote, profile, research quote, profile, research chrysler division is recalling more than 98,000 cars and sport utility vehicles because of problems that could cause either engine compartment
2			soccer	match			soccer: diouf banned for three matches for spitting london : bolton 's el hadji diouf was banned for three matches after pleading guilty to a charge of improper conduct for spitting.
3			profit	earnings			harley davidson posts higher profit motorcycle maker harley davidson inc. roared to record quarterly earnings on wednesday, boosted by more efficient operations and demand for its new models.
4			user			google buys map provider keyhole internet search company google inc. has acquired keyhole corp., a supplier of online satellite maps that allow users to zoom down to street level to specific locations, google said wednesday.
4			user	cell			8 million callers have kept cell numbers nearly 8 million mobile phone users have switched carriers and kept their cell numbers since a new rule allowing that flexibility took effect one year ago, the federal communications commission said wednesday, the one year anniversary of the agencys
4			application	pack	feature			windows xp sp2 test your applications learn about the plethora of security enhancements included in windows xp service pack 2, as well as how these security features could impair the functionality of some applications.
2			coach	game			stanford notebook just go away quietly? not stanford 's angry ... guard ismail simpson of stanford was walking off the field at the end of the game, yelling and gesturing. an assistant coach had an arm around him, pushing him in the direction of the end zone tunnel that leads to the locker room.
2			championship	win			busch wins nascar pole in darlington with so much emphasis being placed on nascar 's chase for the championship, it won 't be hard to keep track of those 10 drivers in sunday 's southern 500.
1			talk			national foods continues merger talks with spc melbourne: australian dairy group national foods ltd said yesterday it is continuing merger talks with spc ardmona despite becoming a takeover target itself.
4			growth	engineer	optimism	feature	technology	use			industry pioneer says rising hype may hurt growth inside the hynes convention center, it feels like 1999. about 5,000 engineers and venture capitalists have gathered here to discuss and to celebrate one of the hottest technology markets in the world the use of internet technology to move telephone calls. this week's von for ''voice over the net conference features the same breathless optimism that drove the internet ...
1			debate	run	election			house defeats gay marriage ban amendment the house followed the senate in decisively rejecting a constitutional amendment banning gay marriage, ending for this year debate on what has become the dominant issue for the republican party's conservative base. the 227 186 vote in the house thursday was well short of the two thirds majority needed to advance a constitutional amendment, but fulfilled a promise by backers to get lawmakers on the record on the highly sensitive issue in the run up to election day...
3			growth			add ons extend firefox growth the recent success of the firefox movement thousands of volunteers spreading the gospel of mozilla to every corner of the internet is spawning a new kind of growth.
2			game			silver surprise for us 's abdallah in the weeks leading up to these olympic games, american nia abdallah wasn 't even on the radar screen of international taekwondo.
4			microsoft	server	integration	ship	application			microsoft integration server on deck microsoft quote, chart is ready to ship host integration server 2004, offering a windows interface to mainframes and legacy applications.
2			science	graphic	game			'half life 2' a tech masterpiece it's been six years since valve corp. perfected the first person shooter with half life. video games have come a long way since, with better graphics and more options than ever. still, relatively few games have mustered this one's memorable characters and original science fiction story.
2			champion			villeneuve test could lead to f 1 ride with renault jacques villeneuve will test for renault today and tomorrow and the former formula one champion could be back racing as early as next week.
1			talk			nextel, sprint in talks sprint, the no. 3 us mobile phone company, and nextel communications are in early talks about a possible merger, people familiar with the matter said.
4			system	linux	technology	alternative			linux market may grow to $ 35 billion by 2008 linux, the fast growing alternative to windows and other operating systems, will become a $ 35 billion market by 2008, technology research firm idc said wednesday.
2			joe	cup	win	sport			front row joe takes pole at talladega veteran joe nemechek circled the 2.66 mile talladega superspeedway in 50.202 seconds 190.749 mph to win the pole for sunday 's ea sports 500 nextel cup event.
4			standard			phone lines deliver next gen tv on demand viewing isn't just for tivo owners anymore. television over internet protocol, or tvip, offers custom programming over standard copper wires.
1			party	corruption			survey says political parties seen as most corrupt institutions political parties are seen as the institutions most afflicted by corruption, according to a survey released by a non governmental organization that monitors corruption.
1			party	election	britain	opposition			britain, s.africa renew call for fair zimbabwe polls britain and south africa called jointly thursday for zimbabwe to establish a conducive environment for fair elections next year after the main opposition party said it would boycott them.
1			relation	country			french relations in africa faces threat for more than 100 years, french families have made their homes in this tropical country, rich in coffee and cocoa. its main city, with its towering skyscrapers, crisp croissants and fine wines, became known as the paris of west africa.
2			game			shawn fanning returns with new music service not quite as strong or as controversial as arnold schwarzenegger, shawn fanning is back in the music downloading game, according to mtv news.
2			champion			former f1 driver jacques villeneuve to test drive for renault former formula one world champion jacques villeneuve will test for renault at silverstone this week. renault said in a statement that the iberville, que.
4			software	development			judge: oracle, peoplesoft drawn closer the trial pitting software giant oracle corp. against unwilling takeover target peoplesoft inc. ended on friday with a delaware judge's comment that recent developments seemed to have drawn the bitter rivals closer together.
2			tournament	championship	shot	play	park			park continues torrid play at samsung grace park built a four shot lead at the samsung world championship friday with a tournament record, 36 hole total of 15 under 129.
2			winner	medal	korea	victory	sport			hamm argues to keep gymnastics gold the future of paul hamm's gold medal has nothing to do with tumbles and flips, and everything to do with the judgment of three arbitrators. the court of arbitration for sport held an 11 1 2 hour hearing monday to determine whether hamm should again be declared the winner of the olympic gymnastics all around competition, or the victory should go to yang tae young of south korea.
4			system	park			ky. park, univ. open cave learning center mammoth cave national park and western kentucky university have opened a facility that is designed to give students a hands on learning environment in the longest known cave system in the world.
4			lab	feature			google suggests the way to search google has launched a new feature that tries to guess what people are looking for as they type queries into a search box. google suggest quietly debuted this week on the company 's labs site, which showcases
4			database	plot	enterprise	tool	upgrade	software	server	development	beta	application	version			sybase upgrades powerbuilder, plots rfid move sybase inc. released a new version of its application development tool on monday, called powerbuilder 10, and outlined plans for an upgrade to its database software, adaptive server enterprise, which will go into beta at the end of this month and is due for release next year.
4			growth	sale	technology			tech sector's mixed signals the tech sector can't pop open the bubbly yet, since pink slips are flying and shipping jobs overseas is as en vogue as 1980s fashion trends. but there are signs of growth that give reason to at least put the champagne on ice, with pc sales rising and small businesses planning to plunk down serious cash on technology purchases, according to a new batch of studies.
1			victory	race	election			advocacy groups reflect on their role in the election while republican organizations took a bow this week, democratic groups deflected questions about their efficacy and argued that the race provided valuable experience for future victories.
4			design			first look: oqo handheld pc fails to excite design and performance issues hold back this very cool idea.
1			leader	democrat	debate	version			congress works on 9 11 panel legislation racing the clock, senate leaders are applying finishing touches to bipartisan legislation addressing the sept. 11 commission's recommendations just as house gop leaders prepare to debate their version, which democrats call partisan and weak...
4			project			china's three gorges on alert after floods kill 76 china has put the three gorges dam, the world's largest hydro electric project, on flood alert, xinhua news agency said on tuesday after rain and mudslides killed 76 in areas to the west.
4			use	software	microsoft			microsoft takes on backup market it 's a market that could use a shake up. backup and recovery still can be too expensive and complex for many small and midsize companies that rely on windows, but the software is vital to their businesses.
1			cbc	talk			internet turns 35 today shadowspar writes the cbc is reporting that the internet turned 35 today. the story talks about the less than prophetic beginnings of the net: in order to log in to the two computer network, which was then
4			upgrade	microsoft	development			microsoft plans last windows 2000 update with microsoft spending most of its upgrade development time on windows xp, it was only time before they announced plans to stop updating windows 2000.
4			priority	upgrade	hardware			cisco routers get an upgrade com september 12, 2004, 9:00 pm pt. with the economy slowly turning up, upgrading hardware has been on businesses radar in the past 12 months as their number two priority.
3			team	management	sale			boeing changes management in key division boeing co. changed management of its commercial aircraft division yesterday, replacing the head of the sales team after losing several competitions to its european rival airbus sas.
4			database	run	holding	system	software	technology	server	price			cheapware craig murphy has had enough. as chief technology officer at sabre holdings, which runs the world's largest airfare and ticketing network, murphy has spent millions of dollars on database and other software from companies like oracle. but last year, when sabre was building a new computer system for online shoppers, murphy took a flyer on a database program from a little known company in sweden that charges only 495 per server computer, versus a 160,000 list price for oracle. guess what? the swedish stuff works great...
2			beat	medal	britain	sport			binge drinking, the weekend activity of choice for many young britons britain might currently be struggling for olympic medals in athens, but if drinking to excess were a competitive sport, there seems little doubt its nationals could beat all comers.
4			desktop	strength	software	technology	beta	ace			vmware reveals ace in the hole using its strengths in virtual machine technology, vmware inc. on monday unwrapped new beta software for the desktop that allows administrators to more securely deploy and mange work environments outside the corporate network.
2			football	sport			idle unh still moves up things seem to be going new hampshire's way. the wildcats had a bye week and still moved up two places to no. 7 in the sports network division 1 aa football poll.
2			football	fall	team	season	game			october will be no fall festival for illini football team the season started with a four game homestand and mixed results for the illinois football team. phase ii begins today for the illini, who head into a rugged october schedule with a big ten conference game at no.
3			sale			ziggy 's mission impossible the chief executive officer of telstra saw his tenure cut short this week amid preparations for the au $ 30 billion sale of the remainder of the telecommunications heavyweight, likely in early 2006.
4			technology			google to sell books online google has launched a new search technology that helps publishers sell books online. the service, called google print, will be incorporated into google search queries.
4			software	mainframe			ca adds utility like mainframe pricing computer associates introduces usage based pricing model for mainframe software.
2			basketball	player	coach	hall			six join basketball hall of fame four players, a coach and a basketall executive were enshrined friday in the naismith memorial basketball hall of fame in springfield, mass.
2			play	season			smith hints he wants to play another year fifteen seasons may not be not enough for emmitt smith.
4			user	content			google confirms chinese censorship claims unanimouscoward writes a spokesperson has responded to the censorship questions in this article: google has decided that in order to create the best possible search experience for our mainland china users we will not include sites whose content is
2			champion			knockdowns not enough as golota loses to ruiz this was everything andrew golota could have hoped for. it was the last, best hope for the chicagoan to become heavyweight champion of the world.
4			cell			hip hop rings put 'bling' in cell phones sprint, others hope to hear more ka ching with bling tones, cellular ring tones created by hip hop artists.
1			president			ubiquitous network society 'around the corner' for kunio nakamura, president of matsushita electric industrial co. ltd., the much discussed era of the ubiquitous network society, is just around the corner. and with japan in the vanguard, much of the world that is already networked will be online, anywhere, anytime, for anyone, by 2010, he said tuesday in a keynote address on the opening day of ceatec 2004 in japan.
2			champion			in badminton, two deserving champions athens as they lunged and lobbed with astonishing skill on thursday, it was difficult to know whose personal journey had made them the worthier olympic women 's badminton champion.
4			system	microsoft	file	feature			microsoft delays new windows search feature microsoft will release its long awaited update to its windows operating system in 2006 without its advanced file search capability, the company said last week.
1			howard	race	election	minister	party	prime	opposition			pollsters refuse to write off australian pm despite lag in polls sydney : opinion polls give australia 's opposition labor party a big lead over prime minister john howard 's conservative government as campaigning begins for october 9 elections, but analysts say the real race is still too close to call.
4			match	technology			seagate offers record 400 gb hard drive seagate 's native sata interface technology with native command queuing ncq allows the barracuda 7200.8 to match the performance of 10,000 rpm sata drives without sacrificing capacity
2			team	top	championship	season			format helps top teams stay on top en teams spend more than $ 1 billion every season to compete in formula one, but only one has won the championship in half a decade.
3			share	stock	price			will analysts stick with apple this time? com. apple computers stock price continues to set post power macintosh g4 cube records, most recently last week with a closing price of $ 68.44 per share on monday, november 29.
3			profit	retailer			gloom continues at m s ales are still falling at marks spencer, the company revealed today, sparking fresh fears for the retailers recovery. the group confirmed that half year profits will be between 285m 295m, in line with
4			speed			faster clearing comes with change on thursday on thursday, banks will begin implementing the check clearing for the 21st century act, better known as check 21. the law is designed to speed up the processing of many of the 40 billion checks written each year.
1			cabinet	opposition	win			macedonia cabinet survives vote the macedonian government wins a vote of no confidence introduced by the opposition.
4			hardware			sipphone sues vonage and fry 's over new hardware you might know him best as the founder of or the guy behind lindows or linspire or whatever they re calling it now , but michael robertson has another company up his sleeve called sipphone.
2			play	redskin			portis keeping silent clinton portis, who said after sunday's loss in cleveland that the browns seemed to know the redskins' plays, is taking another tack this week: he's not talking.
4			mouse	institute	technology	brain			enter a category by genetically enhancing these brain proteins in mice, henry lester and colleagues at the california institute of technology in pasadena created a mouse that was far more sensitive to nicotine, the addictive substance in tobacco.
4			technology	second			datatec bulks up us operation datatec 's international arm has announced its second acquisition in as many weeks , with a 15,7m buyout of us based solution technology incorporated sti .
2			season			report: trainer says bonds used steroids in 03 according to a report in the san francisco chronicle, bonds personal weight trainer, greg anderson, claimed in a recorded conversation last year that the slugger used an undetectable performance enhancing drug during the 2003 season.
1			relation			deadlock over axum obelisk strained relations between eritrea and ethiopia could prevent the axum obelisk's return to ethiopia from italy.
4			high	standard	microsoft	software			vole gets blu ray software leviathan microsoft has been given the blessing by blu ray for its video compression standard for new high definition discs.
1			party	good	country	election			brazil ruling party seeks stronger hand from poll brazil's ruling worker's party pt was looking to strengthen its hand in its fight to transform this huge latin american country with a good performance in nationwide municipal elections on sunday.
4			technology			spammers exploit anti spam trap spammers have become enthusiastic adopters of technology designed to spot and stop them.
3			restaurant	sale			hirst restaurant sale makes 11m fixtures and fittings from damien hirst's restaurant pharmacy sell for 11.1, 8m more than expected.
4			ibm	computing			ibm pushing wireless through partnerships the computing giant is stepping up its wireless efforts through partnerships, looking to sell to municipalities, hospitals and colleges.
2			race	series			vancouver indy race a question mark the future of of the vancouver molson indy race is up in the air again, following the release of the champ car world series schedule for 2005.
2			good	game	series			programs: for stealth lovers, 'thief' is a steal one of the joys of the games in the thief series is the ability to sneak up on opponents, quietly take them out with a good knock on the noggin, and then dump their body in the shadows so you can resume your hunt for loot.
3			stock			coventry health to buy first health coventry health care inc. on thursday said it agreed to buy rival health plan first health group corp. for $ 1.8 billion in stock and cash as it looks to expand its geographic reach and keep pace with rivals.
2			development	franchise	game	series			the hitman is back the hitman franchise is alive and growing, as eidos announced today the fourth game in the series, hitman: blood money, is in development at io interactive.
3			investment			fewer people reported investment income to taxman in 2003, says ... it was the third straight year that the numbers have fallen, although not nearly as much as in the previous two years. nearly 7.4 million people reported just over $ 30.
2			white	medal	high	sport			hamm faces yang for gold in high court of sports the disputed olympic gold medal is wrapped in a pair of white socks in paul hamm 's parents house in waukesha, wis. whether that medal stays there is up to the court of arbitration for sport in lausanne, switzerland
4			server			dell still 1 pc maker two separate reports indicate that dell has continued to hold and even extended its lead in the pc market, defined as desktops, mobile computers not pdas , and x86 servers.
1			talk			td, banknorth in talks on possible deal canada's toronto dominion bank said on wednesday that it is in talks with u.s. based banknorth group about a possible deal.
4			processor			first look at playstation 3 chip the chip that will power the playstation 3 is said to be up to 10 times faster than current processors.
2			sport	delhi			india slaps life ban on three weightlifters caught for doping new delhi: indian sports officials on wednesday handed life bans to three women weightlifters who tested positive for performance enhancing drugs, officials said.
4			system			satellite boosts olympic security an enhanced satellite location system aims to help olympic security guards react more quickly to emergencies.
1			tension			china tests new guided missile amid taiwan tensions china has successfully tested a new guided missile it says is highly accurate, state media said on tuesday amid rising tensions with arch rival taiwan.
4			microsystems	system	file	computing	storage			sun executive reveals nas strategy sun microsystems plans to beef up its nas network attached storage product line with support for utility computing and its new zettabyte file system zfs , according to an executive of the company's network storage products group.
4			application			apple issues ichat security fix apple computer inc. on thursday released its third security update in recent days. security update 2004 09 16 fixes a security issue with apple's ichat application that allowed remote ichat participants can send links that can start local programs if clicked.
3			chain	price			disney to sell 313 retail stores to children 's place new york, october 20 the walt disney company has reached a definitive agreement to sell its north american disney store retail chain to children 's place retail stores inc plce for an undisclosed price.
4			growth	profit	outlook	system	networking	technology			cisco reports record profit but outlook disappoints cisco systems' fiscal first quarter profits jumped 29 as the network equipment giant saw growth in its traditional routing markets as well as its emerging technologies like internet telephone and home networking gear.
4			design	speed	feature	core			for intel, the future has two cores chipmaker turns to a more is better approach, downplaying chip speeds in favor of new features and designs.
2			team	player	coach	cup	game			overseas players bolster us team with back to back world cup qualifying games on the line, us team coach bruce arena has called in his heavy hitters from overseas.
2			qualifier	play	cup	england	sport			gerrard fit for england steven gerrard has been passed fit and plays for england in tonights 2006 world cup qualifier against austria, according to sky sports.
4			pharmaceutical	technology			drug makers eye rfid tags in counterfeiting fight big pharmaceutical companies are testing new tracking technology they hope will help them spot counterfeit drugs before they reach consumers' medicine cabinets.
4			switch			valentino rossi and formula 1 motogp star valentino rossi has often been linked to a switch to four wheeled racing but it is not going to happen in the immediate future, if at all.
2			football	team	coach	player	high	texas			lightning strike injures 40 on texas field about 40 players and coaches with the grapeland high school football team in east texas were injured, two of them critically, when lightning struck near their practice field tuesday evening, authorities said.
1			prime	election	minister			prime minister takes lead in ukrainian election prime minister viktor yanukovych took the official lead today in ukraine 's presidential election but did not appear to have enough votes to avoid a runoff after balloting
4			outsourcing	system	project	enterprise			study: outsourcing mostly domestic enterprise systems says tasks, including it projects, are heading mainly to other u.s. companies, not offshore.
3			outsourcing	sale			nestle waters ponders perrier sale ... or outsourcing nestle waters said it might sell perrier, the iconic french mineral water, while keeping options including a mooted outsourcing on tap.
4			desktop	microsoft	software			taking microsoft for a spin? the software juggernaut that conquered the desktop is racing to get windows into your next car.
4			speed	supercomputer	ibm	server	standard			photos: barcelona's big blade a spanish supercomputer built by ibm has captured the world speed record for a machine using standard blade servers.
4			system			corporates get a case of the wireless jitters analysis too many systems, too many operators
3			growth	good	development			choking on growth rapid economic development has led to filthy air. the good news: this is a mess that can be cleaned up
4			ipod	mini	technology			bose sounddock the new bose sounddock, available exclusively on the apple online store, brings your music to life while charging your ipod or ipod mini through its docking connector. bose technology produces room filling sound on a wide stereo sound stage from your ipod. comes complete with remote. sep 24
2			play	soccer	team			us men 's soccer team carries itself with a swagger they play with a confident air these days, even a swagger, more befitting the brazilians and germans.
3			low	sale			china looks outside asia for m a chinese companies are starting to pursue north american and european electronics and consumer brands as their government pushes them to build global sales forces for their low cost products.
3			profit	sale			gateway trims loss in third quarter pc maker sees potential profit at the end of the tunnel, boosted by new sales strategy.
1			party	election	president	win			indians, independents dominate bolivia election indigenous groups and independent candidates were poised to win local elections in bolivia on sunday, while support for traditional parties sank further after a popular revolt last year toppled former president gonzalo sanchez de lozada.
4			user			google blesses blogger users with adsense advertising google blesses blogger users with adsense advertising blogger, having replaced the default google powered adsense ads with a search enhanced blogger task bar, has recently announced that they will now make google adsense advertisements available to blogger members and other personal blog owners via a new program. biz stone, a google ...
1			leader			corning 's crystal clear future the world leader in production of the ultra thin glass used by companies such as lg philips lcd nyse: lpl , sony nyse: sne , hitachi nyse
2			celebration	coach	game	football			utah enjoys bcs celebration while it can utah coach urban meyer is a man whose brown eyes boil with intensity. he subscribes to the football adage of taking one game at a time as if it were a directive from scripture.
3			finance			nortel hires accenture to revamp financial organization nortel networks said friday it has hired consulting firm accenture to help it revamp its financial organization. accenture will review elements of nortel networks global finance organization and
4			system			rape acquittal criticized in venezuela prosecutors, lawmakers and rights activists criticized venezuela's judicial system for the acquittal of a man who had been accused of torturing and repeatedly raping a woman.
4			app	java	software	server	ship	application	source			jboss ships j2ee app server open source software maker releases big update to java based application server program.
4			ibm	vendor	application	database			oracle peoplesoft buyout may push middleware vendors into a corner the combination of peoplesoft applications with oracle 's database and middleware products could lead to a closer relationship between ibm and sap.
2			basketball	coach			florida assistant arrested on drug charges florida assistant basketball coach major parker has been arrested on charges of selling half a kilogram of cocaine to an undercover officer, a u.s. attorney said wednesday.
2			player	war			google envy is fomenting search wars propelled by google envy, new players and internet industry giants are rushing into the online search market, setting off a burst of activity that contrasts sharply with the lull after the dot com collapse.
4			lab	patent	content			intel partners 'lab on a chip' firm deal masks an interest in controversial digital content distribution patents?
4			processor	server	enterprise	core			intel silent on jayhawk chip replacement intel corp. yesterday offered a few more details about its plans for enterprise server processors but was silent on its plans for an upcoming dual core xeon processor.
4			speed	system	networking	technology	use	high			airgo says linksys to use chips for wireless gear airgo networks said on monday the linksys unit of cisco system inc. will use its chips in equipment for high speed wireless networking, bolstering support for the start up chip maker's technology.
4			processor	virus	amd	technology			amd shows off 2005 mobile line advanced micro devices amd has expanded its increasingly popular mobile line of chips, named sempron. the new processor has higher performance and integrated evp anti virus technology.
2			nba	football	brawl	player	fan	kick	sport			debatable: should there be criminal charges in sports brawls? nba players charge into the stands and punch fans. college football players get into a brawl and one kicks another in the head as he 's lying facedown on the ground.
2			nfl	league	game	football			nfl extends cbs, fox broadcast rights in $ 8 billion deal the national football league on monday said it will extend broadcast rights for television networks cbs and fox to air sunday afternoon football games through 2011 in deals worth a combined $ 8 billion.
2			tour	race			armstrong to decide in may on tour de france lance armstrong will decide in may whether he will race in this summer 's tour de france, which he has won the last six years. he said in wednesday 's austin american statesman he will ride for another two years
3			enterprise			cisco to acquire network monitoring provider netsolve move will allow cisco channel partners to monitor their enterprise customers' networks to provide better service and support.
4			system			lg unveils big, pricey plasma tv 71 inch hdtv comes with a home stereo system and components painted in 24 karat gold.
4			siemens	broadband	technology			siemens to develop pre 802.20 wireless broadband products siemens communications said friday that it will develop wireless broadband products using flash ofdm technology from flarion technologies.
2			victory	game			cal throws scare into usc almost a special victory gt; it looked like makonnen was held or bumped or something, rodgers said. i m pretty frustrated. we dominated the game.
1			leadership			row over airbus boss intensifies french and german executives are in a bitter dispute over the leadership of aerospace firm eads.
3			investor	good			google investors await the dropping of 39 million shoes google investors may find out this week whether there really can be too much of a good thing.
4			software			regulators clear oracle bid for peoplesoft european union antitrust regulators on tuesday cleared oracle corp. 's hostile $ 7.7 billion bid for rival business software maker peoplesoft inc.
3			stock	earnings			procter gamble weigh on blue chips u.s. blue chip stocks fell on wednesday as earnings and outlooks from two consumer products giants failed to excite markets.
3			earnings			smucker spreads it on thick the latest earnings report from jam specialist jm smucker nyse: sjm heralds record first quarter results. read carefully, though.
2			victory	game	england	season			key games in new england unh 8 2 vs. maine 5 5 when, where: tomorrow, 1 p.m., at orono, maine. tv, radio: none. last season: unh won, 47 27. comments: unh will be looking for a repeat of last week's 62 24 victory over towson, which enabled the wildcats to take over first place in the atlantic 10 north and earned earn them a no. 5 ranking in division ...
3			enterprise			marvel sues over city of heroes marvel enterprises has filed suit against ncsoft and cryptic studios, claiming that the companies violated marvel 's trademark characters in the mmorpg city of heroes.
4			cell			research is definitely in motion whatever happened to the days of being one with nature, and getting away from it all ? first cell phones and pagers made us accessible 24 hours a day, and now research in motion 's
2			cup	final	sport			from the sidelines spoke to sports illustrated senior writer jon wertheim, who is in seville, spain, covering the davis cup final for the magazine.
4			system	technology	access			nokia expands functionality and security of ssl vpn offering new york, september 20, 2004 nokia nyse:nok today announced the expanded security and functionality of nokia secure access system, the companys virtual private network vpn solution leveraging ubiquitous secure socket layer ssl technology.
3			holding			securing the gold in athens despite age old olympic truce known as the ekecheiria, or holding of hands, security experts aren't taking any chances.
4			technology			agency sues lucent over pension policy a federal civil rights agency sued lucent technologies inc. on thursday, charging the telecom equipment maker had discriminated in its pension policy against women workers who took pregnancy leave.
1			election	party	president	win	gain			brazil 's workers party gains in mayoral voting president luiz inacio lula da silva 's left leaning workers party posted significant wins in nationwide municipal elections sunday and expanded its reach into brazil 's mammoth interior.
1			politics	hurricane	race	election			hurricanes may affect florida presidential contest a trio of fierce hurricanes have pushed presidential politics to the back burner in florida, the epicenter of the 2000 election, and could affect voter attitudes and turnout in the nov. 2 race, analysts say.
1			politics	election	side	party	oil	price			politics: both sides eye climbing world oil prices nervously the news that the national party is to hold back on key policy announcements until closer to the election has had a mixed reception.
3			profit	earnings	rise	clothing	sale	retailer			limited 2nd quarter earnings climb clothing retailer limited brands inc. on thursday posted a sharply higher quarterly profit, lifted by a rise in sales at stores open at least a year.
4			app	software	server	application	source			jboss app server to get hp support in a deal aimed at helping corporate it decision makers feel more comfortable about moving to open source software offerings, hewlett packard co. will now provide first call support for jboss inc.'s open source application server.
3			growth			google warns on revenue growth google has warned that the rapid revenue growth it experienced in the third quarter may not continue in the fourth quarter and beyond.
4			technology			digital recorders bump old vcrs off the shelf if you re replacing an aging vcr, a recorder that uses digital technology now deserves first consideration. the reasons include picture quality that can exceed that of a
2			space	project	sport			crawler 's new shoes to help space shuttle move toward return to ... nasas two crawler transporter vehicles soon will sport new shoes. a $ 10 million project to replace the 456 tread belt shoes, weighing more than one ton each, on both crawlers at kennedy space center begins mid october.
4			tool	ibm	software	development	language			ibm rational tools to support uml 2.0 ibm has revealed additions to its rational software development tool lineup and said its architecting and modeling tools will support unified modeling language 2.0 by the end of the year.
1			leader	party	president	witness			taiwanese should not fear beijing leaders lies during the chinese communist party 's central committee plenary meeting this month we can expect to witness a power struggle between president hu jintao and central
4			science	specie			new species of monkey described a species of monkey previously unknown to science has been discovered in the forests of northeastern india. the arunachal macaque has a dark face and is relatively large with a shorter tail than most macaques.
1			party	top	country	election			doing the balancing act the australians are currently weighing up their choice in the federal election, and the country 's top order batsmen also looked confused as they decided between two party 's policies.
3			sale			justices hear arguments about internet wine sales supreme court justices on tuesday uncorked tough questions for states that ban direct shipments of wine. with eager winemakers looking on, the court confronted two competing constitutional mandates.
4			morning	software	management	vendor			ca, doj reach settlement embattled management software vendor computer associates quote, chart has struck a deal with the us department of justice doj to avoid a court appearance over its accounting problems, reports indicated wednesday morning.
4			microsoft	system	tool	technology	drop	version	storage			next windows is losing data storage tool microsoft corp. will drop a much touted new technology for organizing and storing data when it releases the next version of its windows operating system as expected in 2006.
1			leader	opposition			ukraine opposition leader defiant after poisoning ukrainian presidential hopeful viktor yushchenko returned to campaigning saturday in a defiant mood after recovering from what his supporters said was an attempt by authorities to poison him.
4			software	standard	vendor	source			leading it vendors release messaging software fujitsu limited, hitachi, ltd., and nec corporation have released their jointly developed messaging software as open source. this software implements the web services reliability ws reliability standard, a
1			presidency	minister			eu says time not right to lift china arms ban the european union is not yet ready to lift an arms embargo on china, bernard bot, foreign minister of the netherlands which holds the bloc 's rotating presidency, said wednesday.
1			democrat	election			hong kong democrats in public rally ahead of polls hong kong's scandal rocked pro democracy camp joined hands on sunday to stage a public rally ahead of crucial legislative elections next weekend, the biggest test of public mood since district elections in november.
1			president			disney 's board eyeing iger to replace eisner walt disney co. 's board of directors said company president robert iger is the one internal candidate to replace disney chief executive michael eisner and that it also will consider outsiders.
4			speed	nasa	ocean	technology			nasa test flight sets new record an unmanned experimental jet has broken a world record for speed, cruising over the pacific ocean at just under 7000 miles 11,265km per hour in a nasa test of cutting edge scramjet engine technology.
4			microsoft	team	system	tool	software	management	server			dell, microsoft team for management of dell servers microsoft and dell are pairing to develop free software for dell server customers that will integrate microsoft systems management server 2003 with dell 's openmanage 4 change management tool.
2			good	fan	football	race			10 questions for college football things are getting tighter, contenders are dropping like flies and conference races are coming down to the wire. ahhhh, it 's a good time to be a college football fan.
4			microsoft	computing	server			microsoft virtual server 2005 article central microsoft will release virtual server 2005 next week, a product aimed to help companies effectively gather computing resources.
1			general	election	reform	opposition			zimbabwean opposition to boycott election the movement for democratic change mdc is calling on the government to introduce electoral reform. the mdc says it will not take part in zimbabwe 's 2005 general election because the poll will not be free and fair.
4			technology	networking	vendor	arsenal	storage			storage products unveiled at snw show at storage networking world snw in orlando this week, several storage vendors are adding to their arsenal of products and technologies aimed at it managers dealing with the explosion of data storage.
1			leader	election	party	democrat	agenda			democrats discuss how to reset agenda in the shadow of bill clinton and his gleaming new presidential library, leaders of the struggling democratic party held informal discussions this week of how to come back from their devastating election day losses.
4			platform	ibm	software	feature	server	application	version			ibm revamps websphere ibm nyse: ibm has launched a new version of its websphere application server software, adding autonomic troubleshooting capabilities and other new features designed to improve performance in the middleware platform.
4			system	nation	upgrade	microsoft			colleges fear xp downloads will cause jam microsoft corp.'s decision to release a major upgrade for its flagship operating system in the same month that hundreds of thousands of students are reporting to college campuses across the nation is causing a major headache for some universities.
1			election			ukrainian cec announces elections results: yushchenko overtakes ... ukrainian pm viktor yanukovich has received 40.03 of the vote 10,807,068 votes , and viktor yushchenko has 39.16 10,572,530 in the ukrainian presidential election.
4			technology			hong kong passion for mobile phones could end dating woes hong kongers famously told a survey last year they were too busy with work for relationships; now a new technology will enable them to go dating using their famous passion for mobile phones.
4			platform	linux			mcnealy: sun still shines for oracle despite oracles strategic push for linux and intel based deployments, sun is still the company 's leading platform, according to sun chairman and chief executive scott mcnealy.
2			season			jets able to contain rudi rudi johnson knew he was going to be a marked man before the season began. he found out how much so sunday in the bengals 31 24 loss to the new york jets at the meadowlands.
3			buying	share	investor	stock	earnings			asian tech stocks rally, dollar edges up a rally in semiconductor related stocks, including advantest corp., propelled asian shares higher on monday as investors added to a u.s. buying spree and turned optimistic on earnings prospects.
4			content	management	application	infrastructure			oracle shoots for the middle next month, firm will launch revamped middleware products for content management and application infrastructure.
4			un	country	technology			nuclear weapons: can they be stopped? nuclear technology is now so widespread that it is only political will which stops many countries from making nuclear weapons. mohamed elbaradei, head of the un 's nuclear regulatory body the
2			sport	champion	meter	rise			olympics: fame but questions for greece's new heroine fani halkia hurtled from virtual obscurity to become olympic women's 400 meters hurdles champion on wednesday, giving greece a new sports diva to hail but sparking a barrage of questions over her rise to prominence.
4			outsourcing	ibm	technology			jpmorgan to absorb 4,000 ibm workers jpmorgan chase co. plans to undo a technology outsourcing deal with international business machines corp., taking back about 4,000 employees and contractors from the computer giant.
1			peace	politician	province	ally			only weeks left to end n.irish deadlock mcguinness northern ireland's bitterly divided politicians have only a few weeks left to agree a new peace settlement for the province, a leading member of the irish republican army's political ally sinn fein said on monday.
4			system			hard drive with 23,000 social security numbers disappears the disappearance of a laptop hard drive in the california state university csu system has triggered a year old state law requiring anyone whose personal information might have been stolen to be notified.
2			club			larkin leaving big shoes to fill the split between the reds and barry larkin left the club with two very big holes to fill. the obvious one is at shortstop. the less obvious one is in the clubhouse where he was the undisputed
4			tool	application	developer			attachmate details new synapta tools attachmate's new synapta presentation and builder tools are designed to abstract host information so developers can more quickly build composite applications with existing assets.
4			standard	technology			phone firms rush to get tv on mobile phones europeans came a step closer to having television on their mobile phones on friday when two groups of companies announced plans to push forward with consumer trials and establish a standard for the technology.
3			investor	minority	shareholder			black seeks to buy out hollinger inc. minority investors, take ... the conrad black saga took a fresh twist thursday as the embattled press baron announced plans to buy out other shareholders of hollinger inc.
3			general	sale			ford and gm lose ground to imports general motors and the ford motor company continued to lose ground to import brands last month, despite heavy levels of incentive spending, according to sales results released wednesday.
4			software			sap more friendly to oracle peoplesoft german business software giant sap is starting to see the silver lining in a potential linkup between rivals oracle and peoplesoft , the german sunday newspaper welt am sonntag reported.
2			football	team	top	country	player			emphasis on turnover margin pays off big for teams such as usc usc is the country 's top ranked team, in no small part due to its fetish for the football. it 's apparent in everything from t shirts the program special ordered for players which read it 's all about the
3			chain			workers weigh grocery concessions about 150 union workers at three grocery chains today debated whether to offer their employers more concessions, two days before a contract extension was to expire.
4			sale	technology	price			infineon execs to get prison terms four sales executives of german chipmaker infineon technologies have agreed to plead guilty to participating in a conspiracy to fix the prices of computer memory chips, the us department of justice said thursday.
1			leadership	management	airway			us air pilots undecided over contract the 12 member pilot leadership council at us airways group delayed its decision saturday on whether it will send management 's latest contract offer to its pilots for a vote.
2			game			photo 3 of 8: global gamers clash for cash $ 2.5 million in prize money is on the line as gamers from uzbekistan to ecuador compete in the world cyber games.
4			opera	email	software	technology	integration			opera software and slipstream data partner to accelerate opera ... opera software and slipstream data announced the integration of the opera browser with slipstream 's web and email acceleration technology.
1			leader	airway			us air pilots to vote on pay cut proposal bankrupt us airways took a crucial step toward securing $ 300 million in concessions from its pilots union late on tuesday when leaders of the labor group said they would forward a plan to cut wages and benefits to all pilots for a vote.
4			space	system			oxygen problems plague space station in what should have been the home stretch of their six month orbital expedition, the crew of the international space station is struggling with new problems in their critical oxygen production system.
2			winner	coach	game	card			niners blow lead, survive scare from cards in ot dennis erickson may not have much time left as san francisco 's coach. if this was his last game, though, he will go out a winner, thanks to an unlikely pair of stars ken dorsey and maurice hicks.
4			united	single	technology			infineon reaches settlement with doj on industry wide dram ... infineon technologies ag fse nyse: ifx announced today that it has reached an agreement with the united states department of justice antitrust division doj to plead guilty to a single and limited charge related to the violation of us antitrust
4			platform	hardware	system	software	technology	storage			crossroads to develop intelligent iscsi storage crossroads systems has announced it is collaborating with ivivity to develop new gateway and intelligent iscsi storage systems. the new products will provide intelligent crossroads storage routing software in a hardware platform based on ivivity's idisxsilicon technology.
2			career	game	project			tempting art students into gaming a scottish university project is trying to persuade art students to consider a career in the games industry.
4			grid	experiment	computing			world 's largest working computing grid particle physics experiments at the large hadron collider lhc , currently under construction at cern in geneva will produce around 15 petabytes of data each year 15 million, billion bytes.
1			leader	president	development			mbeki, obasanjo in new attempt to spread nepad president thabo mbeki and a number of african leaders, donor agencies and civil society group s begin a two day meeting in sandton today to discuss possible new directions for the new partnership for africa 's development nepad .
3			hit	good	management	enterprise			smash protocol a hit at enterprise management world the new smash protocol, which was demonstrated at enterprise management world, got good marks from data center managers at the event.
4			system	linux	technology	server	red	source	version			red hat, unisys announce partnership linux publisher red hat inc. said tuesday that information technology consulting firm unisys corp. will begin offering a business version of the company 's open source operating system on its servers.
4			use	user	skype	technology			pocket pc users report trouble with skype pocket pc users who were expecting to use skype technologies 's skypeout service to make telephone calls via the internet may find themselves without a dial tone.
2			game	president			beijing paralympic games to be fabulous: ipc president the 13th summer paralympic games in 2008 in beijing will be extremely successful and fabulous , phil craven, chief of the international paralympic committee ipc ,predicted here on thursday.
4			desktop	tool	system	mac	version			google plans desktop search tool for apple pcs google inc. goog.o plans to release a version of its desktop search tool for computers running on the mac operating system from apple computer inc.
4			technology	price			german chipmaker admits price fixing german computer chipmaker infineon technologies ag has agreed to plead guilty to price fixing and will pay a $ 160 million fine, the justice department announced yesterday.
4			system	microsoft	broadband			microsoft tests broadband tv microsoft has turned to a swiss telecommunication operator for the first commercial trial of its system that delivers television signals to consumers over a broadband telecommunications network, it announced this week.
4			system			screening system touted as improvement for months, homeland security officials have privately debated how to blunt criticism of their planned aviation screening system that passengers and airlines complained was overly intrusive.
1			leader	cabinet	minister	party	jakarta	president			susilo to form cabinet as of oct. 5: minister jakarta antara : presidential front runner susilo bambang yudhoyono, who is leading in the vote count by a wide margin ahead of president megawati soekarnoputri, will likely start drawing up his cabinet on oct. 5., a party leader has said.
1			leader	politics	sharing	talk	president	british			ni deal to be decided the dup leader will continue talks today with the british government after sinn fein president gerry adams gave his backing for an advent agreement to revive power sharing and remove the gun forever from northern ireland politics.
4			silicon			grove exits as silicon valley legend more than anything else, intel chairman andrew grove was a pioneer. free! sign up here to receive our internet daily e newsletter!
4			use	technology			workers think positive, negative about im com. eleven million americans use instant messaging at work, a survey released thursday said, but some at work imers would like nothing better than to toss the technology.
1			war	conflict			burundi inching closer to ending long civil war bujumbura, burundi tiny burundi has seen more than a decade of war, but events in the past few months suggest that it is closer than ever to wrapping up one of africa 's most persistent civil conflicts.
3			pharmaceutical	profit	development			who urges more research on vaccines for flu, other illnesses the world is unprepared for an inevitable flu pandemic that could kill tens of millions of people, but profit driven pharmaceutical companies are putting too little research into the development of vaccines, the world health organization said yesterday.
2			player	captain	win			india aiming for wins not records dhaka: india will focus on results and not records in the first test against bangladesh starting today, even though two of their players are on the verge of personal milestones, captain saurav ganguly said.
3			good			china's shadow banks illegal lenders are siphoning money from state owned banks, but they may do more good than harm
4			upgrade	technology			phones into flowers mobile telephones are one of the most quickly discarded items of consumer electronics. rapid changes in technology and taste means customers constantly upgrade their phones leaving behind more and more discarded phones.
1			president			update 2: eisner says he discussed ovitz hiring walt disney co. chief executive michael eisner testified tuesday that he discussed individually with directors bringing on michael ovitz as the entertainment giant 's president and reviewed the details of his
2			cub	team	championship			time to take care of business the cubs didn 't need to fly anywhere near florida to be in the eye of the storm. for a team that is going on 100 years since last winning a championship, the only thing they never are at a loss for is controversy.
1			fighting			motorola picks a smart fight like a boxer shedding pounds to get to his fighting weight, motorola is trimming down to take on the mobile phone market, shedding jobs and spinning off divisions.
1			reform			feinstein warns goss against cia reforms a democratic senator warned cia director porter goss thursday that his efforts to make major changes could have a significant and negative effect on the agency.
1			election			hong kong political climate toxic: hrw china has created a toxic political climate in hong kong through threats and intimidation designed to skew this week 's elections in favour of pro beijing candidates, according to a global rights watchdog.
4			concern	software	hardware			big blue news a sign of pc market 's graying temples while taking a back seat to software and security efforts, hardware is still a big time concern according to our survey. organizations are taking the opportunity to consolidate their environments as they replace
1			worry	election			missing ballots heighten fears of renewed voting chaos in florida the bizarre disappearance of tens of thousands of ballots has fueled worries over florida's ability to avert a repeat of the chaos of 2000, when americans were kept guessing for 36 days who won the election.
4			scientist	project			scientists unveil project to extract hydrogen in nuclear reactors if hydrogen created in a nuclear reactor ever winds up fueling cars and homes and businesses decades from now, it might all owe its thanks to a pottery kiln in salt lake city.
2			coach	howard	team	sport			foxes turn to wilkinson former sunderland and leeds manager howard wilkinson has been appointed temporary first team coach of leicester. bassett told sky sports news: i spoke to howard about helping leicester out and he 's accepted that situation.
2			race			tribute concert held for ray charles an eclectic lineup of musicians honored ray charles in a tribute concert, praising the late singer's rich life and his ability to transcend race and musical genres...
2			play	team	point	top			sparks prevail down the stretch the top teams in the western conference didn 't look like they had nothing to play for. nikki teasley scored 21 points to lead all five starters scored in double figures as the
4			feature	technology			i spy with my little... this state of the art spy helicopter features its own computer, a digital camera and bluetooth wireless technology so it can transmit instant pictures.
4			enemy	buying	technology			with each technology advance, a scourge internet advertisers face a new enemy: people who click on ads with no intention of buying.
3			finance			santander aims to complete abbey purchase by november, ft says santander central hispano sa aims to complete its 8.3 billion pounds $ 15 billion purchase of abbey national plc by november, the financial times said, citing juan inciarte, santander 's director for europe and consumer finance.
2			team	fan	baseball	season			expos release plan washington's baseball team begins to unveil its plans to sell season tickets, marking the first tangible way for fans to connect with the team.
3			sale			half a mil and climbing only a week on the market, and nintendo 's dual screen handheld is a huge least according to the company and its sales numbers.
2			nba	player	team			us nba players become the nightmare team after epic loss call them the nightmare team .
4			software			yahoo to buy digital music company musicmatch internet company yahoo inc. said on tuesday it will buy privately held music software company musicmatch inc. for about 160 million in a bid to bolster its online music services.
4			gate	microsoft	tool	software	management			gates to announce windows update tool microsoft founder bill gates on tuesday is expected to detail the company 's plan for computer management software and announce a long awaited windows update tool.
2			race			web site takes aim at 'arms race of spin' everywhere duke university graduate student brendan nyhan and his partners in the political web site look, they see spin.
2			patriot	team	good	player	coach			patriots discovering virtue of versatility when it comes to switching positions for the good of the team, some players do it comfortably while others, according to patriots coach bill belichick, wouldn't even be asked. some players can interchange from position to position seamlessly and you would never know sometimes what their primary spot was, said belichick, whose team had a day off from ...
3			sale			kraft's candy sale kraft is reportedly planning to sell two well known brands. what will it do with the proceeds?
2			team	club	season			center fiddler re signs with predators center vernon fiddler re signed with the nashville predators on thursday after playing most of last season with the team's ahl club.
4			user			google on the march word leaked out on wednesday that the internet search specialist will introduce google print, a service that enables users to search excerpts from books.
4			generation			telegraph used to warn trains on day of halifax explosion put on display halifax cp the image of vince coleman frantically pounding on a telegraph key has become the symbol of the halifax explosion for a generation of canadians.
2			baseball	run	steroid	sport			a harsh injection of reality what if baseball had a steroid scandal and nobody cared? in all honesty, that's an issue, said gary roberts, an expert in sports law at tulane. for all we know, the american public may not give a damn. they may be happy if all their gladiators were stoked up on steroids and hitting 500 home runs.
1			leader	president			jiang pushes increased china france contacts in shanghai, meets ... french president jacques chirac pushed for expanded economic and academic ties in shanghai on monday, speaking before students at a leading university and lunching with former chinese leader jiang zemin.
4			desktop	application	source			bristol plans to move 5,000 to open source bristol city council could begin one of the uk 's biggest roll outs of open source desktop applications if a proposal to adopt star office is adopted at a council meeting next month.
1			nation	election			nev. 1st touch screen, paper trail voters in what could become a model for other states, nevada voters on tuesday became the first in the nation to cast ballots in a statewide election on computers that printed paper records of electronic ballots.
4			measure	technology			link popularity and search engine ranking pitfalls link popularity and search engine ranking pitfalls as we all know google uses their pagerank technology to measure link popularity by counting the number of inbound links to your web pages, and it is one of the many factors influencing your ranking. most website owners do not utilize properly what pagerank ...
2			game	sale			athens ticket sales improving olympic organizers announced that more than half of available tickets 3.1 million to the games have been sold, almost reaching the budget for purchases.
4			system	pack			it managers plan imminent move to xp sp2 nearly three quarters of it managers are planning to deploy the windows xp service pack 2 update to their systems, research shows.
3			high	stock	share			europe stocks start 2005 at 30 month high european shares got off to a sparkling start of the new year, rallying to a 30 month high on monday after a broad rebound of the dollar lifted exporters such as car giant daimlerchrysler.
3			discovery	enterprise			infocus: issues discovering compromised machines this article discusses the discovery of compromised machines in large enterprise environments, and offers some suggestions on correlating nids and hips logs to avoid false positives.
4			software	country	source			celebrating open source several organisations will celebrate saturday 's international software freedom day by hosting open source events around the country.
4			software	single	management	vendor	application			motive gives single view of distributed apps an emerging trend in application management software is the capability to view distributed applications, deployed on many tiers, as a single entity. putting the new approach to work, management software vendor motive will launch three products to help manage distributed applications: motive profile, motive triage, and motive resolution.
2			game			game review: halo 2 i know i did. three years ago, i wandered into a gamestop and saw halo: combat evolved on a television. two hours later, i was still in the store, still digging the frenetic first person shooter.
4			system	platform	linux			2004 reviews: platforms infoworld reviews the year in operating systems, including the arrival of the v2.6 linux kernel.
3			share			web board craigslist makes a name for itself craigslist is a giant internet bulletin board where people buy and sell their stuff, trade humor and political wisdom, look for dates, seek home repair advice, share their poetry and often just rant. some call the site a public forum. others call it a classified market. many call it an obsession.
2			medal	final	career	team			hamm sets sights on golden finale athens: mia hamm is primed to end her illustrious career with an olympic gold medal when the powerful us team take on brazil in the womens final on thursday today .
4			high	technology			high tech city to go up in southern india southern india's kerala state plans to create a 1,000 acre 400 hectare zone called smart city, where technology companies from around the world will be invited to set up operations, an official said friday.
1			cabinet	country			italy govt set to begin european constitution ratification the government, keen to make italy the first country to ratify the eu constitutional treaty, was setto greenlight the necessary bill in a cabinet meeting late friday afternoon.
2			play			sites help to connect social networks two new web services launched last week aim to help people tap their friends for tips about where to eat, shop and play.
2			play	injury	game	season			browns suggs cleared to play cleveland browns running back lee suggs may be ready to play his first game of the season sunday. suggs, who had been expected to start at running back this season, missed the first three games because of a neck injury.
4			desktop	symantec	tool	software	server	standard	version			symantec releases data recovery tools security company symantec tuesday announced the availability of new versions of its livestate data recovery software. the company is releasing updated versions of its livestate recovery advanced server, standard server and desktop products.
4			microsystems	system	software	copy	source	version			sun to offer new solaris as 'open source' software it cost sun microsystems $ 5 billion to develop solaris, a powerful computer operating system used by governments and giant corporations worldwide. but in a concession to the radical new economics of computer software, sun will distribute the latest version of solaris free of charge, to anyone who wants a copy.
4			lab	tool	software	management	version			q1 labs tackles intrusion prevention q1 labs this week plans to release the latest version of its flagship software as well as add on software that the company says enables its security management tool to not only detect security issues but also prevent them.
4			pack	country	tool	software	alternative			introducing two new jam packs apple introduces two new jam packs for its garageband music creation software, giving musicians and aspiring musicians more apple loops and software instruments to create music. jam pack 2: remix tools makes it easy to produce compelling dance, hip hop and electronica tracks, while jam pack 3: rhythm section offers songwriters a complete backing band for their rock, alternative and country music. sep 29
3			profit	sale			estee lauder quarterly profit climbs cosmetics manufacturer estee lauder cos. inc. on tuesday posted a bigger quarterly profit, bolstered by sales in europe and an improving u.s. retail market.
4			project			intel abandons digital tv chip project new york, october 22 global semiconductor giant intel corporation has called off its plan to develop a new chip for the digital projection televisions.
3			good	profit	high			sony cautious on home electronics profit japan's sony corp. does not expect a sharp recovery in the profitability of its home electronics business during the crucial october to december quarter, citing high costs to develop flat panel televisions and a shrinking market for home audio goods.
4			defence	system			bae buys it supplier to pentagon bae systems acquires a us firm which provides computer and it systems to the us defence department.
1			talk			td, banknorth in talks on possible deal canada's toronto dominion bank said on wednesday that it is in talks with u.s. based banknorth group bnk.n about a possible deal.
1			talk			harrah 's, caesars in talks to sell casinos harrah 's entertainment inc. and caesars entertainment inc., both of las vegas, have begun talks to sell four casinos to a group led by colony capital llc, according to media reports.
2			football	soccer	fifa	president	cup	game	kick			soccer extravaganza to kick off 2006 world cup world football 's governing body, fifa, will hold an event to mark the opening of the 2006 world cup in germany on the eve of the opening game, the organization 's president, sepp blatter, announced yesterday.
1			party	democrat	election			control of us senate hinges on handful of hard fought contests a handful of nail biter contests could flip control of the us senate to the democrats in the november 2 election, while the house of representatives is expected to remain firmly in the grasp of george w. bush's republican party.
4			copy	technology	protection			sony nixes copy protected cds in japan sony corp. 's japanese music unit says it will no longer sell cds with built in copy protection, a technology it had been pushing for two years.
2			nba	play	russia	season	concern	game	sport			no jazz in russia new york, ny sports network the nba has decided to postpone the pre season game the utah jazz were scheduled to play in russia because of security concerns.
4			technology			search upstart launches new site online search engine upstart vivisimo inc. is setting out to persuade the masses that google inc. 's vaunted technology isn 't the most efficient way to find things on the internet.
2			game			weightlifters test positive for drugs before games five weightlifters tested positive for drugs before the athens olympics and were banned from the games.
3			investor	investment	management	stock			bayer sells plasma unit to us investors bayer ag, the german drug and chemical company, has agreed to sell its plasma products business for $ 590 million in cash and stock to the private us investment groups cerberus capital management and ampersand ventures.
2			game	showdown			bryant is sorry; shaq justhasnothingtosay with their christmas day showdown nine days away, lakers guard kobe bryant and heat center shaquille o neal shared thoughts wednesday on their upcoming reunion game at staples center.
3			stock	share			rogers may seek remainder of its wireless unit shares rogers communications inc. said it will offer about c $ 774 million $ 646 million in stock for the shares it doesn 't own in rogers wireless communications inc.
4			content	standard	software	hardware			hollywood studios endorse toshiba 's hd dvd standard paramount pictures, universal pictures, new line cinema and warner bros. studios will be using the new 30 gb dvd disc format, created by the dvd forum, an international group of hardware and software companies and content providers.
1			talk			dexia, sanpaolo imi confirm talks french belgian bank dexia and italy 's sanpaolo imi both confirmed a report on thursday that they were in talks that could lead to the creation of the eurozone 's fourth largest bank.
4			profit	technology			samsung ousts motorola from no.2 spot, but the profit margin ... samsung electronics, asias largest technology firm with a market cap of $ 67 billion, outstripped motorola ousting the american company from the no.
2			coach			aragones causes more controversy spain coach luis aragones has risked further uproar with an attempt to repair the damage caused by his racist comments about thierry henry.
1			talk			talks on nuke fusion plant end without decision talks on where to build the world's first nuclear fusion reactor ended indecisively on tuesday, while the european union toned down threats to site the plant in france.
4			technology			london acquires its own big apple those wishing to be the first to worship at london 's latest temple of technology will doubtless be huddled in sleeping bags tonight outside the apple store in regent street.
4			speed	amd	ibm	researcher	technology	silicon	gain			ibm, amd speed chips, strain wafers researchers at ibm and advanced micro devices inc. have improved a chip making technology called strained silicon, boosting semiconductor performance at a time when such gains are increasingly hard to come by, the companies said on sunday.
4			use	tool			experts warn about google problems on shared computers it was supposed to be a tool to help people find stuff on their hard drives. but experts are warning that google 's new search engine for computers may leave a person 's personal information at risk if they use shared computers.
2			match	win			ganguly was not sure of a win kolkata, nov 2: if sourav ganguly reacted the way he did when daryl harper ruled jacques kallis not out on wednesday, it probably had something to do with what he thought the match then!
4			user	technology			canadian inventor lets everyone be an armchair spy new internet based technology could soon turn regular computer users into armchair spies, a canadian inventor said on monday.
2			stadium	marlin	team	mike			lowell under contract with marlins through 2007 mike lowell 's contract with the florida marlins is no longer contingent on the team getting a new stadium.
1			parliament	opposition			bennett 's family vows to fight against jail sentence the family of roy bennett, the zimbabwean opposition member of parliament who was jailed yesterday on charges of parliamentary misconduct, says it will appeal against the decision.
4			desktop	tool	system	mac	version			google plans desktop search tool for apple pcs google inc. plans to release a version of its desktop search tool for computers running on the mac operating system from apple computer inc. , google chief executive eric schmidt said on friday.
2			championship			rv city glad to see zook go in rv city, memories of the past are not far away at all. at the mcginnis camper, there 's a 1996 national championship mailbox.
4			cell			help's on the way for bad dates via cell phone the peak time for dates from hell in new york city is friday at 8 p.m. judging by the cell phone calls delivering emergency excuses to bolt. truth is, they're fake rescue calls now being offered by two cell phone providers, cingular wireless and virgin mobile usa.
4			player	software	microsoft	version			microsoft fears changing windows microsoft corp will suffer serious harm if it is forced to provide a version of windows without windows media player audio visual software, its lawyer told a european union court on friday.
4			lab			drug approvals spark mylan labs the pittsburg based generic drugmaker said the food and drug administration has approved its metoprolol tartrate and hydrochlorothiazide tablets, which will compete with the loppressor hct tablets made by the switzerland based novartis.
2			quarterback	sport			sports: gannon out at least six weeks alameda, calif. oakland raiders quarterback rich gannon has a broken vertebrae in his neck and he ll be on the sidelines at least six weeks.
4			design	patent	technology			nokia sues over patent and registered designs nokia, the world 's largest mobile phone maker, this week took legal action against two european manufacturers for allegedly infringing on technology patents and registered designs.
4			microsoft	country	technology			hp, microsoft take tech on the road new yorkhewlett packard co. and microsoft corp. are taking to the road with a new initiative to bring technology to small and midsize businesses in remote parts of the country.
2			baseball	game	team	showdown			170 sign up to speak at baseball hearing like two teams before a big game, supporters and detractors of a plan to bring baseball to the district are preparing their lineups for tomorrow 's showdown before the dc council.
2			general	race			asian firms bridging the tech divide in spain where the frenetic pace of technological change is concerned asia's general dominance in the race to provide the next must have gadget seems only too apparent to many a european.
3			exchange	investment	stock	share			update 2 gold backed security streettracks debuts on nyse a gold backed security named streettracks gold shares made a much hyped debut on the new york stock exchange on thursday, aimed at attracting the investment capital
2			season			rough weekend for big 12 north going into the season, there were many uncertainties about the quality of the big 12 north. and questions remain with missouri, kansas state and nebraska suffering upsets this past week.
4			shareholder	software			peoplesoft's board recommends shareholders reject oracle takeover bid senior executives at business software group peoplesoft unanimously recommended that its shareholders reject a 8.8 billion dollar takeover bid from oracle corp, peoplesoft said in a statement wednesday.
4			user	technology			say hello to yahoo on your handphone real soon the online search giant yahoo wants to make a debut on the small screens of handphone users soon. yahoo has acquired wuf networks, a small start up with technology which aims to let consumers move their songs
1			president			apple announces expansion of euro itunes an apple executive has told reuters that the company will expand its european itunes music store next month. apple vice president eddie cue told the news service that apple plans to cover
4			vendor	technology			alcatel snaps up two us companies french telecommunications equipment vendor alcatel on friday snapped up two us technology firms in acquisitions that will add wireless switching and ip conferencing technology to its portfolio.
3			profit	earnings	james			james hardie earnings to miss estimates on boycott james hardie industries nv, australia 's fourth biggest building materials maker, said full year profit will miss analysts estimates because of boycotts by unions protesting the handling of asbestos compensation.
3			system	shareholder			airbus shareholders ok a350 airbus has received approval from its shareholders, eads and bae systems to begin making firm commercial offers to launch customers for two new members of its wide body family.
3			shareholder			controversial disney boss retiring in 2006 in a move that may have been designed to reassure shareholders, walt disney ceo michael eisner has announced that he will retire from the company when his contract ends in 2006.
4			prime	surface	technology			scansoft scans for deals on the surface, speech technologies make a lot of sense. but it may still be too early for them to make it in prime time.
1			fighting			conway: saga far from over peoplesoft ceo craig conway, who has spent 15 months fighting off oracle's hostile takeover attempt, said his company is digging in for a battle it expects to last many more months.
2			player	victory	injury	game			ireland boss happy with comfortable victory clinton morrison, robbie keane and andy reid struck for ireland and kerr said: we made a lot of chances for 3 0, but i would have settled for that before the game and in the circumstances after losing a lot of players through injuries i am very happy
4			lab	user	country	technology	language	standard			india emerges as innovation hub indian labs churn out technologies to help users in developing countries keep up with the information age even if they can't afford a computer, don't live near a phone or speak a language that can't be typed on a standard keyboard. by manu joseph.
3			sale			jaguar puts brake on production luxury carmaker jaguar is slashing production levels for the rest of this year by 11 to make up for a shortfall in sales. the ford owned car marque is bringing in the cuts a reduction of 15,000 cars as
4			silicon	storage			storage on a chip silicon image 's new lower cost storage appliance should be more palatable to small and midsize businesses. by martin j. garvey.
2			title			germany's kraft stripped of ironman title germany's nina kraft has been stripped of her hawaii ironman title after admitting taking the banned blood boosting substance epo.
4			platform	generation			intel adds sonoma and napa to mobile roadmap intel has showcased the next two generations of its notebook platforms, and revealed how it intends to extend battery life in the future.
4			space	system	nasa	project			nasa needs lockheed savvy despite four major disappointments involving lockheed martin space systems projects in recent years, nasa is unlikely to deny the jefferson county company future contracts, space analysts said.
4			vendor	developer			motorola acquires wireless mesh vendor motorola said tuesday that it will acquire meshnetworks, a developer of 802.11 mesh networks designed to cover areas as large as entire cities.
4			upgrade	networking	access			intel gives centrino chip line a wireless upgrade intel corp. intc.o: quote, profile, research on thursday said it has upgraded the wireless networking capabilities of its centrino line of notebook computer chips to allow broader network access with improved security.
4			technique	ibm	speed			ibm claims to treble chip speed with 'strained breakthrough ibm says that it has developed a technique of using 'strained germanium which, it claims, will triple the performance of commercial chips.
3			investor	earnings	sale	retailer	price			investors weighing consumer spending investors will be looking to consumer spending in the coming week on wall street, as the government releases figures on consumer prices and retail sales and major retailers release earnings reports.
4			system	server	version			vole releases instant messaging server while the mighty vole drags its small paws over operating systems, it 's been far faster off the mark to release another version of its office live communications server.
2			team	cup	tournament	baseball			selig gets three year extension baseball commissioner bud selig received a contract extension through 2009 yesterday as owners praised his 12 year reign, but dissension surfaced among teams in the decision to launch a world cup tournament.
3			share			3 things you must know to be successful a dozen years ago i asked a friend of mine if he would share with me a technical indicator he had invented. he responded, no problem, after i am done with it.
4			system			new palm system targets smart phones palmsource inc. has finally answered the smart phone call.
4			un	cooperation	technology			iran: u.n. uranium program ban 'illegal' iran on sunday denounced as illegal demands from the u.n. atomic watchdog agency that it freeze all work on uranium enrichment a technology that can be used for nuclear weapons and threatened to limit cooperation with the agency if it moves toward sanctions.
3			shareholder			peoplesoft ends fight, accepts oracle 's $ 10.3 bln bid peoplesoft inc. capitulated to oracle corp., accepting a sweetened $ 10.3 billion offer to end an 18 month battle that pitted peoplesoft against its shareholders and led to the ouster of its chief executive.
4			pack	content	enterprise	software	management	code			finjan software warns of ten new vulnerabilities in windows xp sp2 finjan software, the leading provider of proactive secure content management solutions for enterprises, announces today 10 serious security vulnerabilities discovered by finjan 's malicious code research center mcrc in windows xp service pack 2 sp2
1			gain	election			swing states show 2,800 net job loss five key states in the u.s. presidential election lost 37,800 jobs in september, offsetting the gains posted by other states considered critical in the election now 11 days away.
3			profit	retailer	earnings	price			gymboree 3rd quarter earnings slump children's apparel retailer gymboree corp. said on tuesday its third quarter net profit fell sharply as fierce competition with rivals forced it to cut prices and bit into profit margins.
1			president			many lebanese rue president 's term extension influential beirut daily an nahar, which carried an honour roll of the 29 deputies who voted against the extension. ninety six deputies voted in favour of the constitutional amendment, with three absent.
4			hit	technology			electrical giant hits eject on videos once seen as the cutting edge of technology which would change the way we watch television, the video recorder has been usurped by another revolution in home entertainment, the dvd machine.
4			system	linux	vendor			mandrake for the french the french ministry of defense has signed up paris based linux vendor madrakesoft sa and a consortium of companies to develop a highly secure linux operating system for business, defense and government uses.
4			percent	technology			lucent reaches tentative deal with unions lucent technologies inc. said on tuesday it has reached a tentative agreement with the unions representing 10 percent of the telecommunications equipment maker's work force.
2			team	point	race			teams vote for 19 race schedule, test cuts. the latest meeting of minds among the nine teams to have signed the interlagos document detailing cost cutting proposals has resulted in the ideas being carried forward to the point where they will be presented to the formula one commission.
4			system	profit	server			troubled hp server group sees profit in q4 several key executives in that group were fired during the quarter following a botched order processing system migration. hp ceo carly fiorina said the problems with the system have been resolved.
4			user			yahoo follows google; launches web search service for mobiles new york, october 27 global internet media giant yahoo! inc has introduced specialized web search services targeted at the mobile phone users in the us, within weeks of the
4			leader	system	infrastructure	access			citrix acquires net6 for $ 50m citrix systems, inc. a global leader in access infrastructure solutions has announced that it has signed a definitive agreement to acquire privately held net6 inc.
2			championship	ncaa	playoff	football	team			i aa playoff bracket announced the ncaa announced the field of 16 teams competing for the 2004 division i aa football championship on sunday.
4			user			peoplesoft's conway maintains defiant tone with 15,000 attendees at peoplesoft inc.'s connect user show waiting to hear how the company would address oracle corp.'s lingering hostile takeover bid, peoplesoft chief executive officer craig conway tackled the issue early in his opening keynote on tuesday.
2			game			instant analysis: upsets more when a huge upset happens, the easy tendency is to assume that the game was a fluke, that if repeated several times, the result would be drastically different.
3			drop	profit	sale	earnings			lilly profit up on sales of key drugs eli lilly and co. on thursday said its third quarter earnings rose as a drop in sales of its best selling schizophrenia medication was offset by demand for drugs to treat depression and impotence.
4			cell			virtual girl for guys who have been striking out in the love department, a hong kong company has developed a virtual girlfriend for new cell phones with video screens.
2			fan	game			photos: 'halo 2,' the adventure begins thousands of fans wait for hours to pick up the first copies of microsoft's long awaited xbox game sequel.
4			software	microsoft	application	technology			infosys, wipro in pact with microsoft bangalore, nov 15 uni indian it majors infosys technologies and wipro ltd today announced separate agreements with microsoft corp, the world 's largest software maker, to deliver applications and solutions to their global customers based on microsoft
4			priority	hardware			samsung working on tiny drive com september 29, 2004, 6:50 pm pt. with the economy slowly turning up, upgrading hardware has been on businesses radar in the past 12 months as their number two priority.
1			high	reform	election			despite reforms, florida vote may face challenge with hundreds of lawyers mobilizing next month to monitor the presidential election, what are the chances of a remake of the florida 2000 fiasco? probably quite high, election watchers say.
2			game			greek sprinters withdraw from olympics athens, greece aug. 18, 2004 greek sprinters kostas kenteris and katerina thanou pulled out of the athens games on wednesday, nearly a week after they missed a drug test and were later hospitalized following a suspicious motorcycle crash.
3			investment			m a industry weighs fees against size investment banks are in the midst of the annual fight for bragging rights as the biggest dealmakers of the year, but this time the rankings a key factor in winning new business are under intense scrutiny.
2			winner	round	champion	final	russia	cup	sport			sports round up: myskina gets russians on track after early shock french open champion anastasia myskina pulled russia back to 1 1 against defending champions france in the federation cup final after nathalie dechy upset us open winner svetlana kuznetsova 3 6 7 6 8 6.
4			war	piracy	technology			new front: recording of digital broadcasts technologies that let people record satellite and internet radio broadcasts digitally are opening a new front in the recording industry's war on music piracy.
4			system			advanced neuromodulation takes stake in cyberonics advanced neuromodulation systems ansi.o: quote, profile, research on friday said it took an equity stake in cyberonics inc. cybx.o: quote, profile, research and initiated discussions about combining the two companies.
3			holding	enterprise			bharti group forays into agri biz floats 50:50 joint venture ... going farm friendly: lady lynn forester de rothschild, director, elro holdings, being welcomed by mr sunil bharti mittal, chairman group md, bharti enterprises, and mr rakesh b. mittal, joint md, bharti tele ventures, at a press conference in the
4			shareholder	technology	share			infy approves sponsored ads infosys technologies on monday announced that its board of directors approved sponsoring a secondary ads offering the offering , against equity shares held by its existing shareholders in india.
4			software	alternative			nevada's e vote free of serious problems alarmed by software glitches, security threats and computer crashes with atm like voting machines, officials from washington, d.c., to california are considering an alternative from an unlikely place: nevada.
4			software			ex ca chief pleads not guilty to fraud former computer associates international inc. chief executive sanjay kumar pleaded not guilty on thursday to charges of securities fraud and obstruction of justice stemming from a two year investigation into accounting fraud at the software company.
4			tool	wrap	technology			tools wrap: web services, e commerce, xml touted new products to build web services with eclipse, e commerce apps with amazon's technology, and more.
4			share	design	ibm	technology	server			ibm to share technology and designs for new computer bm plans to announce today that it will share the designs and technology for a fast growing line of computers known as blade servers.
3			system	fund	share			courses to help teach you the california public employees retirement system, the largest public us pension fund, has tendered its 1.5 million shares of peoplesoft inc.
4			system	software			sungard will spin off disaster recovery unit sungard data systems inc. plans to split into two companies: one focused on software and processing services and the other on business continuity, availability and disaster recovery services.
3			investor	trading	feature			tomkins in focus in quiet start to london trading an agreed bid for aiports operator tbi was the most notable feature for investors in a flat open to trading in london on wednesday.
4			priority	hardware			nokia debuts new smart phone with the economy slowly turning up, upgrading hardware has been on businesses radar in the past 12 months as their number two priority.
4			team	ibm	kodak	technology			kodak, ibm team up to build image sensors the two companies zoom in on semiconductor technology to help digital cameras and camera phones take better pictures.
4			space	system	storage			seagate announces 400 gbyte harddrive hitachi 's 400 gbyte deskstar got company: seagate announced it is shipping its barracuda 7200.8 to retail stores and system builders, also offering up to 400 gbyte storage space.
4			platform	app	system	bea	development	server	application	project	source			bea adds app server support to beehive bea systems has added the jonas and geronimo application servers as platforms supporting the project beehive open source development initiative.
4			vendor			nortel details plans to lay off 3,250 employees nortel networks corp. will lay off approximately 1,400 employees in the us and about 950 in canada, with those employees to be notified by the end of june 2005, the network equipment vendor said in a regulatory
3			management	gain			ing to sell baring asset management financial group ing has agreed to sell baring asset management to us groups massmutual and northern trust and says it will make a net gain of 250 million euros 176 million pounds on the deal.
4			science			could worsen, study finds the us west, already suffering from a long drought, could be in for worse if past patterns hold up, experts said in the latest issue of the journal science.
4			system	software			sap offers new system security service business software supplier sap is offering customers a new service to ensure the security of their sap systems, the company said on wednesday.
4			user	software	spyware			schwarzenegger signs california anti spyware bill california gov. arnold schwarzenegger signed an anti spyware bill on tuesday banning unauthorized installation of deceptive software that hides in personal computers and secretly monitors user activity.
2			coach	top			graham finally admits he 's coach who turned in thg syringe a mystery at the center of track and field 's biggest doping scandal has finally been solved. top track coach trevor graham has admitted he was the coach who anonymously sent a syringe of thg to the us anti
4			space	system	spacecraft			space station crew change may be delayed the launch of a soyuz spacecraft with new astronauts for the international space station could face a delay of several days so experts can examine a potential docking system problem, the russian federal space agency said wednesday.
2			coach	game			same story for wildcats after a game about as artful as a dime store novel, virginia coach pete gillen turned to literature to express the trying time his no.
4			software	feature	price			first look: small business accounting apps intuit, best software offer new features, prices with 2005 editions.
1			reform			mandelson calls on eu to reform the european union must embrace economic reform, trade commissioner designate peter mandelson warns at the cbi's annual conference.
4			software	application	feature	server			macromedia stretches flex's features the company expands its server software for creating slick interfaces for web applications.
4			application			suntrust cleans house news research fired three executives in its credit division in the wake of an accounting snafu, vowing that a conservative credit culture should never interfere with the application of generally accepted accounting principles.
4			app			review: hi def tv may be pcs' killer app it's been possible for years to watch television on a personal computer, but not many people do. the reasons are simple: mediocre picture and sound quality and the ergonomics of it all. tvs don't need to boot up.
1			leader	election	minister	party	prime	president	jean			canada pm says haiti election must include lavalas canadian prime minister paul martin told haitian leaders on sunday that deposed president jean bertrand aristide 's political party must take part in new elections.
2			coach	sport	club	season			roda will not extend vloet amsterdam, the netherlands sports network dutch club roda jc announced tuesday that coach wiljan vloet will not be back next season.
4			technology			have 25 years of progress helped? at this year's ars electronica, the largest annual festival of technology and art, organizers are focusing on a simple question: have the technological advancements of the last quarter century helped or hurt us? by michelle delio.
2			minute	baseball	talk	player	game			japan players to go on first ever strike japanese baseball players decided to go on strike for the first time in the 70 year history of the local game after last minute talks with the representatives
2			champion			hamm assays gold seeking to put a simmering gymnastics scoring controversy to rest, gold medalist paul hamm said sunday that he is the legitimate olympic all around champion.
2			team	prix			jarno looking to reverse recent form the italian will be pushing 100 for himself and the team at this weekend's belgian grand prix in spa francorchamps.
3			application	database	share			advertising customers get the right message reston based upper quadrant offers a subscription based, web hosted application that enables companies to compile and share marketing information in a central database.
4			ibm	cell	technology	version			sony, ibm, and toshiba reveal additional details on cell chip initial versions of playstation 3 chip will not be produced with a cutting edge chip making technology.
4			cell			sprint set to debut video streaming cell phone channel surfing is moving off the couch as sprint corp...
3			profit	chain	gain			hilton profit almost triples on uk bettors, hotels hilton group plc, the operator of hilton hotels outside the us, said first half profit almost tripled, helped by gains at the ladbrokes betting chain and a recovery in demand for hotel rooms.
4			outsourcing	ibm	technology	morgan			jp morgan kos $ 5 bln ibm outsourcing deal j.p. morgan chase co. , said on wednesday it was scrapping a $ 5 billion outsourcing deal with ibm corp. , amid an overall plan to manage more of its own technology services.
3			trading	stock	share			google shares begin trading on nasdaq shortly before noon today, google inc. stock began trading under the ticker symbol goog on the nasdaq stock market.
3			investor	management	share			major peoplesoft investor won't tender shares decision by private capital management, one of peoplesoft's largest institutional investors, hurts oracle's takeover bid.
3			growth	profit			loan business lifts wells fargo profit wells fargo co. , the no. 4 u.s. bank, on tuesday said third quarter profit rose, helped by loan growth.
2			user	card	sport			man indicted in ebay fraud a san lorenzo man defrauded ebay users of thousands of dollars in auctions for rare mickey mantle and michael jordan sports cards, according to a federal grand jury indictment handed up wednesday in san jose.
3			stock			a smart and sleazy stock striptease go ahead and admit it. you ve flirted before. you may have even been the subject of a naughty little striptease. heck, maybe most of us have.
4			speed	design	patrick	technology	institute	cell			design for living patrick whitney's cell phone drives him crazy. its speed dial settings do not change when he travels to another city. he can't send a message to his online calendar. it makes random calls when it gets squashed in his briefcase. fixing these problems doesn't take new technology, he says, just better design. whitney, 53, is the director of the illinois institute of technology's institute of design, the largest full time graduate school of design in the u.s.
2			play	team			shortstop omar vizquel to play for giants free agent shortstop omar vizquel has agreed to terms with the san francisco giants, the team announced sunday.
4			high	technology			apple supported technologies approved by dvb the digital video broadcasting steering board dvb has approved a revision to its implementation guidelines for audio and video codecs over a broadcast transport stream. the revision includes two technologies supported by apple computer inc., h.264 or advanced video codec avc and high efficiency aac he aac audio codecs.
4			microsoft	technology	language	beta	version			msn 's latest search beta launched microsoft 's quote, chart msn released the latest version of its homegrown search technology on thursday , offering multiple ways to narrow results, including providing local results and natural language search.
3			investor	trading	stock			stocks show mixed results in short session stocks finished mixed in post holiday trading friday as wall street meandered through a shortened session. the major indexes ended the week higher as investors looked forward to the results of the
1			leader			controversy mars eu constitution signing twenty five leaders representing all of the members of the newly expanded european union on friday signed the bloc 's first ever constitution, a document that aims to create a more federal type government in europe.
4			technology	second			3g gets jittery with new super fast rival the latest contender, flash ofdm technology carries data 10 times faster and is cheaper than 3g phone networks. amsterdam: europe 's second largest mobile carrier t mobile said it had started the continent 's
4			system	design	access			caregivers carry virtual clipboard students design mobile data access system for health care workers.
2			play	career			nl notables after randy johnson of the diamondbacks struck out vinny castilla in the seventh for career whiff no. 4,137, play was interrupted momentarily while the scoreboard flashed the statistics.
2			team	prix			bayliss in spat with ducati boss bayliss was reportedly involved in a heated argument in the pits at the german grand prix last month with team boss livio suppo. an uneasy relationship has developed between the former world
4			war	technology			payers want proof for medical treatments in a tug of war over the skyrocketing costs of medical technology, the makers of implantable defibrillators are opposing a plan by medicare to track the health outcomes of patients who get the devices.
2			play			a seer in austria the austrian writer elfriede jelinek has won the 2004 nobel prize in literature. the swedish academy cited her musical flow of voices and countervoices in novels and plays that with extraordinary linguistic
1			president			former viacom chief named to lead sirius mel karmazin, who abruptly quit as president and chief operating officer of viacom earlier this year after a lengthy power struggle with his boss, resurfaced yesterday as the new chief executive of sirius satellite radio.
2			medal	race			brazils lima returns home to heros welcome sao paulo brazil : olympic marathon bronze medallist vanderlei de lima, who was tackled by a spectator while leading the race, came home wednesday to a heros welcome and said he was thrilled to earn a medal even though his fellow brazilians believe he
4			system	ibm	management	server			ibm adds to its blade servers ibm on friday expanded its blade server portfolio with six new systems, new options for attached disk drives, and improved power management.
1			minister	gain	finance			greece admits deficit figures were fudged greece admitted yesterday that the budget figures it used to gain entry to the euro three years ago were fudged. the finance minister, george alogoskoufis, said
2			basketball	team	dream			dream team stunned by puerto rico 92 73 in an upset that was as historic as it was inevitable, the u.s. men's basketball team lost for only the third time ever in the olympics on sunday, 92 73 to puerto rico...
2			player			idc: mp3 market booming market research firm idc on tuesday reported that broad consumer acceptance of mp3 players is expected to grow the market from 12.
4			military	profit	technology			titan posts slightly higher profit titan corp. , which provides technology and translating services to the u.s. military, on wednesday reported a slightly higher quarterly profit.
4			user	microsoft	tool	server	version			microsoft hypes bi, adds reporting tools for end users microsoft unveiled plans wednesday to integrate business intelligence reporting into the next version of sql server, placing new reporting tools in the hands of end users.
4			software	microsoft			microsoft to pay $ 113m to calif. lawyers sep. 17, 2004. a judge is ordering the microsoft to pay $ 112.5 million to attorneys who successfully sued the software maker for monopolizing a segment of california 's market.
2			software	game	title			nintendo says 12 ds games to debut in japan japan's nintendo co. ltd. said on thursday it will make available 12 software titles for its new ds handheld game console when the dual screen machine debuts in japan on dec. 2.
2			coach	england	football			woodward: i m still in charge mystery surrounded sir clive woodward 's future as england coach tonight after he left twickenham following a four hour meeting with senior rugby football union figures.
1			democrat	country	election			group seeks union election spending probe an anti union group is urging the federal election commission to investigate one of the largest unions in the country, claiming the service employees international union unlawfully spent workers' dues to elect democrats in last week's election.
1			opposition			wpp to bid for grey global today wpp and a us buyout firm will submit offers for us ad agency grey global today, while france 's havas faces opposition to its bid from one of
1			opposition			verizon wireless won 't oppose nextel swap verizon wireless on tuesday withdrew its opposition to a plan that would give nextel communications inc. nxtl.o: quote, profile, research valuable new wireless airwaves
1			tension			away on business: islands of refuge today's highly stressed business travelers may need islands of respite to restore the spirit and calm the tensions that build with security checks, crowded flights and navigating a car in unfamiliar territory.
1			president	minister			ministers quit in president row four lebanese ministers have quit the government in protest at a syrian inspired constitutional amendment to keep its protege president emile lahoud in power for another three years.
3			management			unions reject alitalia rescue plan italian trade unions have rejected a rescue plan put forward by alitalia management, intended to turn the airline around with job cuts and a restructured corporate framework.
2			winner	game	race	night			big one early in the big east it may be early in the big east conference race, but the winner of thursday night 's syracuse west virginia game 7:30 pm et, espn will be the favorite and control its own destiny in terms
2			team			midlevel free agents signing with teams while the stars take their time, midlevel free agents are starting to make deals.
2			race			courtesy counts, but drivers outside the chase won 't be giving any ... it was evident when their 10 cars were herded away from their less fortunate brethren by scurrying officials immediately after the cutoff race at richmond international raceway two weeks ago.
4			talk	technology			online search universe is expanding to get an idea of how hot web search is, go talk to raul valdes perez, a carnegie mellon university professor who is leading a search technology start up called vivisimo inc.
4			user	microsoft	software			can microsoft sue open office users? software giant's deal with sun has raised some questions.
1			politics	debate	kerry	election	bush	iraq	good	fool	president			web sites spoof bush and kerry with parodies if you're not ready to feverishly debate iraq or the deficit in this bitterly divisive election year, you can always surf the web, where politics is frequently nothing but a big joke. president bush and challenger john kerry are spoofed as utter fools on the internet daily, usually in good fun.
3			buying	management	retailer	share			banking on christopher banks? management keeps growing and buying back shares even as the retailer struggles.
2			title	championship	point	team	score			japan lifts men 's gymnastics team gold world championships third placers japan took a sweet revenge on monday to claim the men 's gymnasticsteam title at the athens olympics with a total score of 173.821 points.
1			party			belgian far right reborn after court slap belgium's far right vlaams blok formally dissolved itself and relaunched under a new name, after a court ruling banning the party, one of the most successful anti immigrant forces in europe.
4			high	technology			a caution on kids, technology today's young people do not need the technology education they are receiving to be successful in the 21st century, and there are growing indications that the high tech lifestyle promoted by government and business may be harmful to them, a new report scheduled for release today concludes.
4			use	development			health highlights: sept. 13, 2004 here are some of the latest health and medical news developments, compiled by editors of healthday: hearings begin on antidepressant use in children two u.s. food and drug administration advisory panels opened hearings monday on the controversial issue of prescribing antidepressants for children...
1			minister			france to install 1,000 businesses in china the french government plans to install 1,000 businesses next year in china, declared french junior minister of foreign trade francois loos on tuesday.
4			use	standard			group cites e voting problems the record use of electronic voting machines on nov. 2 led to hundreds of voting irregularities and shows the need for higher standards, a voting rights group said thursday.
4			technology			driving hard into the future of tv there is never a right time to buy technology. something cheaper, faster and better specified will be on the market before you have even got your product out of its box.
4			science			dutch professor gets swedish science prize a dutch professor became the first recipient of a new swedish science prize in the field of medical education research, the awarding body said monday.
2			point	fan	sport	talk			clark: weekend fights prove need for division of sports fans ... for some reason, noon just comes way too early, and making it to campus is a struggle. i thought one of my professors was going to be a stickler about it and dock me some points, but i had a talk with him to calm him down.
2			point	good	game			no news is good news on athens security front the 17 day olympic games passed the halfway point this weekend, and the best news on the security front was that there was no news at all.
4			player	system	content	generation			first look: nokia preminet the next generation in content ... entering a market where there are already several well established players nokias preminet open service model solution is being heralded as the next generation of content delivery systems for wireless devices.
4			system	low	server			dell shows new small business servers systems, which start as low as $ 500, don't require advanced it skills.
2			play			u.s. board close to backing a bidder for ata airlines the federal loan board that was created to oversee an airline industry bailout is about to play a key role in determining the next phase of industry competition.
4			technology	management	vendor	storage			stk grabs storage management vendor tape storage king storagetek puts new pressure on the storage management market with an acquisition. by martin j. garvey. storage technology corp.
3			chain	sale			chain store sales slipped latest week u.s. chain store retail sales slipped during the thanksgiving holiday week, as consumers took advantage of discounted merchandise, a retail report said on tuesday.
2			salary	game	cub	season			sosa fined 87,400 for last game bolt sammy sosa was fined 87,400 one day's salary for arriving late and leaving early at the cubs' regular season finale at wrigley field.
4			user			court tosses verisign suit vs. overseers a federal judge dismissed an antitrust complaint against a key internet oversight group brought by a company that controls directories for guiding internet users worldwide.
4			user	software	system			intel and linksys deliver simpler wi fi software intel corp. and linksys, a division of cisco systems inc., yesterday announced the delivery of software that the companies hope will simplify the deployment of wi fi networks for residential and small business users.
4			tool	source			reducing information overkill vivisimo has launched clusty, a meta search engine with an impressive array of tools that helps you quickly find relevant results from a variety of information sources.
4			software			oracle extends takeover offer for peoplesoft business software group oracle corp. said it had extended a hostile takeover offer for peoplesoft by two weeks to november 5.
4			software			peoplesoft relents, agrees to oracle bid peoplesoft inc. on monday agreed to a sweetened $ 10.3 billion buyout by rival software maker oracle corp., relenting after a bitter, 18 month takeover saga marked by personal insults, courtroom battles and the ouster of peoplesoft's chief executive.
4			system	processor	amd	core			amd to demo 8 socket dual core opteron box amd will make the first public demonstration of a system build out of its dual core processors today, the result of a strategy first made public almost a year ago.
4			user	system			users hamper information security employees still pose the biggest corporate security threat, while it systems are the main corporate security focus, reports audit and business advisory firm ernst young in its latest global information security survey.
2			champion	race	prix			bayliss tips rossi for big race world champion valentino rossi will be unbeatable in sunday 's australian motorcycle grand prix, according to australian troy bayliss.
1			minister			nz removes birth residency right new zealand is to amend its laws so that babies born there to non resident parents do not automatically receive citizenship. internal affairs minister george hawkins says of the 57,000 babies born each year
2			game	sale			slew of multiplayer options helps halo 2 fulfill hype halo 2, which went on sale in november, shattered video game sales records, but does it live up to the hype? yes. and in spades.
4			priority	high	technology	access			san francisco aims to bridge digital divide san francisco bridging the digital divide that separates the technology literate from people who don 't have access to computers is high on san francisco mayor gavin newsom 's list of priorities.
4			hardware	pack	infrastructure	series	application			1 in 10 not so lucky with xp service pack written by net 4 nowt assetmetrix, an on demand it assetintelligence service, today announced a series of new reports that identify specific applications and hardware within a corporate infrastructure that may no longer work properly after the
4			software	enterprise			commission to approve oracle take over of peoplesoft the european commission is expected today to approve us based enterprise software firm oracle 's hostile take over of rival peoplesoft.
2			play	nba	game			mourning plays for first time since kidney transplant playing in an nba game for the first time since a kidney transplant was like riding a bike for alonzo mourning. once he was on the court, the veteran center looked like he had never left.
4			user	system			cisco names crs 1 users cisco systems, inc. nasdaq:csco news , today announced that several global carriers and research networks are now deploying and trialing the cisco crs 1 carrier routing system as a key
4			design			venerable yacht builder tries to regain sea legs palmer johnson hopes to regain its former glory by introducing a sleek new motor yacht design and concentrating on building boats.
3			growth			dell's q3 results set company records dell continued to outpace the rest of the it industry during its third quarter, with strong growth in shipments, revenue and net income.
2			player	ryan	game	football			his confidence has kicked in ryan ohliger fondly remembered how he used to come to mountaineer field to watch the football games of his big brother, jon , a former west virginia kicker. he also remembered how he used to delight in sitting among the leather lunged west virginia students who always unleashed a verbal barrage on opposing players.
3			investment	stock	share			asian stocks head south on wall street asian shares dipped on thursday, as tech shares followed u.s. counterparts lower after an influential investment bank downgraded the sector.
3			investment			new german business wave in asia takes shape volkswagen ag 's announcement this week that it has forged a new partnership deal with malaysian carmaker proton comes as a strong euro and europe 's weak economic performance triggers a fresh wave of german investment in asia.
2			team	coach	football			he 's nd 's darling now, but jobs at football factories are risky maybe i m out of the loop, but i don 't remember when it was normal for a football coach to work for two teams at the same time.
3			growth			businesses keep q3 pc growth on track pc shipments have started to ease off, as expected, but the worldwide pc market remained fairly strong in the third quarter, according to research from idc and gartner.
4			software			software disasters are often people problems new software at hewlett packard co...
3			play	shareholder	stock	share			omnicare makes another play for neighborcare covington based omnicare said wednesday that it has extended its tender offer a takeover bid publicly inviting shareholders to sell their stock for all outstanding shares of neighborcare through sept.
4			system			solaris 10: sun struts its stuff, details new opportunities san jose, executives took attendees for a trip down memory lane monday as they unveiled the company 's upcoming solaris 10 operating system.
4			human	suite	upgrade	management	application	version			peoplesoft updates hr suite peoplesoft nasdaq: psft has announced a suite wide upgrade of its human resources management applications, the first such revision in two years. the new release, version 8.9, includes over 250 individual changes and improvements, according to the company.
4			user			cluster workstations bring supercomputing to power users desks santa clara, california start up orion multisystems is trying to take the benefits of supercomputers and put them into a workstation for power users.
2			play	game			canadian flagbearer gill bids hasty exit from olympic judoka event athens cp montreal's nicolas gill will now play the role of spectator at the summer games.
4			user	content			sonicwall releases stand alone content filtering device sonicwall inc. is introducing a stand alone content filtering appliance for businesses with between 50 and 1,000 users.
4			software			oracle buys peoplesoft for $ 10.3 billion peoplesoft inc. on monday agreed to a sweetened $ 10.3 billion buyout by rival software maker oracle corp., relenting after a 18 month takeover saga that included the ouster of peoplesoft 's chief executive.
4			software	sale	version			urchin releases asp version of web analytics software urchin releases asp version of web analytics software urchin software corporation today released urchin 6 on demand, an asp version of its popular web analytics and marketing intelligence software. the urchin 6 asp service provides an integrated approach to attracting quality traffic, increasing sales and conversions and retaining customers. organizations wishing ...
2			champion	medal	title	sport			hamilton 's gold medal safe tyler hamilton will keep his title as an olympics cycling champion, but he faces an uphill climb to restore his reputation and avoid a ban from his sport.
2			stadium	game			new york bid for olympic gold tarnished by battle of the titans new yorks rush to build an olympic stadium has provoked a clash between the citys billionaire mayor and a multimillionaire cable television tycoon that has thrown the big apples bid for the 2012 games into jeopardy.
2			league	race	baseball	game	sport			xm, baseball in $ 650m, 11 year deal xm satellite radio will carry major league baseball games under a $ 650 million, 11 year deal announced wednesday, the latest move in a costly race with rival sirius satellite radio to sign personalities and sports leagues as a way of winning customers.
4			use	tool	trick			search engine friendly blog urls and other word tricks search engine friendly blog url's and other word tricks when writing a blog, particularly for the first time, the last thing many bloggers consider is the use of search engine friendly sef blog url's. sef blog url's are an important tool for driving traffic to your blog utilising the billions of ...
4			play	software			microsoft's xbox live usage takes off in asia one in seven asian xbox video gamers plays on the internet just six months after the regional launch of microsoft's xbox live internet software, a company executive said on wednesday.
4			user			the end user: bluetooth now lives up to hype paris when i first heard the word bluetooth in 1998, the page one editor of this newspaper asked for my studied opinion as to whether it was a big deal.
4			app	server	standard	application	price	version			oracle micro sizes app prices for small businesses it 's pushing its application server standard edition one, a full sized version of the standard edition app server, but priced at $ 4,995.
3			profit	stock			stocks sag on sub par canadian gdp and sliding us consumer ... negative economic indicators helped send stock markets lower tuesday while two more big canadian banks reported quarterly profits.
3			investment	holding			singapore gov 't arm releases report the singapore government 's investment arm, temasek holdings, released a public annual report tuesday for the first time since its inception three decades ago, shedding some light on its long secretive operations.
3			system	earnings			eds again postpones q3 earnings report a review of its navy marine corps intranet nmci contract has forced services provider electronic data systems eds to again postpone its financial report for its third fiscal quarter.
4			user	series	tool	software	linux	feature	application			creating animated screenshots on linux this is a cool little feature i've been wanting for a while now. every once in a while i'll develop some cool feature in some software that i'm writing and want to show off a screenshot. the only problem is that without showing how it interacts with the user i can't demo the features raw power. an animated screenshot would solve this but no existing screenshot tools support animated gif output. it turns out that 'convert' from imagemagick supports. ksnapshot can be used to grab the screens and 'convert' can stitch them together. heres what you do: startup ksnapshot and take a series of snaps from your application. each snapshot should be an independent frame in the series. save ...
2			movie	game			half life 2's real battle if the video game industry is beginning to rake in revenue that rivals the movie industry, it's also beginning to accumulate hollywood like headaches.
1			party			czechs recall velvet revolution the 15th anniversary of the velvet revolution that toppled the communist party is marked by czechs.
4			infrastructure	upgrade	software	hardware			antispam campaign bites the dust while its neighbors, software infrastructure and hardware upgrades, switched places this month, security held its spot at number three.
4			standard	microsoft	mail	technology			ietf panel deals setback to microsoft 's spam proposal an antispam technology proposed by microsoft corp. as a standard way of identifying the senders of e mail messages suffered a blow this month when a group within the
3			good			fla. supreme court puts nader on ballot ralph nader is back on florida's ballot probably for good this time.
2			expectation	sport			singer: underachieving costs bowa expectations come with a noose. in a sport where the need to live one day at a time is always reinforced, not living up to long range projections often tightens that noose.
3			listing	stock			ebay expanding into online rental listings ebay inc. said friday it has agreed to acquire the online rental listing company for $ 415 million, consisting of $ 385 million in ebay stock and $ 30 million cash.
1			reform			china vows to push for rapid reform of aviation industry zhuhai, china : china will push for a rapid reform of its aviation industry to meet the demands of its fast growing economy and to boost competitiveness, a senior official said at an aerospace forum in this southern chinese city.
3			investor	broker	share			abn amro leads european shares higher european shares opened firmer on thursday led by abn amro as investors applauded the savings the dutch broker will make from cutting jobs.
4			computing			china's lenovo to buy ibm's pc business china's lenovo group ltd. has agreed to acquire ibm's personal computing division for $ 1.25 billion in cash and equity, a move expected to transform it into the world's no. 3 pc maker.
2			game	president			ipc president upbeat about athens paralympics phil craven, head of the international paralympic committee ipc told a press conference he was very upbeat about the games.
4			ibm	amd	technology			amd and ibm work together to improve chip performance advanced micro devices amd and international business machines ibm have developed a new technology that they claim will deliver higher performance margins, from their latest microprocessors, with dual stress liner technology.
2			science	game			underneath the competition, sportsmanship ethic prevails many athletes exude ideals of games, from embraces in the pool to a fencing timeout. by mark sappenfield staff writer of the christian science monitor.
4			platform			asem forum to promote co operation between continents hanoi: eight years after its inception, the asia europe meeting asem is moving towards becoming a strong platform for promoting more tangible co operation between the two continents.
3			profit			update 3: lufthansa posts third quarter profit german airline lufthansa posted a 125 million euro $ 155 million net profit in the third quarter, more than making up losses from a year ago thanks to stronger demand for air travel, the company said thursday.
3			management			continental air to cut 425 jobs continental airlines inc. plans to eliminate about 425 management and clerical jobs, and wage cuts may be next if the revenue picture does not improve, the no. 5 u.s. carrier said on thursday.
3			investor	share			last call for investors to bid on google time is running out for prospective investors to submit their offers to buy shares of google inc, the web's no. 1 search company.
4			platform	software	developer	code	source			black duck 's protexip safer open source code usage open source can immediately prompt the words law suit in some peoples minds, but black duck have introduced a software platform that helps developers catch and resolve potential intellectual property disputes.
4			technology	price			micron strikes deal with us in price fixing probe micron technology inc., the world 's no. 2 maker of computer memory chips, struck a deal with the us justice department to shield it from sanctions after a probe found some employees engaged in price fixing.
4			piracy	ibm	software	technology			compuware accuses ibm of ambush tactics compuware corp. is accusing ibm of attempting to sandbag it with new evidence just three months before the software company's piracy claim against the technology giant is to go to trial.
2			pitcher	jay	top	season	player	sport			halladay, delgado top rankings it may not have shown in the standings, but it showed up in the stats. the last place blue jays had the top ranked pitcher and position player in the major leagues last season, according to the elias sports bureau.
4			user	suite			yahoo builds new mobile portal yahoo! has announced the debut of a new suite of search services for mobile users at the ctia conference. this new search offering enables mobile consumers to search for local information, images and web resources on mobile devices.
1			talk			boeing and airbus clash the us and the eu have agreed to hold further talks in order to avoid legal action in the trade dispute over government support for airbus and boeing.
1			election			the dangers of playing hardball the month of november in a us presidential election year is not supposed to be particularly eventful, but this year may be an exception, in the light of the gathering storm over
2			game	walk			nintendo honored by walk of game nintendo did particularly well in a recent poll ran by walk of game . with shigeru miyamoto winning a lifeti. walk of game, the first physical landmark honouring the icons and pioneers of the videogame industry
1			parliament	election	party	presidency	victory			ruling party retains namibia presidency namibia 's ruling party retained the presidency and its two thirds majority in parliament in a landslide victory in last week 's elections, officials said sunday.
3			retailer			amazon buys into growing chinese online retail market , the world 's biggest online retailer, is to buy chinese rival for about $ 75m in a deal that will give it a substantial presence in china 's growing internet market.
2			game			doping casts shadow over olympics again five weightlifters were banned from the olympics after failing drugs tests, officials said on thursday, as doping scandals continued to dominate the first week of the games.
4			enterprise	alternative	software	source			enterprises warm up to open source enterprises are opening up to open source alternatives to commercial software, panelists said at the sdforum conference open source entering the mainstream, held in santa clara, calif., last week.
2			cell	team			at wireless show, wimax gets a nod from intel chipmaker teams up with cell phone pioneer craig mccaw. also, palmone's latest treo, and tv for the mobile set.
4			development	generation			idf intel seeks role in development of the next internet to handle the demands of the next generation internet, a new layer of intelligent nodes and services needs to grow over the existing internet structure, said intel corp.
1			party	standard	election			e. german voters turning to fringe groups parties on the fringes of germany's political spectrum have been given an eager reception in the depressed east ahead of state elections this weekend, luring voters with a mix of xenophobic standards and new complaints over plans to reduce much needed benefits.
4			system			cendant to acquire gullivers travel for $ 1.1 billion cendant corp., which owns days inn hotels and avis rent a car systems inc., agreed to buy the uk 's gullivers travel associates and octopus travel group ltd.
4			development	generation			intel keeps moore 's law on track contradicting fears that the semiconductor industry 's pace of development is slowing, intel corporation has announced it has achieved a milestone in shrinking the size of transistors that will power its next generation chips.
4			system			electronic back seat driver system to be tested drivers may soon have no excuse for ignoring road signs.
4			processor	microsoft	single	developer	server	application	version			vmware previews virtual server hoping to keep the heat on archrival microsoft, vmware on wednesday will give developers a glimpse of an early version of its virtual smp product that allows a single virtual machine to work with as many as four processors, which in turn can more effectively drive mission critical applications.
4			integration	system	discovery			nokia and land rover offfer advanced handsfree solution nokia and land rover have jointly developed a personal telephone integration pti system, an integrated automotive communications solution for land rover vehicles such as the new discovery 3 and range rover.
4			software			oracle vows 'oversupport' for peoplesoft customers business software maker oracle corp. on tuesday promised to do everything it can to keep peoplesoft inc.'s giant customer base, whose departure could threaten the financial success of its proposed 9.2 billion takeover of peoplesoft.
1			president			disney pay off case sets a precedent for us firms there was room for only 50 people in the tiny georgetown, delaware, courtroom last week to hear walt disneys former president describe bitterly how his 14 month tenure ended.
4			alternative			us seizes independent media sites the fbi has shut down some 20 sites which were part of an alternative media network known as indymedia.
3			shareholder	gain			australian dollar may gain on xstrata bid for wmc resources the australian dollar may gain after switzerland based xstrata plc bid a $ 7.4 billion $ 5.8 billion for wmc resources ltd., stoking speculation it will have to buy dollars to pay shareholders.
3			investor	growth	profit	stock	worry			stocks off as employment data disappoints stocks slipped on monday, reversing an early rally, after disappointing u.s. employment data rekindled investor worries about weak economic growth and lackluster corporate profits.
1			leader	politics	good	election			popular discontent stirs political awakening in hong kong it 's often been said that hong kong people are interested in money, not politics, but upcoming legislative elections may bury that notion for good as angry residents turn out to send their leaders a message.
4			broadband	technology			symbol joins wimax wireless broadband group symbol technologies follows cisco, which also recently joined the wimax forum.
2			play	player	game	feature			nintendo to bring music, video to ds game machine nintendo co. will begin selling an adaptor for its ds and game boy advance handheld game players to allow them to play music and video, the company said, matching a popular feature on sony's portable game machine. p
4			management	patch	vendor			vars, vendors seize patch management opportunity the delayed arrival of windows update services is giving vars and patch management vendors a chance to cash in.
2			league	team	series	baseball	coach			car accident can't keep coach away randy hien has spent more than two decades managing little league baseball, and he wasn't going to miss the lincoln r.i. all stars team's trip to the little league world series, even though a recent car accident nearly killed him.
4			suite	system	software	investment	application			ford kills everest procurement software system despite four years in production and an investment of millions of dollars, ford motor co. is pulling the plug on a major procurement software system built around oracle corp. 's 11i e business suite of applications.
1			leader	airway			us airways pilots reject wage and benefit cuts leaders of the us airways pilots' union rejected a bid to have pilots vote on a proposal by the airline for $ 295 million in wage and benefit cuts.
4			microsystems	technology	licensing			nokia, vodafone partner on mobile service architecture nokia and vodafone, in conjunction with sun microsystems, would define the licensing framework of the initiative, while the role of creating and licensing the technology compatibility
3			growth			murdoch pledges australian growth news corporation would continue to grow its publishing business in australia following the company 's move to the us, chairman and chief executive rupert murdoch stressed yesterday.
4			investment	technology			prominent investment banker gets jail term frank quattrone, considered the most prominent investment banker of the 1990s technology boom, has been sentenced to 18 months in prison.
4			user	software	spyware			for first time, us govt cracks down on spyware installers the us government has moved for the first time to block unsolicited circulation on the internet of spyware, a type of software that can inundate web users with pop up ads, secretly take control of their computers and spy on their online activities.
4			leader	system			call for inquiry into benefits computer crash union leaders today called for an inquiry into a massive computer crash which disabled the government 's benefits system, forcing civil servants to write out giro cheques by hand.
4			technology			intel to make chips with 65nm process technology intel, world 's largest chip maker, faced product delays and recalls throughout this year, but it seems that intel has gotten their act together to produce 65nm chips in the near future.
4			standard	researcher			nitromed heart failure drug helps blacks study in the first major trial to test a drug only in blacks, an experimental drug developed by nitromed inc. added to standard therapy helped heart failure patients live significantly longer, researchers on monday said.
4			grid	database	integration	computing	version			update: openworld notebook database, grid control, integration improved oracle at the openworld conference on tuesday is making several product rollouts, including a new version of its database and grid computing enhancements.
1			fighting			network fighting huge janet fine tv network cbs fights the record $ 500,000 fine imposed following janet jackson's breast baring incident.
4			creator	file	trading	technology			napster star changes his tune napster creator shawn fanning, who turned the music industry on its head with his file trading technology, has re emerged with a new company that hopes to facilitate agreements between peer to peer services and the record companies, making it easier for
2			cent	team	holding	series	sport			ecclestone counters courts with cash offer. bernie ecclestone has attempted to shrug off monday 's court ruling, which found in favour of the three banks holding a 75 per cent stake in formula one, by making a substantial cash offer to the sport 's ten teams in an attempt to prevent a breakaway series
2			athletics	game			awol drug test stars charged world athletics chiefs yesterday formally charged greek sprinters kostas kenteris and katerina thanou with missing drugs tests on the eve of the olympic games.
3			holding			protesters seek resignations after fire thousands of argentines angered over safety lapses at a nightclub where a fire killed 183 people, many of them teenagers, marched through capital streets monday holding pictures of the victims and demanding the resignations of key city officials.
3			finance			suntrust axes 3 finance execs, to restate suntrust banks inc. , the no. 7 u.s. bank, on wednesday said it fired three finance executives, including its chief credit officer, after finding numerous errors in how much to set aside for bad loans.
2			night	sport			irish equestrian body 's office burglarized; horse sample stolen ireland 's equestrian federation said its offices were broken into last night, hours after the international federation for equestrian sports said a sample from the horse waterford crystal
4			technology			hypertransport consortium announces htx spec hypertransport technology consortium announced today that is has approved htx, the industry 's first hypertransport technology expansion connector specification.
1			talk	country			emerging india set for special eu partnership once written off as the poor cousin of asian powerhouse china, india is to open talks today to forge a strategic partnership with the european union, a status so far restricted to just five big countries.
4			scientist	technology	institute			now, a cellphone that can advice you! two massachusetts institute of technology scientists are developing a cellphone that is so smart it can tell what you think and even predict your next move.
3			exchange	profit	game	sale			nintendo returns to profit in first half nintendo co. returned to profit in the first half of the fiscal year from the same period a year ago as the japanese video game maker erased foreign exchange losses and earned more from game sales.
4			software	team			vodafone, nokia team up for simpler mobile software mobile phone giants vodafone and
4			alternative	technology	pittsburgh			vivisimo launches pittsburgh based alternative search engine vivsimo has unveiled , a full service search site powered completely by the company 's clustering technology.
3			trading	enterprise			trading losses at chinese firm coming to light the disclosure this week that a singapore listed company controlled by a chinese state owned enterprise lost $ 550 million in derivatives transactions
1			talk			bbc, media giants in talks over worldwide unit the bbc confirmed on wednesday it had held talks with media companies including time warner, bertelsmann and walt disney about its commercial subsidiary
2			play	fan	team			usc ucla notebook: killeen comes through in the clutch for the ... if usc was going to have an off day in special teams play, fans would be quick to predict it would be their third year kicker as the culprit.
1			president			hu praises brazil for recognizing china 's market economy status visiting chinese president hu jintao said friday that he appreciates brazil 's announcement of recognizing china 's market economy status.
4			copyright	piracy	kazaa	system	file	technology	developer			industry claims kazaa copyright pirate an australian federal court has been told that sharman networks, the developer of file swapping technology kazaa, is the largest music piracy system ever seen.
3			retailer			crabtree evelyn connects to amazon using web services crabtree evelyn, a leading retailer of beauty products, recently joined 's new beauty products category of online retail channels.
4			system	investment			mind the gap time is running out increased life expectancy, higher taxes, falling investment returns and government tinkering have all contributed to the mess our pensions system is in today.
2			champion	cup	team			ecuador shock brazil defending world cup champion brazil suffered another setback in south american qualifying on wednesday, while two time champion argentine held off a stubborn venezuela 3 2 to take over first place in the 10 team group.
4			design			hp dropping workstations with intel chip hewlett packard co. will no longer sell computer workstations using the intel itanium chip, which the two giant tech companies worked together to design.
1			politics	fan			double act can bring old firm fans back tommy burns appointment as walter smith 's assistant had nothing to do with politics and everything to do with him being the right man.
1			cabinet	politics	high	nation			huang to push for a research institution eugene huang is an introvert who's on an extended lecture circuit, a high level government official who dislikes politics and, as of oct. 1, one of the youngest state cabinet secretaries in the nation.
3			management			germany 's volkswagen workers stage warning strikes workers at germany 's automobile giant volkswagen vw have staged warning strikes in the on going wage dispute with the management.
3			fund	profit	stock			merrill survey of fund managers finds them more pessimistic, risk averse global fund managers have become increasingly risk averse and significantly more pessimistic about corporate profits and the us stock market, according to the latest monthly merrill lynch co. inc. survey.
3			player	chain			disney reaches deal for beleaguered retail chain the children 's place retail stores inc. announced wednesday it will buy the walt disney co. 's flagging retail chain in an effort to become a bigger player in the infant to preteen market.
2			game			the woz has got game apple computer co founder steve wozniak joins advisory board of start up eye games.
4			high	speed	technology			wireless technology to rival cable, dsl intel an emerging wireless communications technology called wimax, which can blanket entire cities with high speed internet connections, will rival dsl and cable as the preferred way to connect homes and businesses to the internet, intel corp. said on tuesday.
4			system	supply			new york announces new system to process families seeking shelter a streamlined process supplies beds and social workers more quickly and eliminates the system's rundown gateway in the bronx.
1			race	election			n.c. elections board oks most results the state elections board certified nearly all results from the nov. 2 election on tuesday, but withheld approval of the outcome of two statewide races that are the subject of protests.
1			president			ovitz fell out with eisner from start michael ovitz, the former hollywood powerbroker, yesterday said the first cracks appeared in his stormy relationship with walt disney chief and former boss michael eisner even before his appointment as president of the company was announced in 1995.
4			software			peoplesoft's ex chief says he misspoke to analysts craig a. conway said that he did not lie in 2003 but had simply not been clear when he suggested that all pending software orders had been completed.
3			ipo	growth	investor			hyper growth hot ipo inphonic finally made its public debut amid insatiable investor demand for ipos.
1			president	election			mozambique votes to elect successor to chissano mozambique used canoes and helicopters to ferry ballot papers to remote rural districts for wednesday 's election to pick a successor to president joaquim chissano who spent 18 years in office.
4			leader	software			software maker 's chief out business software maker peoplesoft inc. unexpectedly fired ceo craig conway, dumping the feisty leader who engineered the company 's dogged resistance to oracle corp.
2			microsoft	team	system	software	cup	game	sport			xbox and ea sports to stage interactive world cup microsoft corp. msft 's xbox video game system will team up with software maker electronic arts inc...
3			growth	management			input predicts growth in knowledge management a new report predicts that the federal market for knowledge management solutions will grow by almost one third in the next five years to more than $ 1.
1			president			peru wants intl court to take on fujimori case peru should call in the international court of justice to rule on its request for the extradition of former president alberto fujimori from japan, state attorney nelly calderon said on sunday, expressing frustration at japan's failure to act so far.
4			user	database	growth	enterprise	system	linux	server	application			strong growth for linux servers end user adoption of linux servers for enterprise workloads hosting isv applications and databases is ramping up rapidly, with newly published data indicating that uptake of the operating system has doubled over the past year.
2			league	nation	team	baseball	stadium			baseball in washington in jeopardy washington's new baseball team shut down business and promotional operations indefinitely wednesday as its move to the nation's capital teetered on the brink of collapse. the decision by major league baseball followed the d.c. council's decision tuesday to require private financing for at least half the cost of building a new stadium.
3			enterprise	access			linking remote sme workers to their office networks kuala lumpur: juniper networks inc has introduced solutions that it claimed would provide small and medium enterprises smes with a secure, cost effective and easy to deploy method for remote employees to access corporate networks.
4			system	software	technology	development	tokyo			cisco to open tokyo r center cisco systems plans to set up a research and development center in tokyo, focusing on internet software and routing technologies, a move that follows a growing number of major companies seeking r abroad.
4			system	software	mac	version			mac os x update fixes some problems, creates others apple nasdaq: aapl has updated its unix based mac os x operating system to version 10.3.6. the software release, issued friday, is apple's first incremental update to os x in almost two months.
3			sale			the cd is king sales of downloaded digital music in europe will continue to grow steadily in the next five years, but will not replace the cd anytime soon.
2			nfl	game	sport			the review it 's easy to spot espn nfl 2k5 on the shelf: it 's the one that 's $ 20, making it the least expensive sports video game available for playstation2 and xbox.
4			cell	application	fuel			hitachi, toshiba unveil fuel cells hitachi ltd. and toshiba corp. unveiled this week new fuel cell prototypes for a range of applications that could be commercialized as early as next year.
2			winner	run	coach	cup	game			klinsmann hoping for another success since taking over as coach from rudi voeller, juergen klinsmann has not lost a game with germany and the world cup winner is hoping to continue that run against cameroon on wednesday in leipzig.
4			virus	software	application	developer			news: mcafee av ate my application an australian software developer has been left fuming after the latest virus definition update from mcafee caused his package to be wrongly identified as a trojan horse programme.
4			microsoft	software	technology	use	movie	access			picture 3 of 8: microsoft's new media center push software maker heads to la to show off a host of gadgets that use one or another microsoft technology to access movies, music and video.
4			play	system			putting home theater in every room you have a fancy home entertainment system that can record and play tv programs, dvds, show digital photos, and tap into your collection of digital music.
2			football	club			disaffected megson is shown exit by albion gary megson has termed west bromwich albion the most political football club ive ever known and the job description is likely to gloss over the fractured dressing room, boardroom
3			chain	licensing			disney finds buyer of retail chain secaucus, nj disney has a deal to sell its retail chain in north america to children 's place. the long sought agreement includes a licensing pact allowing children 's place to operate the 313 stores under the disney store brand name.
4			attack	worm	microsoft	enterprise	virus	software	feature	version			mcafee releases virusscan with intrusion prevention antivirus software company mcafee inc. said on monday that a new version of its virusscan enterprise software contains so called intrusion prevention features that can protect computers from attacks such as buffer overflows, which are often used by viruses, worms and malicious hackers to compromise vulnerable microsoft corp. windows machines.
2			player	cavalier	team			a proud father one of the most dynamic players on the cavaliers team, darryl blackstock, makes sure that he takes care of his 15 month old son.
3			dow	retailer	gain	sale			update: australia 's foodland net up 19 on asset sales perth dow jones buoyed by one off gains from the sale of property assets and a new zealand department store business, australasian retailer foodland associated ltd.
2			denver	game	team	season			sunday, september 12, 2004 questions answered heading into the first game of a new season, every team has question marks. but in 2004, the denver broncos seemed to have more than normal.
2			medal	team			even greek grandmas root for the home team in 2000, greece brought home 13 medals. the greek olympic committee hopes to double that number.
4			tool	technology	institute			drive to be the coolest puts pcs on cutting edge kawika uechi of cambridge hacks computers, literally. his favorite tool is an electric rotary handsaw made by dremel, with a blade that slices neatly through the thin metal of a computer case. but when he was a student at the massachusetts institute of technology, uechi also used the school's water jet cutter, a supersonic water pistol that can rip through hardened ...
2			nation	score	cricket	second	sport			dravid first to score centuries in 10 test playing nations: sports india, cricket: chittagong, dec 17 : consistent rahul dravid friday became the first batsman to smash a test century in all 10 test playing nations when he scored his 18th ton in the second test against bangladesh here.
2			denver	tour	sport			denver will do the dew action sports tour, that is denver will host hordes of skaters, motocross riders and bikers next summer as one of five cities presenting the first dew action sports tour.
4			processor	technology			alienware breaks performance barrier with 4ghz cpus excess heat generated by elevated processor performance is controlled by alienware 's exclusive ultra quiet liquid cooling technology, which cools components with specially formulated liquid and gold plated, pure copper coolers.
3			enterprise			mforma spins spidey a wireless web mforma has inked a multi year, multi level agreement with marvel enterprises to bring the likes of spider man, x men, blade, ghost rider and more to the world of wireless.
4			user	system			americans using online reputation systems a quarter of online americans have taken advantage of one of the internet's true powers: the ability to let users collectively decide whether to trust a product, service or individual.
4			technology	networking	win	developer	cell			motorola acquiring wireless networking firm meshnetworks motorola inc. is acquiring meshnetworks inc., developer of a technology that makes it easy to set up and expand wireless networks, in a deal expected to help the world's no. 2 cell phone maker win more government business.
4			mouse	user	hardware	microsoft	reader			microsoft puts fingerprint readers into hardware microsoft corp. on wednesday unveiled a new array of keyboard and mice, with some featuring built in fingerprint readers to make it easier for users to log on to personal computers and web sites.
3			profit	sale	season			sony warning on christmas sales sony warns that it does not expect profits at its home electronics business to recover in the normally busy christmas season.
4			tool	inventory	system			7 11 rolls out hp inventory system convenience store operator 7 eleven inc. said friday that it launched a five year, $ 55 million rollout of hewlett packard co.'s inventory control and ordering tools in 5,300 of its u.s. stores.
2			coach	high	football			three high profile coaches out of ole miss picture three high profile coaches are no longer being considered to fill the football coaching vacancy at the university of mississippi.
4			democrat	scientist	technology	brain			brain scans may unlock candidates' appeal applying some of the same brain scan technology used to understand alzheimer's and autism, scientists are trying to learn what makes a republican's mind different from a democrat's.
3			increase	chain	sale			chain store sales increase slightly u.s. chain store sales increased slightly in the latest week, due in part to labor day sales and back to school shopping, a report said on tuesday.
1			debate	assembly	reform	president			ivorian pres. to allow reform debate ivorian president laurent gbagbo agreed saturday to let the national assembly consider a controversial presidential eligibility reform.
4			server	engineer	project	development			hp shifting last of itanium engineers to intel hewlett packard co. and intel corp. are parting ways on the development of the itanium chip for server computers, ending a more than 10 year partnership on a project that has produced far less
4			user			trojan horse spies on web banking security experts say they have discovered a trojan horse that records e banking user details and web surfing habits. antivirus company sophos is warning that the banker aj trojan is targeting online customers
4			platform	app	tool	management	server	computing	source			dell puts open source clustering tools on new server dell has teamed up with cluster management app maker platform computing inc. to create a small but powerful rack mounted server complete with open source cluster management tools.
1			election			guarding of ukraine central election commission relieved water cannons and armoured personnel carriers were removed from the territory of the ukrainian central election commission on wednesday.
4			grid	storage	software	version			netapp updates data ontap software network appliance inc. today brought out the latest version of its data ontap software, which it said creates a grid storage architecture on its appliances by creating an
2			title			update 1 loeb heading for title as duval sets pace citroen 's sebastien loeb remained on course to celebrate his first world title after the first leg of the french rally on friday.
4			speed	app	tool	software	management	application			motive tools trio troubleshoots app performance problems motive has introduced three application management and configuration products designed to automate and speed up the process of fixing software performance glitches.
4			design			how web design can affect search engine rankings how web design can affect search engine rankings uniquely built web sites can create unique issues when being promoted on the search engines. from a basic 3 page brochure site to a corporate site with hundreds of dynamically generated pages, every web site needs to have certain design aspects in order ...
4			project			athabasca railway link cost estimated at $ 2.6b the idea of a railway linking the athabasca oilsands to the rest of alberta has substantial merit and the project would likely cost $ 2.
4			software	management			storagetek snaps up storability storagetek quote, chart took another step in filling out its information lifecycle management portfolio this week, acquiring software maker storability.
4			networking	switch			hitachi, nec launch networking equipment joint venture alaxala networks corp., the backbone network router and switch joint venture announced by hitachi ltd. and nec corp. earlier this year, began operations on friday, it said in a statement.
1			president	country	election			mugabe says no to western election observers zimbabwean president robert mugabe vowed today not to allow western observers to monitor next years parliamentary elections, saying only fair minded countries would be asked to monitor the key vote.
3			producer	shareholder	management			gold fields shareholders reject canadian merger the management of gold fields, the south african gold producer, was dealt a blow on tuesday after shareholders voted against a proposed reverse takeover of canadian gold group iamgold.
1			corruption	leader			corruption case casts shadow on mbeki heir the probity of the man tipped as south africa 's next leader was on trial yesterday when a businessman appeared in court accused of paying more than 110,000 in bribes.
4			exchange	software	vendor			ca settles as former ceo indicted computer associates has announced a deal with the us department of justice and the securities and exchange commission that will solve the software vendor 's accounting scandal.
1			leader	politician	game	retailer			game off' urged an assortment of politicians, religious leaders and social advocacy groups lashed out tuesday at the video game industry and retailers, saying they make violent and racy games too accessible to children.
2			cup	england	triumph	sport			rugby union: i was in total control at the world cup.. now i ve ... sir clive woodward left office yesterday still furious at the failure to build on england 's world cup triumph. the biggest voice in the sport was never likely to go quietly but woodward did not pull any punches
2			play	game	access			china tightens grip on internet freedom the chinese government has closed 1,600 internet cafes and fined operators a total of $ 12 million for letting children access porn websites and play violent games, the government said, according to wired.
1			politics	energy	supply	secret			ambitious russian tycoon upsets lithuanian politics viktor uspaskich, a russian born millionaire who is a new force in lithuanian politics, makes no secret of his old ties to russian energy giant gazprom, which supplies all of lithuania's gas, but says he has his adopted country's interests at heart.
2			team			greek runners are suspended star sprinters kostas kenteris and katerina thanou were suspended yesterday from the greek olympic team for missing drug tests, but their fate was left in the hands of the international olympic committee.
1			election			agencies postpone issuing new rules until after election federal agencies have delayed a range of proposed regulations from food safety to corporate governance until after election day.
1			president			philosopher jacques derrida dies at 74 world renowned thinker jacques derrida, a charismatic philosopher who founded the school known as deconstructionism, has died, the french president's office said saturday. he was 74...
3			sale	volume	trading	share			brown forman: family trust boosts volume wine and spirits maker brown forman corp. said friday that heavy trading volume of its class b common shares was due to sales from a non affiliate brown family trust.
4			system	high			hecht's adopts smarter look in the cosmetics department at hecht's in downtown washington, construction crews have ripped out the traditional glass display cases, replacing them with a system of open shelves stacked high with fragrances from chanel, burberry and armani, now easily within arm's reach of the impulse buyer.
3			buying	sale			court hears interstate wine sales case state laws barring people from buying wine directly from out of state suppliers should be struck down as unconstitutional, the supreme court was told tuesday, as it heard arguments in a case that could lead to sweeping changes on how alcoholic beverages are regulated and sold.
4			software			oracle finishes deal for peoplesoft oracle corp. finally scooped up rival peoplesoft inc. after 18 months of legal and verbal strife, ending a nasty feud with a $ 10.3 billion deal that promises to shake up the business software industry.
2			team			racing: jaguar future to be decided this week sao paulo, brazil : the future of the jaguar formula one team is expected to be announced later this week when a decision is taken over offers made to buy the outfit.
4			microsoft	design	feature	player	version			microsoft to launch windows media player and msn music store on ... neowin was told that microsoft is planning to release both windows media player 10 and their msn music store service on thursday. the company 's latest version of media player will feature a new design, online
3			good	export			eu lifts u.s. sanctions, eyes loopholes the eu called off its sanctions on $ 4 billion worth of u.s. goods on monday after washington repealed illegal export tax subsidies, bringing some balm to transatlantic ties wounded by a battle over airbus and boeing.
4			development	final	technology	storage			optware finds funding for holographic storage optware corp. has received funding that will enable it to complete development of its holographic storage technology, and is on course to release commercial samples of read write drives in the final three months of 2005, the company said tuesday.
2			basketball	team	top			acc ties record with seven top 25 teams virginia moved into the associated press' men's college basketball top 25 monday, giving the atlantic coast conference a record tying seven teams in the poll.
1			country	minister			iran delivers strategic missile to armed forces the iranian defense minister announced today that the country has successfully test fired a strategic, long range missile and delivered the weapon to its armed forces.
4			energy	generation			dynegy to acquire exelon power assets energy company dynegy inc. on tuesday said it will by some of the power generation assets of exelon corp. for $ 135 million in cash plus debt assumption.
4			protection	virus	software	feature	version			nokia phone adds virus protection upcoming smart phone will feature a mobile version of f secure's antivirus software.
4			user	microsoft	tool	software	file			google offering new tool google inc., the world 's most used internet search engine, yesterday introduced software that lets users search for files from their own computers as well as the web, entering a new area of competition with microsoft corp.
2			season	team	race	prix			italian gp qualifying: mclaren west mclaren mercedes driver kimi raikkonen will start tomorrow 's italian grand prix at monza from seventh position whilst team mate david coulthard is in tenth place for the last european race of the 2004 season.
3			investor			jacuzzi a little too soggy for a small cap, jacuzzi has a megabrand. but it's probably not enough to excite investors.
4			application	technology			infineon to invest $ 1bn in malaysia to produce chips for cars london, december 9 infineon technologies announced yesterday its plans to invest about $ 1 billion in malaysia to build a factory to manufacture chips used in cars and industrial power applications.
4			content			feedsters rss feed job search engine feedster's rss feed job search engine rss is hot and rss search engines continue to get hotter by taking advantage of all of the bandwidth draining rss feeds that are literally running all over the web for all different types of content oriented sites. recently rss search engines have concentrated on ...
3			system	fund	share			calpers tenders 1.5 mln peoplesoft shares to oracle the california public employees retirement system, the largest us pension fund, tendered its peoplesoft inc. shares to oracle corp.
4			defence	system			test of us missile defence shield fails an attempt to launch an interceptor missile as part of the us missile defence shield failed early wednesday in the first test of the system in nearly two years.
4			shortage	death	technology	system			locusts inspire technology that may prevent car crashes locusts are commonly associated with plagues, food shortages, and death. but they are also inspiring what may be the next wave in lifesaving collision avoidance systems.
4			system	software	debate			accounting deadline could kill software spending wall street analysts debate whether year end sarbanes oxley deadline will sap demand for corporate software systems.
2			coach	soccer	season			gonzaga coach leaving gonzaga's don smith, one of the area's most successful area soccer coaches over the past two decades, will retire at the end of the season.
4			suite	frequency	tool	management	vendor	application	spyware			mcafee, ca integrate anti spyware as pests, adware, and other malicious applications infiltrate corporate computers with greater frequency, some vendors, including mcafee and computer associates, are bundling anti spyware into security management suites, giving it more tools to control the hazard.
3			investor			murdoch to meet news corp rivals news corp chairman rupert murdoch said today he plans to meet media investor john malone in the coming months, and played down reports of hostility between the two tycoons.
2			team	race	championship			racing family unites in sorrow grieving hendrick motorsports employees returned to the racetrack friday determined to honor those killed in a plane crash last weekend by continuing the team 's legacy of winning races and championships.
4			platform	mac			sony announces dvd burner for mac sony nyse: sne has announced plans to release a double layer dvd burner that is compatible with the macintosh platform.
4			microsoft	system	virus	software	researcher	feature	flaw			researchers find holes in xp sp2 security researchers inspecting a new update to microsoft corp.'s windows xp found two software flaws that could allow virus writers and malicious hackers to sidestep new security features in the operating system.
2			medal	korea	sport			hamm keeps olympic gold paul hamm will get to keep the gold medal he won two months ago. the court of arbitration for sport in switzerland has rejected an appeal from south korea 's yang tae young of the olympic gymnastics all around results.
4			system	good	police	design			wanted by the police: a good interface how the flawed interface design of a police dispatch system became a municipal issue in san jose, calif.
3			investor	profit	stock	earnings	worry	trading	technology			stocks higher as profit worries ease stocks moved narrowly higher in early trading monday as investors discounted another technology profit warning and focused instead on positive outlooks for third and fourth quarter earnings.
4			software	enterprise			sap sets up support center in china the enterprise software company looks to better serve its 4,200 asia pacific customers, as well as customers worldwide.
2			title	anaheim	sport			mark kreidler: best of three? bee sports columnist. a divisional title on the line against anaheim at the large net this weekend, and, for the a 's, it 's still all about the big three.
4			system			learn solaris systems programming site offer save 30 on this thorough reference
4			infrastructure			ntl sells broadcast business for 1.27bn cable firm ntl today announced that it has entered into a definitive agreement to sell its broadcast business for 1.27bn. a consortium led by macquarie communications infrastructure group and other third
4			british	technology			british bank shifting 1,000 jobs to india banking group lloyds tsb said tuesday it will transfer about 1,000 british jobs to india by the end of next year. the group will transfer jobs in its information technology and group operations departments
3			good			nash, others look good in their new digs american novelist thomas wolfe once wrote a book entitled you can 't go home again. his argument was that once the door to an era closes, it could never be opened again.
4			technique	supply	master	tool	software	scientist			artful software spots faked masterpieces a new digital authentication technique supplies forensic art experts with a new tool to distinguish paintings by masters from those by imitators, scientists say.
2			forecast	tour	sport	prix			sports: f one qualifying postponed qualifying for this weekend 's japanese grand prix on the formula one racing tour is rescheduled because of a typhoon forecast.
4			user	patent	microsoft	software			microsoft expands software indemnification program microsoft corp. is expanding its indemnification program for windows and other software products in order to shield users from legal claims and patent disputes, the world's largest software maker said on tuesday.
4			retailer	technology			google launches amazon style book search business google inc. on wednesday quietly launched a new search technology to help publishers sell books online, a fast growing market dominated by internet retailer amazon.
2			point	team	season			but seriously folks months away from the time of the season when it is considered admirable to give and not receive, we are locked into a pattern of generosity. mostly because the teams that are getting the points just aren't worth supporting. of course, giving points is always a risky proposition early in the season as you try to assess teams; consider last ...
3			good			good ol' gottschalks the regional department store company is gearing up for the all important holidays.
4			investor	rating	upgrade	fund	technology			moody 's upgrades lucent technologies debt ratings moody 's investors service upgraded the debt ratings for lucent technologies on friday, citing the company 's adequate funds, stabilizing revenue and progress in improving profitability and cash flow.
1			leader	plot			n.korea says kim portrait reports a 'u.s. plot' reports that portraits of north korean leader kim jong il had been removed were a u.s. plot to overthrow the government and a groundless fabrication, xinhua news agency quoted a north korean official on friday as saying.
4			space	country	technology			gslv carrying edusat blasts off from sriharikota sriharikota, sept 20 ani : india added another feather to its cap in space technology and stole a march over other countries by launching edusat, its first exclusive satellite for educational sector, from here on monday.
4			energy	researcher	technology	fuel			fill 'er up, with microbes researchers are goading tiny organisms like bacteria and algae into producing fuels like hydrogen and methane. the process is not useful yet, but the technology could be a solution to the energy problem. by amit asaravala.
2			player			digital photo album bypasses pcs sandisk's media player can be connected directly to a tv set to display still images and video clips taken by digital cameras.
2			championship			us rosters set for swimming world meet olympic gold medalists michael phelps, aaron peirsol, natalie coughlin and amanda beard head us rosters released tuesday for next months short course world championships.
2			coach	football	animal			football animal steps up the new head coach of tottenham hotspur has been described by a former colleague as a football animal . martin jol, 48, takes over from the departed jacques santini and is a man who eats, thinks and sleeps football .
3			low	profit	management			worker morale may take toll on airlines it is a management truism that low morale among workers inevitably results in low productivity, low quality, erosion of customer loyalty and, ultimately, lower profits.
4			tool	software	exchange			webmethods, global exchange ink reseller deal companies agree to incorporate software interoperability tools in e commerce partnership.
4			leader	country	region	technology	investment			asia, europe seek better business ties asian and european business leaders at a joint forum pushed for greater trade between their regions thursday, with asians calling for more transfer of technology to their countries and europeans demanding greater asian investment.
3			investment	shareholder	value			doubleclick hires investment bank online marketing firm doubleclick says it has retained investment bankers lazard freres to explore strategic options to achieve greater shareholder value.
2			cup	race	win	season			dorfmeister wins super g at lake louise austria 's michaela dorfmeister won the opening women 's world cup super giant slalom race of the season sunday.
2			park	cup	race	win			ashado wins distaff in opening breeders cup race ashado grabbed the lead in the stretch and got the breeders cup off to a rousing start for trainer todd pletcher by winning the $ 2 million distaff at lone star park on saturday.
4			evolution	vendor	management	infrastructure			web services management vendors combine web services management and security provider digital evolution on monday is announcing its acquisition of former competitor flamenco networks, which has provided specialized network infrastructure for implementing soas service oriented architectures .
2			team			at 4 1, they just might be giants the new york giants aren't just winning. they're doing the kinds of things winning teams do.
3			retailer			accc won 't stop pipeline bid australia 's competition watchdog has no plan to stop a bid by a consortium including gas retailer alinta ltd for western australia 's biggest natural gas transmission pipeline.
2			game	pas			bryant accuses malone of hitting on wife the kobe bryant karl malone feud has turned personal, with bryant accusing malone of making a pass at his wife at a game.
4			user	software	database			google acquires digital mapping firm with an internet connection, users enter an address or other location information and keyhole 's software accesses the database and takes them to a digital image of that location on their computer screen.
2			hockey	team	play			austrian men's team gets female goalie barbara zemann is a banker by trade. now she's the first female to play for an austrian men's hockey team.
2			champion	cup	football			ecuador upset brazil defending world cup football champions brazil suffered the most shocking result of the day, but china were the biggest losers.
3			investor	fund			don't bank on double digit returns from funds most investors envy jack r. meyer with his double digit returns over the past year, but even he says he will have trouble making much money in the years to come.
4			system	high	networking	access			samsung electronics develops world's highest capacity sram chip south korea's samsung electronics said it has developed the world's highest capacity sram static random access memory chip for high performance networking systems.
1			leader	airway			pilots could control fate of us airways the us airways group will look to the leaders of the pilots' union to accept the airline's demand for $ 295 million in pay and benefit cuts.
2			game	classic			game review: classic nes is nostalgia trip nintendo has wet my old school whistle, yet again. i spent a majority of my earlier years plopped in front of the tv screen playing nes games, and blowing into the cartridges to get the games to work which nintendo, apparently, does not condone .
4			software	management	storage			ca overhauls key storage management line computer associates quote, chart has completed a major overhaul of its storage management software, updating and packaging its products into one integrated, intelligent line.
2			coach	good			right now, it 's not good to be the kings the names and the faces are pretty much the same. they look like the sacramento kings, wear the same uniforms, and rick adelman is still their coach.
1			election			florida authorities searching 58,000 missing ballots authorities in florida were looking for 58,000 absentee ballots whose disappearance stirred renewed controversy in the state that held up the 2000 presidential election for five weeks.
2			basketball	michigan	point	sport			college basketball: michigan pounds nicholls state east lansing, mich. sports network maurice ager scored 19 points and pulled down six rebounds, as 10th ranked michigan state crushed nicholls state, 102 52, at the breslin center.
4			war	player	technology			creative declares war on apple expect to see and hear creative technology everywhere as it embarks on a worldwide marketing campaign to snatch dominance of the digital music player market from apple computer.
4			jersey	broadband	cell	technology			t mobile tries start up 's wireless technology european cell phone giant t mobile international said wednesday that it 's conducting a trial of super fast wireless broadband gear from flarion technologies, giving the new jersey start up its first step into the european broadband market.
2			jay	coach	team			the dotted line jay triano was fired as coach of the canadian national team yesterday, a move triano said was due to his inability to give enough time to the job.
2			team			meps have voted to approve the new european commission team meps have voted to approve the new european commission team. the result was 449 votes in favour to 149 votes against with 82 abstentions.
2			game	master			let the handheld games begin it 's the fight computer gamers have been waiting for. but the latest duel between wise old master nintendo and challenger sony is not taking place on a tv screen.
1			politics	bush			bearhug politics: careful steps to a new bush mccain alliance george w. bush and john mccain's bearhug and smooch on the campaign trail last week was one of the odder embraces in politics in a long while.
2			coach	cup	team			vogts resigns as scotland boss scotland national team coach berti vogts stepped down monday following a nightmare start to the world cup qualifying campaign.
1			politics			barrett still has some fight in him intel's outgoing ceo takes on the tech industry and politics in an outspoken keynote address.
3			sale			first contract signed with us companies at havana trade fair us entrepreneurs participating in the havana trade fair are planning to negotiate new sales of cattle and foodstuffs and hope to exceed the one billion dollars in total revenue they have
4			cell	software			cell phones increasingly attractive to hackers early this month, several web sites began offering software promising ringtones and screensavers for certain cell phones. but those who downloaded the software found that it turned every icon
2			injury	raven	game			deion sanders out for ravens baltimore ravens cornerback deion sanders was inactive for sunday's game against the new york jets with a toe injury, while jets defensive end shaun ellis also was out with a strained groin.
4			gate	system	microsoft	version			gates launches new media centre on tuesday, bill gates launched a new version of the media centre pc, a personal computer that microsoft wants to be the hub of everyone 's home entertainment system.
4			platform	feature	telephony			update: omnipod beefs up instant messaging service omnipod, which provides hosted instant message im services to companies of all sizes, is preparing several enhancements to its platform, including the additions of a web based client, a telephony component and a persistent chat feature, omnipod's chief executive officer said.
4			switch			fia mandates engine power cuts fia, the governing body of formula one, has approved new engine regulations which will see manufacturers switch to 2.4 litre v8 engines in place of the current 3 litre v10 powerplants in 2006.
4			science			australia faces weather blitz from warming csiro australia could expect more frequent droughts, heatwaves, rainstorms and strong winds because of greenhouse gas induced climate change, the country's main science research body warned on monday.
4			science	siemens	technology			person of the week: aaron goldin aaron goldin, this week 's person of the week, won the grand prize at the siemens westinghouse competition in math, science and technology.
2			tour	team			hodge to tour but clarke favoured brad hodge was not waiting to be asked if he would be included in the australian test team. he got on the front foot and made the call himself.
3			value	holding			america west: will not bid for ata america west holdings corp. on thursday said it would not bid for assets of bankrupt carrier ata airlines, saying the value does not justify the cost.
4			nation	secret	technology			e vote machines: secret testing even though tax money pays for voting machines, the three companies that certify the nation's voting technologies operate in secret. the reason? their contracts with the voting machine makers specify secrecy.
4			microsoft	beta	technology	source			msn search beta set to launch microsoft corp. 's msn division on thursday will launch a public beta of its web search technology, according to sources familiar with the plans.
4			software			in software industry, size matters the fragmented software business is growing up.
3			investor	profit	sale	second			research in motion profit, sales soar in second quarter research in motion ltd. added a record 317,000 new blackberry subscribers in its second quarter and saw revenue and profit skyrocket, but that wasn 't enough to keep some investors and analysts happy.
4			system	microsoft			microsoft distributes xp security update microsoft corp. says it has distributed about 106 million copies of its major security update for the windows xp operating system.
3			drop	profit	chain	share			sainsbury profits to drop by two thirds in a statement today supermarket chain sainsbury said it expected first half profits to drop nearly two thirds compared with last year as a result of loss of market share.
2			red	stadium	game			popular games end on sombre note the lights at athens olympic stadium turn red to signify the handover of the paralympic games to the host city, beijing. photo: afp.
2			champion	team			staple stays positive for usa despite an inevitable hammering by a powerful new zealand outfit, usa skipper richard staple says his team are still positive and looking forward to taking on world champions australia.
3			good	shareholder	share			peoplesoft: oracle's offer is inadequate oracle corp.'s 21 per share hostile takeover bid for peoplesoft inc. isn't good enough for shareholders to accept, peoplesoft director a. george skip battle said wednesday.
1			parliament			russia's upper house backs kyoto russia's upper house of parliament votes to ratify the international treaty on climate change.
4			system			haiti doctors operate without electricity doctors are performing amputations without electricity or running water while waste from this city's shattered sewage system contaminates mud and floodwaters, infecting wounds that threaten to turn gangrenous.
4			tool	ibm	sale	development	use			peoplesoft, ibm strike middleware alliance peoplesoft said it will work with ibm to optimize its apps for use with ibm's websphere middleware and development tools, and plans to begin selling websphere products directly through its own sales force.
4			platform	ibm	software	development	source	access			ibm announces new development platform many emerging market businesses will soon have access to the ibm rational software development platform for the first time, through the open source eclipse development framework.
4			user	microsoft	tool	software	spyware			microsoft software to remove spyware microsoft corp. disclosed plans thursday to offer frustrated users of its windows software new tools within 30 days to remove spyware programs secretly running on computers. but it might cost extra in coming months.
2			coach			vermeil's friends back troubled coach since his kansas city chiefs fell to 0 3, dick vermeil has gotten phone calls and e mails sending words of encouragement.
1			talk			vodafone says it isn 't discussing bid for sprint with verizon vodafone group plc, the world 's largest mobile phone operator, said it 's not in talks with us partner verizon communications inc.
3			sale			circuit city narrows 3q loss circuit city stores inc. on friday reported a narrower third quarter loss from continuing operations as sales of higher margin warranties and improved distribution helped offset weak merchandise sales.
4			linux	software	value	alternative	source			uk takes linux to the heart of government open source software is a viable alternative to commercial proprietary software, with potential significant value for money benefits for government, the office of government commerce ogc has concluded.
4			cell			drug lords stripped of 120m fortune in prison two of colombia 's most powerful drug lords were trapped in prison cells yesterday as the state seized their fortune estimated at more than 120 million.
2			club			pirates agree to terms with mesa, 38 coming off a big first year as the pirates closer, mesa on thursday agreed to a one year contract with a club option for the 2006 campaign.
4			platform	hardware	design	ibm	vendor	idg			ibm and intel to open up blade specifications in an effort to encourage hardware vendors to build components for the blade platform they co develop, intel corp. and ibm corp. on thursday will open up parts of the bladecenter design specifications, according to documents obtained by idg news service.
1			party	democrat	parliament	election			democrats favored in botswana election botswana chose a parliament saturday, with the ruling democratic party favored to keep the lock on power it has had for 38 years. soome voters said they feared the party 's loss would undermine aids treatment
4			microsoft	technology			microsoft tries to woo peoplesoft customers microsoft solicits peoplesoft customers with offers of cheaper and better technology just days after oracle purchases the company.
2			game	ball			torre giving brown ball next orlando hernandez on wednesday was officially scratched from his game three start because of his tired right shoulder, but his replacement isn 't exactly healthy, either.
3			strength	profit			ford lifts profit forecasts ford has raised its third quarter and 2004 profit forecasts because of strength in its financial services business and cost improvements in its car operations.
4			platform	series	collaboration	technology	membership			intel collaborates with nokia and symbian to help deliver series ... intel corporation, nokia corporation and symbian ltd. has announced a collaboration to bring smartphones based on the nokia series 60 platform to market using intel technology, as part of intel 's recent membership
1			party	tension	president	election			china restrained in response to taiwan poll china offered a measured response on wednesday to taiwan president chen shui bian's party suffering an election setback over the weekend, but warned that his push for formal independence would exacerbate tensions.
4			tool	database	source			lycos releases two new search tools lycos releases two new search tools people search is a rebranding of offering telephone and other data sources including direct links labeled professional profile to the database. eliyon aggregates data from a variety of open web sources. be careful as some of these profiles might contain old, outdated info. the ...
2			coach	football	season			jerry graybeal quits as weber state coach weber state football coach jerry graybeal resigned tuesday after a 1 10 season, the worst in the program's 43 year history.
4			enterprise	tool	system	management	crisis			turning phone into broadcaster enterprise communications systems are no longer used simply as tools of convenience and sound business practice but increasingly as crisis management programs as well.
1			general	election	opposition			romania opposition demands election rerun, alleges fraud romania's centrist opposition tuesday demanded a rerun of sunday's general elections, alleging fraud in the electronic vote counting had helped the ruling ex communists, who held a slim lead.
4			use	increase	technology	storage			toshiba to use perpendicular recording in new drives toshiba said today that it is close to commercializing a new data storage technology, called perpendicular recording, that could significantly increase the capacity of hard disk drives.
2			play	magic	team			mobley not likely to play until weekend orlando magic: guard cuttino mobley will be sidelined with a strained groin until the weekend, but the team said that center kelvin cato is expected to return wednesday from a sprained right ankle.
4			software	microsoft	vulnerability			microsoft warns of critical vulnerability in jpeg images in its september security bulletin microsoft has highlighted a critical vulnerability in the processing of jpeg images across a huge swathe of its software products.
1			party	military	gain	election			pro independence parties tipped to make gains in taiwan vote pro independence parties are tipped to make gains in taiwan's legislative elections this weekend and thereby anger china, already threatening to take military action if the island drifts further from beijing.
1			election			u.s. elections under a microscope as the november presidential election nears, several groups are mobilizing to monitor the voting process including a group of observers from across the globe and over a thousand techies who will help evaluate voting machines. by laila weir.
4			processor	amd	pentium	technology			amd mobile athlon 64 targets intel pentium m amd has fleshed out its mobile chip catalogue this week by shipping the mobile amd athlon 64 3000 processor. it joins a range of mobile models, from 2800 to 3400, but is the first to be built using 90nm technology.
4			pack	microsoft	tool	software	developer	conflict	application			microsoft details conflicts in new xp update microsoft has published a list of nearly 50 applications including developer and backup tools, antivirus software and an ftp client that may not work correctly after installing service pack 2 for windows xp.
3			growth			a small jewel of a company blue nile dominates its niche and offers growth and a clean balance sheet.
2			crowd	champion	nation	game			sell out crowd will watch no. 1 usc take on no. 7 cal history looks to repeat itself in the biggest game to date of the pacific 10 conference this weekend. two of the nation 's elite programs will square off when co defending national champion usc 4 0 overall, 1 0 pac 10 hosts no.
4			application	content			strange bedfellows handango selected as preminet key content ... given that handango have a catalog of applications that they sell through a range of store fronts hosted for operators and nokias preminet does pretty much the same thing todays announcement seems just a little odd.
4			tool	software	java	source			eclipse to consider open source data reporting business intelligence software company actuate proposes an open source java based reporting tools.
2			game	top			greek athletes shocked by accusations greece's top two athletes, facing a state prosecutor's investigation over missed drug tests and a motorbike crash, left a hospital tuesday declaring they were innocent and should be allowed to compete in the olympic games.
4			system	virus			sonicwall to bolster next os with anti virus scanning capabilities company says having the operating system screen for viruses at the gateway is more thorough and more efficient.
1			fighting			glen johnson: more than the other guy fighting roy jones ... in any aspect of life you would like to think that eventually in some way, shape or form that justice will be done, that the right thing would happen to the right people.
1			party	nation			enhancing party 's governance capability is of vital importance ... to enhance the governance capability of the communist party of china cpc is vital to china 's socialist cause, the chinese nation and the cpc itself, says the cpc central
1			election			day at a glance the hot event, who's ahead, pictures and quotes: what you need to know about the us election today.
1			president	development			kelly becomes president of sprint consumer solutions kelly, 45, was senior vice president of sprint consumer solutions, with overall responsibility for marketing, product development, advertising, strategic planning and business development.
4			user			pc users happier especially with apple, dell customer satisfaction with home computers reaches three year peak, with highest marks for apple and dell, survey says.
4			software	microsoft			ec vows to pursue microsoft for abusing its position the european commission ec , which fined microsoft a record 497 million euros us $ 625.50 million this year for abusing its dominant position, on monday vowed to continue pursuing the us software group through the courts for anti competitive behavior.
4			standard			blu ray backers to release camcorders a group of companies backing the blu ray dvd format announced plans to release camcorders that are compliant with the standard and can record on smaller disks than are currently available.
4			tool	software	code			code cruncher transforms excel whereas most of todays software tools follow the bigger is better philosophy, savvysofts profile, products, articles turboexcel proves the adage that great things really do come in small packages.
3			growth	sale			viacom posts third quarter net loss viacom inc. via.n on thursday posted a third quarter loss as a result of charges from discontinued operations and a writedown of its assets, but revenue rose on advertising sales growth at mtv and nickelodeon cable networks and the cbs television network.
1			party	parliament	president			megawati's party seals deal with golkar to dominate indonesia's parliament president megawati sukarnoputri forged a pact with indonesia's largest political group golkar to form a bloc that will dominate parliament but is seen as unlikely to ensure her reelection.
1			system	election			backup voting could be a mess a new national backup system meant to ensure that millions of eligible voters are not mistakenly turned away from the polls this year as they were in 2000 could cause election day problems.
2			coach			henson out to make nz statement wales centre gavin henson says he is determined to show case his talent against new zealand on saturday. the 22 year old was given his wales debut by current new zealand coach graham henry against romania in 2001.
2			jay	game	player			skychiefs pound on a 's the blue jays smacked the oakland a 's 13 5 yesterday in a game that smacked an awful lot of the syracuse skychiefs. of the 15 players who had a hand in this much welcomed cakewalk, nine, including four of
2			minister	hit	player	england	match	british	sport			racist chants british sports minister richard caborn has hit out at the racist abuse suffered by black england players during their friendly match.
4			tool	software	application	vendor			vendors seek certification for application security tools four small security software vendors have teamed up to develop a set of technical criteria for tools designed to secure web applications. they also invited cisco and other large it vendors to take part in the certification program.
4			system			pipeline secured by alinta syndicate alinta is set to emerge as part owner and operator of the dampier to bunbury natural gas pipeline australia 's biggest gas transmission system n a deal that pays out the $ 1.
1			concern	party	race	election			6 battlegrounds for governors the presidential election may be decided along party lines, but in six states with close races for governor, local concerns prevail.
4			microsoft	tool	software	server	version			microsoft to release communication server microsoft corp. plans a dec. 1 release for the latest version of its server software that aims to give companies more secure instant messaging and other corporate communications tools.
2			coach	football			connecticut football coach signs extension connecticut head football coach randy edsall signed a six year contract thursday that could be worth up to $ 5.
4			hit	system			uk government hit with another large computer failure it system failures continued to plague the uk government this week, when as many as 80,000 civil servants working for the department of work and pensions dwp had to deal with what is being described in the local
2			minnesota	second	game	sport			vikings center birk out for month minnesota vikings center matt birk will miss at least four games after undergoing sports hernia surgery for the second time in four months.
4			system	game			sony to launch playstation portable in december sony computer entertainment inc. scei will roll out in japan a handheld video game system on dec. 12 called playstation portable psp , priced at 19,800, or about $ 185.
3			management			the dot com era 's last gasp: commerce one commerce one says it must lay off 56 employees, leaving it with 36 to operate its supplier relationship management business unit. years of economic devastation have left commerce one once
2			british	race	club			save silverstone: drivers . scot coulthard called for formula one commercial rights holder bernie ecclestone to reach an agreement with the owners of silverstone, the british racing drivers club brdc , to save the race from extinction.
4			system	networking	enterprise			cisco to acquire network monitoring provider netsolve cisco systems inc. channel partners will be able to offer real time monitoring of enterprises' networks after the company agreed to acquire netsolve inc., the networking giant said thursday.
2			team			olympians put on show there were no judges, and there was no pressure. best of all, there was no olympic sized controversy at mci center on thursday as the stars of the u.s. gymnastics team tumbled, twirled and gyrated.
1			leader	dialogue			religious leaders clash on 'meet the press' four religious leaders illustrated in a tv appearance today just how passionate and difficult such dialogues can be.
2			plot	morning	sport			drugs in sport: break in thickens waterford plot a break in at the offices of the equestrian federation of ireland in the early hours of yesterday morning added another twist to the story of the horse waterford crystal, with whom cian
4			average	technology			sap taps search technology says improved search capabilities will return results an average of 10 times faster than before.
4			user	card	technology	use	cell			samsung, philips partner for cell phone payments samsung electronics and philips electronics nyse: phg have formed an alliance to put near field communication nfc technology in future cell phone models from samsung, giving users the ability to use their mobile phones to make credit card or debit card payments. the companies said that samsung plans to incorporate nfc in other devices as well.
2			dame	oregon	football	sport			instant analysis: oregon state at lsu if you re a romantic who thinks about sports the way grantland rice wrote about the four horsemen of notre dame, this exhausting, wrenching battle between oregon state and louisiana state represented everything that makes college football a supreme
4			technology	win	generation			51 win spots on commerce list fifty one small businesses, nearly all of them washington area companies, were included in the contract for commerce information technology solutions next generation, known as commits nexgen. the contract can be used by all federal agencies to buy information technology services.
3			minority	enterprise			cox enterprises to buy cox public stake cox enterprises inc. on tuesday said it will purchase cox communications inc. 's cox.n: quote, profile, research minority public stake for $ 8.
4			upgrade			corning goes ahead with capacity upgrade corning inc, the world 's largest maker of glass substrates used in liquid crystal displays lcds , said yesterday that it would go ahead with its capacity expansion as planned, adding that decisions
4			silicon	researcher			new microscope can see individual atoms oak ridge national laboratory researchers are peering into the atomic world with record clarity, developing an electron microscope image that can distinguish the individual, dumbbell shaped atoms of silicon in a crystal...
4			software	management	technology	storage			storagetek throws lifeline to storability com staff. storage technology corp. storagetek has scooped up storage resource management srm company storability software inc.
4			system	veritas	technology			hp laughs off tru64 promises, welcomes veritas hp has given up on trying to bring key parts of compaq dec 's tru64 operating system over to hp ux and decided instead to buy similar technology from veritas.
1			system	election			new backup voting system may pose problems call it the law of unintended consequences. a new national backup system meant to ensure that millions of eligible voters are not mistakenly turned away from the polls this year, as happened in 2000, could wind up causing election day problems as infamous as florida's hanging chads...
3			management	content	enterprise			gartner itxpo spotlights security, wireless enterprise it executives attending this week's gartner symposium itxpo in orlando, fla., got a peek at several forthcoming products for security, cm content management , wireless, and soas service oriented architectures .
2			game			the weirdest games of 2004 our favorite genre busters will roll, creep, slither, bounce, and wriggle their way into your free time if you give them a try.
4			technique	system	linux			infocus: detecting rootkits and kernel level compromises in linux this article outlines useful ways of detecting hidden modifications to a linux kernel. often known as rootkits, these stealthy types of malware are installed in the kernel and require special techniques by incident handlers and linux system administrators to be detected.
3			fund	shareholder			gateway casinos controlling shareholders sell 25 of casino ... major unitholders of the gateway casinos income fund are selling half their controlling stake in one of western canada 's biggest casino operators.
1			interview	minister	finance	party	president			president sarkozy? france's popular finance minister is leaving government to make a bid for president of his party. but that's just for starters. in an exclusive interview, nicolas sarkozy tells time why his next stop will be the elys eacute;e
1			party	politician	president			armed malawian politicians held three senior ruling party members are arrested for carrying guns to a meeting with malawi's president.
1			talk			one state talks about shifting out of pensions some california officials are proposing that the state get out of the pension business and give state and municipal workers a 401 k plan instead.
4			talk	software	technology			oracle in merger talks beyond peoplesoft oracle corp. on thursday said it is in merger talks with other technology companies as it pursues its 9.2 billion hostile takeover bid for rival software maker peoplesoft inc.
3			investor	gain			investors back news revisions the news corporation ltd has won the battle to gain local support for its move to the us after unveiling far reaching concessions on corporate governance.
4			speed	restaurant	pittsburgh	good	technology			profiling technology speeds up fast food a pittsburgh start up, hyperactive technologies inc., is testing technology at area fast food restaurants designed to give kitchen workers a good indication of what customers want before the hungry souls even get close enough to place an order.
2			morning	game			entertainment part of paralympic games closing ceremony canceled the organizing committee for 2004 athens paralympic games has decided to cancel the entertainment part of the closing ceremony due to a car accident which killed atleast seven students early monday morning.
3			share			telstra to stay in aussie hands telstra will remain firmly in australian hands even after the government sells its shares in the company, treasurer mr peter costello said yesterday.
1			leader	party	corruption			china leaders warn of corruption china's communist party tells its members that corruption could threaten its hold on power.
4			ibm	emc	vendor	technology	storage			emc hires former ibm veteran as cto emc last week said it has hired former ibm veteran jeffrey m. nick as chief technology officer for the storage vendor. nick, who left ibm in june following 24 years with the company
3			holding			armor holdings selected for dod program body and vehicle armor company armor holdings inc. said friday it was selected as one of the companies to receive a defense department ceramic body armor contract that could be worth up to $ 461 million over 36 months.
2			player			marvel battles role players marvel says the massively multiplayer city of heroes lets players create characters that resemble its own, so the company is suing. that's not sitting well with free speech advocates. by daniel terdiman.
4			generation	standard	technology	tokyo			hollywood snubs sony 's new dvd format by michiyo nakamoto in tokyo and scott morrison in san francisco. sony has suffered a big setback in its bid to set the standard for next generation dvds as four hollywood studios announced they would support a rival technology backed by toshiba.
4			cell	technology			casio combines lcd, fingerprint sensor technology will allow the addition of biometric security to cell phones, pdas.
4			user	content	tool	developer	graphic			yamaha offering free authoring tools for adding dynamic graphics ... whether it 's the professional content developer or the casual mobile phone user, creating dynamic, smaf multimedia content is simple and intuitive through our authoring tools, says kazunari fukaya, marketing division manager of yamaha 's semiconductor
2			detroit	tiger	talk	coach	sport			area sports in brief one of the people free agent right hander carl pavano wanted to talk to on his trip to detroit was tigers pitching coach bob cluck.
1			debate			u.s. presidential debate trivia: gaffes, zingers, more voters tend to forget most of what is said during u.s. presidential debates, but a few memorable moments endure.
4			feature			is amazon's a9 benign? search junkies can be psyched for a cool site, but will some features backfire?
1			leader	election	run	opposition			yushchenko, back home, says authorities poisoned him opposition leader viktor yushchenko said on sunday he was certain ukraine's authorities had poisoned him with dioxin and hoped prosecutors would establish the truth after this month's re run of a rigged presidential election.
4			shareholder	software			peoplesoft board kos oracle takeover bid peoplesoft inc.'s board of directors rejected oracle corp.'s 9.2 billion takeover bid wednesday and vowed to continue its staunch resistance even if a majority of the business software maker's shareholders decide to accept the offer.
4			insurance	crm	tool	reform	technology			insurers face new technology reality the insurance industry could soon be forced to embrace crm tools, middleware and straight through processing technology to cope with insurance regulation reforms that would require greater oversight.
4			priority	hardware			the world in your palm com september 14, 2004, 4:00 am pt. with the economy slowly turning up, upgrading hardware has been on businesses radar in the past 12 months as their number two priority.
3			share			at t posts $ 7.1 billion loss on impairment charge at t corp. on thursday reported a net loss of $ 7.1 billion, or $ 8.95 per share, for the third quarter of 2004, but that loss included asset re evaluation and other charges of $ 12.5 billion.
2			league	baseball	team	franchise			baseball owners' vote on expos move delayed owners of major league baseball's more than 30 teams did not vote as scheduled thursday on the proposed move of the montreal expos franchise to washington, dc.
2			game	win			trinidad 's win stops the bleeding after boxing suffered a one two punch with knockouts of oscar de la hoya and roy jones jr. on successive weekends, felix trinidad swept away the devastation in a swift lesson about the battered game 's resiliency.
1			debate			dole, gore participate in panel discussion bob dole and al gore, both former presidential candidates themselves, offered their thoughts tuesday on the upcoming debate.
3			expense	profit			kerr mcgee 3q profit down on charge kerr mcgee corp. on wednesday said its third quarter profit slid on a charge related to the shutdown of a pigment plant and higher environmental and capital expenses.
4			system			next gen healthcare by joann mills laing. health savings accounts hsas are the first step in a profound and dra matic transformation of the ameri can health care system.
2			club			hollinger panel says owners took cash former hollinger international chief executive conrad black and other former executives looted the company of more than $ 400 million, using the company as a piggy bank to pay for private jets and club memberships, according to a report filed on tuesday.
2			champion	race			official: hakkinen to race in dtm in 2005 those of you who are waiting in anticipation of who williamsf1 will reveal as partner to mark webber in 2005, can cross former champion mika hakkinen of your list, for the two time world champion has been confirmed as a mercedes driver in the 2005 dt.
2			sport			conte blows the whistle on jones after 18 months of leaks, slurs and broken reputations the biggest doping scandal in sports history took its most dramatic twist yesterday when the man at the centre of the bay area laboratory co operative investigation claimed he had devised and
4			leader	infrastructure	system	software	standard			vmware introduces 4 way virtual smp vmware, inc., the global leader in virtual infrastructure software for industry standard systems, announced 4 way vmware virtual smp symmetric multiprocessing .
4			networking			gadgets getting connected with dlna products expected soon that will connect via a new home networking specification backed by some of the world's largest consumer electronics and computer companies.
4			platform	speed	scale			briefly: edgestream introduces iptv platform roundup plus: dolby, intel sound off for updates instant wiretaps on feds' speed list...tellabs scales back afc buy.
2			team			mild seven renault f1 team and jarno trulli announce early separation the mild seven renault f1 team and jarno trulli today announced that the italian driver has been released with immediate effect.
4			feature	software	technology			rocketnews search engine adds personalization rocketnews search engine adds personalization the rocketnews current news and weblog search engine has been enhanced with the addition of personalization features. rocketnews is a technology showcase operated by rocketinfo inc., a supplier of real time news and competitive intelligence software to corporations, governments and professional service firms. visitors to the new ...
4			exchange	system	file	technology			eds to file for q3 report extension technology services firm electronic data systems corp. plans to seek a five day extension for its quarterly report from the us securities and exchange commission, according to news reports tuesday.
3			investor	stock	fund	value	price			adv: great stocks at great prices! renowned value fund manager jon d. markman offers stock recommendations and investing strategies in his weekly newsletter, value investor. act now for a free trial.
4			system	microsystems	project	source			sun sets up open source solaris project sun microsystems will create an open source project around its solaris 10 operating system by the end of the year, company executives said on monday.
4			cell			nokia takes aim at fake batteries nokia on wednesday said it will put hologram labels on cell phone batteries as part of a move to help consumers avoid counterfeits.
4			tool	high	developer			dolby, intel sound off for developers companies plan tools for improving high end audio for pcs with intel inside.
4			system	gain			biogen idec gains ms drug approval the us government approved a drug tuesday to treat multiple sclerosis, an incurable disease of the central nervous system that affects 350,000 americans.
2			football	team	streak	player	coach	high			de la salle coach, players, take snapped streak in stride concord, calif. they lost for the first time since 1991, but there 's no bitterness on the de la salle high school football team.
3			software	sale	stock			u.s. stocks climb as oracle deal lifts u.s. stocks rose on monday after software maker peoplesoft inc. accepted rival oracle corp.'s buyout offer and data showed better than expected november retail sales, signaling an uptick in consumer spending.
4			software			judge: oracle, peoplesoft drawn closer the trial pitting software giant oracle corp. orcl.o: quote, profile, research against unwilling takeover target peoplesoft inc.
2			game			report on video games parents heading out to buy holiday gifts, listen up. there 's a warning out wednesday about extremely violent and explicit video games.
2			use	player	game			almost half of video gamers cutting tv use study nearly half of video game players watched less television last year or plan to cut their viewing time this year, according to a report issued on thursday that lends credence to industry fears that young men are switching off the tube.
1			president			winn dixie names rival's ex executive ceo winn dixie stores inc. said on friday it ousted president and chief executive frank lazaran after about a year in the post after he failed to revive the grocer despite ordering 10,000 job cuts.
4			movie	content	technology			netflix connects with tivo netflix nasdaq: nflx and tivo nasdaq: tivo have agreed to collaborate on delivering movies via the internet, developing technology and working with hollywood studios to secure content for digital distribution.
3			share	investor	stock	exchange	trading	town			european shares slip in light early trades european shares slipped back in light trading with the london stock exchange closed for a bank holiday and new york investors expected to take it easy while the republican convention is in town.
4			tool	upgrade			peoplesoft tool maps integrations peoplesoft continues on the upgrade path despite the threat of a takeover by oracle.
1			iraq	debate	election	talk	president	expense			edwards, cheney to meet in only vp debate both presidential campaigns are looking for a boost at the other's expense tuesday when vice president dick cheney and democratic rival john edwards square off for the only vice presidential debate of the 2004 election. most of the pre debate talk was about iraq...
3			profit			ford posts $ 266 million profit in third quarter ford was buoyed again by strong results at its financial services arm, even though its worldwide automotive operations lost $ 609 million.
4			enterprise	good	software	technology	citigroup	investment	morgan			ss c enters the hedge zone financial services firms like citigroup nyse: c news , bank of america nyse: bac news , and morgan stanley nyse: mwd news want to offer just about everything. to do this requires huge investments in information technologies it . that's good news for enterprise software companies that focus on the financial services industry, such as advent software, inc. nasdaq: advs news and sungard nyse: sds news .
1			region	election			ukrainian region seeks autonomy supporters of ukraine's pm announce a vote for autonomy, upping the stakes in the disputed election.
2			player	top			cendant to pay $ 1.25 billion for orbitz with one deal, cendant corp. is moving from an also ran to one of the top players in the booming online travel business.
4			software			ex computer associates ceo kumar indicted former computer associates international inc. chief executive sanjay kumar has been charged with securities fraud conspiracy and obstruction of justice in connection with a multibillion dollar accounting scandal at the software company.
4			software			oracle reaches takeover deal with peoplesoft software maker peoplesoft inc. announced monday that it had agreed to be acquired by oracle corp. in a $ 10.3 billion deal, ending one of the longest and nastiest takeover battles in recent corporate history.
1			leader			africa power firms join to light up dark continent the latest scheme to spread electric light in africa may sound familiar, but this time african leaders say they have the will, and financial backing, to succeed.
4			walkman	technology	generation			walkman stumbles in a meeting with executives from four hollywood studios this year, sony electronics brass laid it on the line: they were going ahead with technology for the next generation
4			desktop	design	use			gateway rolls out cooler, quieter btx pc gateway on friday announced a new desktop, the 700gr, the first machine to use intel 's btx architecture, which aligns key components in a wind tunnel like design for cooler and quieter operation.
4			lab	design	share			update 2 protein design rallies on roche deal, then fizzles shares of protein design labs inc. pdli.o: quote, profile, research rallied but then fizzled on thursday after initial enthusiasm waned for the us biotechnology
2			coach	game	championship	eagle			jamie squire getty images the eagles don 't have much experience coming back after a bad loss under coach andy reid. their only noteworthy losses seem to come in the nfc championship game.
2			play			new media center os plays well windows xp media center 2005 connects smoothly with video and audio equipment.
4			ibm	software	content	access			ibm buys venetica for content ibm quote, chart announced tuesday that it will acquire venetica to manage access to its db2 information integrator for content software.
3			share			update 1: cendant to buy orbitz for $ 1.25b in cash hotel franchisor cendant corp. agreed to buy online travel company orbitz inc. for about $ 1.25 billion. the $ 27.50 a share cash offer, which has been approved by boards of both companies but still needs regulatory
3			share			oracle talked of lowering peoplesoft bid oracle corp. orcl.o: quote, profile, research chief executive larry ellison said on friday his company has talked about revising its current $ 21 per share offer to buy rival peoplesoft inc.
1			president	country	election			election reflects latin america tilt left uruguay tapped tabare vazquez as its first socialist president in sunday 's election, joining a growing group of south american countries embracing leftist governments.
2			run	game			radcliffe declares to run in beijing olympics world marathon record holder paula radcliffe has decided to run at 34 in the 2008 olympic games in beijing after athens disappointment.
3			growth			china mine blast kills 64 in years have pulled two more bodies from the rubble, leaving the toll from the blast at 64, state media say. the fastest economic growth of any major world economy.
4			microsoft	vulnerability	tool	system	software	patch	developer			another patch job from microsoft the latest vulnerability to plague the world's largest software maker is a doozy, affecting its windows operating system as well as its office and developer tools programs. microsoft says its patch plugs the leak.
2			nfl	football	patriot	player	sport			the real dirt on mawae patriots safety rodney harrison was voted the dirtiest player in football in a recent poll conducted by sports illustrated of 354 current and former nfl players. surprised?
2			league	football	top	score	game			football games look to score a raft of football games are aiming to score with gamers , but which top the league and which are heading for relegation?
4			technology	tokyo			cisco invests $ 12 million in japanese r center cisco 's tokyo r center will focus on advanced internet technologies such as ipv6, multicast, and wireless, in addition to improving existing security and quality of service qos technologies.
1			politics	election	iraq	iraqi	president			yawar warns iran against meddling in iraq iraq's interim president warned today against iranian meddling in iraqi politics ahead of elections next month and said his countrymen must reject religious government.
1			minister			god has 4,000 loudspeakers; the state holds its ears the egyptian minister of religion decided that one official call to prayer would be broadcast live and carried by all of cairo's mosques. many of the faithful objected.
2			measure	game			ioa sets up committee to probe dope scandal athens, aug 20. pti :in a belated damage control exercise, the indian olympic association today announced setting up of a committee to probe into the olympic games doping scandal and suggest stringent measures to curb the menace.
4			pas	technology			tech groups push for r d credit, internet tax ban technology lobbying groups are stepping up their push for lawmakers to pass several pieces of legislation.
3			growth	profit	stock			getting beyond the next big thing mckinsey says a post boom tech industry can profit mightily by taking stock in the operations of many slower growth industries.
4			cell	feature			after merger, gradual changes cell phone shoppers looking for new deals and features didn't find them yesterday, a day after sprint corp. and nextel communications inc. announced a merger that the phone companies promised would shake up the wireless business.
4			system	holding			china 's online shopping in web of problems creaky banking and postal systems are conspiring against chinese shoppers snapping up books and cosmetics over the internet, holding back a market that has lured the likes of ebay and amazon.
3			investor	share			viacom offers a premium to push blockbuster shares viacom inc., the media company that owns cbs and mtv, offered investors a financial incentive to buy shares of the blockbuster inc.
4			captain	technology			technology rules in 'world of tomorrow' you'd better hope your computer doesn't break down today, because every self respecting geek with $ 10 and a pulse will be queuing up to see sky captain and the world of tomorrow.
3			holding			fcc exempts web phones from state rule u.s. communications regulators on tuesday exempted internet telephone services from certain state oversight, a boon for vonage holdings corp. and other providers aggressively pushing the new service.
4			software	networking	switch	version			cisco warns routers, switches are vulnerable to denial of service ... cisco releases an advisory warning that certain devices running ios version 12.2s software can be disabled by hackers. by preston gralla, networking pipeline.
4			suite	cell	feature			sprint offering wireless tracking devices sprint corp. said monday it is coming out with a suite of services aimed at helping companies better manage cell phones and pdas they issue to employees, including a feature to remotely erase sensitive information from devices that are lost or stolen.
1			election	raid	opposition			raids on ukraine poll opponents several raids have been carried out on opposition offices in ukraine just over a week before presidential elections.
4			supercomputer	hardware			nec updates vector supercomputer com october 21, 2004, 5:09 am pt. zdnet 's survey of it professionals in october kept upgrading hardware at number two on the businesses radar throughout the year.
1			president			jacques derrida dies; deconstructionist philosopher jacques derrida, 74, originator of the diabolically difficult school of philosophy known as deconstructionism, died oct. 9, the office of french president jacques chirac announced.
3			sale			pulitzer hired banker to explore sale newspaper publisher pulitzer inc. confirmed on sunday it hired a financial adviser to help it explore strategic options, including a possible sale of the company.
4			application	technology	enterprise			symbol technologies launches new family of enterprise class ... company tm , today introduced the first in a new family of durable enterprise digital assistant eda products specifically designed for business essential applications within the enterprise environment.
4			ibm	talk	technology			lenovo may be in acquisition talks with ibm china 's biggest computer maker said tuesday it is in acquisition talks with a major international technology company, a disclosure which comes amid reports it might buy ibm corp.
3			trader			ex el paso traders plead guilty to false reports two more former natural gas traders for el paso corp. have pleaded guilty to reporting bogus deals in a widening investigation of the industry, the us attorney 's office said.
1			opposition			pierce outshines sharapova nine saturdays ago, the answer was maria sharapova, the 6 foot siberian who made the opposition at wimbledon seem like seven female dwarfs.
4			system	crisis	cell			crisis alert in critical state while tv viewers and radio listeners have long suffered through ear piercing emergency alert tests, the system has had a spotty record in actual crises. that's why critics are leery of plans to expand the system to cell phones and pcs. by randy dotinga.
4			software			four southern californians charged in counterfeit software case four southern california residents pleaded innocent to conspiring to distribute more than $ 30 million in counterfeit computer software and products, authorities said.
4			system	software	version			sun lures siebel to x86 solaris sun signs up the software company to support its attempt to make useful a version of its solaris operating system for x86 chips.
4			user	microsoft	technology	developer	application			microsoft 's avalon will make networked applications smarter members of microsoft 's developer network got a sneak peek at microsoft 's avalon windowing elements technology last week. avalon, which will make the user interface much more than just a
1			leader	party	election			taiwan's pro independence parties defeated taiwan's pro independence parties were defeated in legislative elections saturday, a result sure to please chinese leaders who regard the island as part of the mainland.
1			crisis	country	president			arroyo vows philippines will not default philippine president gloria arroyo said the country would not default on its debt repayments even if the country were in the midst of a fiscal crisis.
4			microsoft	suite	tool	software	spyware			microsoft to create security suite? microsoft announced today that it had bought new york software company giant company software, which produces a robust anti spyware tool.
4			software			former dot com commerce one eyes closure commerce one inc., an internet software maker valued at 20 billion at the peak of dot com mania, is poised to go out of business as a pauper.
4			cell	technology			motorola will add nfc payment function to cell phones motorola inc. is the latest company to move towards adding a payment function based on near field communication nfc technology to its line of cell phones, the company announced tuesday.
4			player	generation			hollywood backs toshiba on dvd format japanese electronics maker toshiba corp. is getting support from four hollywood studios for its next generation dvd format which is expected to be used in players, recorders and other products that go on the market late in 2005.
4			technology			bluetooth group releases three year road map bluetooth products will have triple the bandwidth and be able to multicast to seven devices in future releases, according to bluetooth backers, who defend the technology against ultrawideband and other approaches to short range wireless.
2			game			mrs a could mean far more to london than mrs b many said these games would be a shambles, but they turned out to be sensational. sensational not just because of the virtual dope of the day revelations but in their ancient concept and their modern execution.
4			system	microsoft			microsoft snatches pda market lead from palmsource microsoft corp. led the market in the third quarter for operating systems used in personal digital assistants, surpassing for the first time the palm os that dominated the handheld computer segment for years.
4			microsoft	application	suite	source			singapore dumps microsoft, goes open source the defense ministry of singapore, the latest government agency to spurn microsoft for open source, said this week that it's turning to the openoffice application suite rather than updating microsoft office.
4			tool	game			wired tools 2004 the coolest geek shopping list ever: 129 of the best screens, cams, phones, games and gadgets of the year, from wired magazine.
3			stock			stocks to watch wednesday stocks to watch on wednesday: forest laboratories inc.
3			discount	profit	chain	sale	retailer	gain			target posts higher quarterly profit target corp. , the no. 2 u.s. discount retailer, on thursday posted a higher quarterly profit, boosted by stronger sales and gains from the sale of its mervyn's department store chain.
2			coach	game			friedgen 's qb call: gametime terrapin quarterbacks joel statham and jordan steffy will compete the remainder of the week to start saturday at clemson. coach ralph friedgen said yesterday his choice will be a game time decision.
4			system			ford dumps oracle car firm ford has given up trying to integrate oracle 's everest system into its networks as a bad job.
1			relation	victory	election			victory spells trouble for us europe relations vienna: george w bushs victory in the us presidential election is likely to prolong and even widen the trans atlantic rift, adding new urgency to a growing sense in europe of the need for a balance to us might.
2			final	round	sport			korean challenges hamm gold south koreas tae young yang has filed an appeal to the court of arbitration for sport challenging the result of the mens all round gymnastics final.
4			desktop	tool	enterprise	version			google under pressure over desktop search analyst firm gartner has put out a statement warning businesses to steer clear of google 's desktop search tool until a more robust, enterprise ready version is released.
1			talk			finally, a car that talks back the geographically challenged need no longer feel shame. men and women who lose their way will be able to safely ask for directions without having to stop gasp at a gas station.
1			politician	country	president	minister			bangladeshi politicians attacked a former president and former foreign minister of bangladesh are attacked in the north of the country.
4			standard			facing putting the children through college norfolk county treasurer joseph connolly makes $ 89,000 a year. his wife, elaine, has a hotel job, and they own a home in weymouth. connolly also has two part time jobs, one of them a seat on the weymouth city council, another teaching at curry college. by most standards this family would be considered well off.
4			application	technology	enterprise			symbol launches new pocket pc with wireless lan symbol technologies, inc. has introduced the first in a new family of what they call durable enterprise digital assistant eda products specifically designed for business essential applications within the enterprise environment.
4			file	technology			legal peer to peer services: gimmick or genius? few in the tech world need an introduction to napster 's founder, the college dropout whose revolutionary file swapping technology shook the foundations of the $ 11bn record industry.
4			system	upgrade	pack			windows xp service pack 2: major upgrade is not for everyone windows xp service pack 2 is the first major upgrade to the world 's most popular operating system in well over a year.
4			vendor			ex kmart execs charged in $ 24 million fraud federal regulators charged three former kmart executives and five current and former managers of major vendors with accounting fraud, claiming they misrepresented
2			play	player			the playlist: sony and mp3, together at last the consumer electronics giant is finally ready to build mp3 players that play mp3s. what does that mean to the industry?
3			fund	good	profit	investment			we re good for policyholders, says osmond hugh osmond, the pubs to pizzas entrepreneur leading the , yesterday outlined a vision of delivering much better investment returns to policyholders stranded in closed with profit funds.
2			hockey	player	sergei	sport			sports roundup: hockey player, 31, dies former nashville predators center sergei zholtok died wednesday in his native latvia of an apparent heart ailment, according to the predators website.
3			good			eu lifts sanctions on us for now the european union decided yesterday to lift heavy punitive tariffs on us goods but said it might renew them if the world trade organization confirms suspected loopholes
4			sharing	software			hackers revive itunes music sharing ourtune a group of anonymous programmers has released new software that allows music to be swapped via apple computer 's popular itunes jukebox.
2			sport			in conte's '20 20' remarks, legal experts see a risk as lacerating as victor conte jr.'s remarks were about widespread doping in elite sport, his appearance on the abc program was also puzzling to legal experts.
4			technology			loss widens; 3 million customers seen by year 's end tivo said on monday that its quarterly loss widened, citing increased marketing costs, but the maker of digital video recording technology said it expects to have 3 million subscriptions by the end of the year.
3			discount	share	sale	retailer			tiffany co. selling stake in aber diamond aber diamond corp. said tuesday that world renowned retailer tiffany co. has sold its 8 million shares of aber, and the companies have ended their discount sales agreement .
4			inventory	technology			odin aims to lead rfid technology rfid tags, the dime sized devices that can track inventory from the factory to the store, are being embraced as one of the hottest of new technologies.
2			team	season			leicester in shock as adams quits in a move which astonished his employers as he believed that his own anxiety was spreading through the dressing room during the team 's poor start to the season.
1			affair			peoplesoft, oracle fight is a canine affair the wrangling between peoplesoft and oraclehas once again gone to the dogs.
3			sale			rose admits to dismal m s sales marks spencer yesterday revealed a further deterioration in trade with dire new sales figures for its fashion, food and homewares as it launched a 2.
3			growth			job growth is well below wall street forecasts the economy added 112,000 payroll jobs in november, the labor dept. reported today, far fewer than the month before.
1			talk			toogle: cool google image search implementation toogle: cool google image search implementation google has become a synonymous with internet searching. it has also become a verb with all those talks about googling this and googling that. but the truth remains; google is the best thing to happen to internet searching in years. and it does great at ...
3			growth			singapore growth set to contract singapore's economy grows by 8.1 in 2004, as a surge in manufacturing demand drove its best performance since 2000.
4			collaboration	hall	exchange	technology			culturally worlds apart, children touch musically a simulcast music exchange at carnegie hall on saturday showed how technology can transform social studies and musical collaboration.
3			good			sportsview: plenty of seats to see bonds there were still plenty, way too many, good seats available.
3			investor	broker	share			abn amro leads european shares higher european shares opened firmer on thursday led by abn amro as investors applauded the savings the dutch broker will make from cutting jobs.
3			high	chain	retailer			mixed fortunes for fashion chains fashion retailers austin reed and ted baker have reported contrasting fortunes on the high street. austin reed reported interim losses of 2.
4			processor	speed	version			transmeta's m8800 efficeon processor powers down new version of the efficeon processor uses only 3 watts of power at 1 ghz speed.
4			software			oracle sets its sights on small biz software giant unveils apps for companies with limited it resources.
1			parliament	country			somalia swears in new mps somalia, the only country without a national government, took a step towards ending its failed state status yesterday as international mediators swore in members of its new parliament.
4			vendor			security firms bulk up ca buys antispyware vendor pestpatrol while mcafee snaps up foundstone.
4			point	silicon	technology	price			intel tv chip is delayed intel said it will delay its highly anticipated television chips, based on liquid crystal on silicon, or lcos, technology, which promises to deliver large screen tvs at a price point half of what they cost today. the chipmaker said the ...
2			race			wash. gop gubernatorial candidate ahead republican dino rossi kept a razor thin lead in the washington governor's race as counties raced a wednesday deadline for recounting 2.8 million ballots and girded for yet another possible recount.
3			investor	stock			staying power of google inc.? time will tell investors who got in on the ground floor of google inc. 's public stock offering might be tempted to pop some champagne corks right about now.
4			user	system	networking	price			cisco users see some pricing relief san jose cisco systems inc. 's prices have typically been higher than those charged by its smaller networking rivals.
4			share	holding	stock	design	technology	gain			tech shares close higher technology shares closed mostly higher monday, with semiconductor related stocks extending the gains made last week as artisan components soared on word that uk based arm holdings agreed to buy the chip design company.
2			crowd	team	suite	baseball	sport			baseball crowds market area companies may not have the budget to buy premium sports tickets or lease luxury suites to washington's new baseball team.
3			good			making informed search keyword choices making informed search keyword choices marketers stake much of their livelihood on keywords, whether for proper search engine optimization or targeted pay per click advertising. one challenge faced by inexperienced marketers involves knowing which phrases to target out of hundreds of combinations. often, one will find terms which look good, but later testing reveals ...
4			system	platform	microsystems			solaris 10 to launch november 15 the suspense is finally over. on november 15, sun microsystems will finally launch its much anticipated solaris 10 unix operating system for ultrasparc, sparc64, and x86 platforms.
1			party	election			schroeder 's party routed in german vote chancellor gerhard schroeder 's party was routed in elections sunday in the small western state of saarland, where public anger over his cuts in social programs also boosted a small
4			infrastructure	priority	identity	enterprise	project			europe blesses oracle peoplesoft union com october 26, 2004, 7:41 am pt. this fourth priority 's main focus has been enterprise directories as organizations spawn projects around identity infrastructure.
2			championship			stadler leads sas championship by two craig stadler had the answers ready, as if he expected the questions.
3			application	enterprise			in brief: bowstreet unveils pre packaged portal offerings bowstreet this week launched its enterprise portal solutions, a set of portal based composite applications designed to bolster employee, partner, and customer productivity.
3			general	good	profit			aerospace rebound good for gen. dynamics defense contractor general dynamics corp. on wednesday posted a higher third quarter profit led by a big rebound in its aerospace segment.
2			basketball	championship	soccer	team	talk	season	kick	sport			uconn still gets a kick out of women's soccer when people talk about sports at the university of connecticut, the subject most likely is basketball. men's or women's, it really doesn't matter, since both teams won the national championship last season. but there's another sport on campus that, although it doesn't grab as many headlines, is just as well respected in its circles.
2			champion			rossi says no to f1, for now newly crowned motogp champion, valentino rossi, has revealed that, contrary to speculation, he has no intention of switching to f1, for at least a couple of years.
2			club			shackin' up with big sam radioshack signs a deal to operate wireless phone kiosks in sam's club locations.
4			series	tool	ibm	software	technology			ibm trots out new workplace products ibm on tuesday released a series of new products and services in its workplace productivity software lineup. ibm workplace blends collaborative tools from lotus notes domino with websphere portal and everyplace technologies.
4			lab	technology			hp developing 'smart rack' to ease data center work company shows off labor saving data center technology at palo alto research lab.
1			war			vaccine makes war on sperm making protein a contraceptive vaccine for men that temporarily blocks male fertility has come a step closer with a study showing it is possible to inoculate monkeys against their own sperm.
3			profit			mizuho, sumitomo mitsui post lower profits mizuho and sumitomo mitsui, two of japan 's four biggest banking groups, reported monday that their group net profits for the first fiscal half fell from the previous year, despite some progress in getting rid of bad debts.
2			mariner	season			poor season dooms melvin asked last friday if he had been given any news of his fate or his future with the mariners, bob melvin said he had not. but look around the office, he said with a grim smile.
2			basketball	play	season			stricken washington guard to return twenty months after her teammates helped save her life when her heart stopped, kayla burt said tuesday she plans to again play basketball for washington in the 2004 05 season.
4			system	high	speed	technology			convention boasts miles of technology the republican national convention has more than 40,000 miles of cabling to operate high speed computer systems, telephone lines and live television broadcasts.
3			profit	enterprise			playboy posts a profit for latest quarter playboy enterprises inc. on tuesday said it rebounded to post a third quarter profit as advertising rose sharply at the company 's flagship magazine.
4			desktop	platform			weighing the desktop search pros and cons the in item for big four of the search industry google, yahoo, msn, and, ask jeeves is desktop search utilities. by early next year, all the major search platforms will should have a branded, functional
3			investor	jean			update 5: vivendi, messier are fined $ 1.35m each french regulators fined vivendi universal sa and its former boss jean marie messier nearly $ 1.4 million each on tuesday for deceiving investors with a litany of inaccurate financial communications issued over a two year period.
2			play	game	core			armored core: clean front being part of the psp launch doesn 't just mean being the first to play playstation portable games. sure, that part 's cool as is lording over your friends and family as one of the only
3			profit	retailer	vendor	bankruptcy			3 former kmart execs charged with fraud three former kmart executives and representatives of several major vendors were charged on thursday with fraudulently accounting for 24 million of profit before the retailer filed for bankruptcy in 2002.
2			champion	arrest	race	sport			fixing racing 's biggest problem the arrest of 16 people, including champion jockey kieren fallon, in an investigation into horse race fixing is clearly very embarrassing for the sport.
4			development	technology	code	qualcomm	access			qualcomm opens cdma development centre in hyderabad code division multiple access cdma technology major qualcomm inc on friday announced the opening of a research and development r in hyderabad, to support its chipset development activities.
3			stock			stocks flat on economic data mixed u.s. stocks barely budged on friday afternoon as data gave a mixed picture of the economy, which grew at a slower than expected pace in the third quarter.
4			high	sale	technology	retailer			dixons ditches the video recorder high street electrical retailer dixons is ditching the vcr because of falling sales and the increased popularity of newer technology.
4			system	graphic	ati	technology			ati announces hypermemory canada's ati technologies nasdaq: atyt has announced a memory technology that cuts pc system costs by using system memory for graphics processing.
3			investment			investcorp to buy thomson media for $ 350m investcorp sa, a private investment firm, has inked a $ 350 million all cash deal to buy 54 business publications put on the block by the thomson corp.
4			un	energy	technology			us presses atomic energy agency for strong stand on iran vienna: a us official expressed alarm thursday that iran might have a test site for nuclear weapons technology and pressed the un nuclear watchdog agency to take a tougher position on the issue.
3			shareholder			ca execs hold on to their bonuses a proposal to claw back bonuses paid to executives under the cloud of an accounting scandal has been rejected by computer associates shareholders.
2			champion			raikkonen can be schumacher's heir, says brawn finland's kimi raikkonen can be michael schumacher's heir as formula one champion, according to ferrari's ross brawn.
1			election			ukraine candidate poisoning investigated ukrainian prosecutors opened a criminal investigation into the alleged poisoning of a leading candidate in a crucial presidential election scheduled for next month, officials said.
4			system	value			clash of the titans when search engines collide when search engines collide billions of pages going to trillions. most of the information available online is replicated again and again, then twisted, corrupted and re entered. when one search question retrieves one million answers, the system fails results have little or no value.
1			leader	affair	prime	minister			senate probe needed: faulkner a senate inquiry was needed into claims that the prime minister misled the australian public over the children overboard affair, labor senate leader john faulkner said.
4			user	system	attack			phishing attacks may no longer require lure typically e mailed as enticements to bogus sites that endanger users systems and expose their personal information is limited in scope
1			party	election			dashed hopes in hong kong pro democracy parties in hong kong have expressed disappointment at the outcome of sunday 's parliamentary elections. the pro democracy camp secured 25 seats on the
2			medal	team			duvall rider, teammates awarded bronze medal duvall 's amy tryon will return home from the 2004 olympics with a medal after all. tryon and the other members of the us equestrian team earned the bronze medal in the team eventing competition
2			nfl	playoff	race	baseball	talk	sport			george johnson on sports: nfl, baseball, wnba description: george johnson talks about the nfl, wnba playoffs, baseball pennant races and other sports headlines. there 's the music which means it 's time to bounce.
4			system	holding			fisher paykel buys us manufacturer fisher paykel appliance holdings ltd announced the acquisition of us manufacturer dynamic cooking systems inc dcs for a total of $ nz83.
4			vendor			digital assistants continue to lose ground shipments of personal digital assistants declined for the third consecutive quarter as large vendors continued ceding the depressed market to smaller electronics makers, the research firm idc said wednesday.
3			investor			can gamestop be stopped? gamestop's lack of a competitive advantage leaves investors with many questions.
4			software	microsoft			microsoft unveils playsforsure logo which signifies ... software giant microsoft is casting its sights on the digital media marketplace by positioning itself as pro consumer choice.
4			technology			linear 's founding ceo to step down linear technology corp., a maker of linear integrated circuits that transform analog signals into digital form, said wednesday that chief executive bob swanson will shift to a new role after 23 years to become executive chairman.
1			president			challenges for mr. karzai a fghanistan 's three year drive for stability reached a milestone when mr. hamid karzai was sworn in tuesday as its first popularly elected president.
4			generation	system	increase	design	software	networking	development	price			in brief: cisco acquires startup bcn systems cisco systems has finalized an agreement to purchase privately held bcn systems, a provider of networking software design. under the terms of the agreement, cisco will pay approximately 34 million in cash for bcn. the price could increase by as much as 122 million if bcn meets certain development and product milestones. bcn's architecture will be incorporated across cisco's broad routing portfolio and will support cisco's delivery of next generation data, voice, and video services over a converged network.
1			party	opposition	attack			bangladesh 's opposition party calls for another strike the main opposition party in bangladesh has called for another nationwide strike to protest a deadly grenade attack at a party rally in the capital, dhaka, eight days ago.
3			share	stock	sale	technology	dow			techs seen heading lower; data on tap u.s. technology shares were expected to open lower on thursday, weighed down by a sales warning from applied materials inc. , while s p and dow stock futures were flat before weekly jobless claims data.
4			grid	party	ibm	technology	developer	version			ibm shows off new grid apps ibm on friday is scheduled to make available early versions of three grid based technologies intended to help corporate and third party developers better manage grid based resources as a way to solve large and compute intensive problems.
2			quarterback	stadium	game	football			no. 15 va. tech drubs maryland 55 6 virginia tech quarterback bryan randall 3 twarts the tackle of maryland 's dominique foxworth 6 during first half action of the maryland va tech atlantic coast conference college football game at lane stadium in blacksburg, va.
2			game	top	title	season			video's virtual wonderland again this year, we offer the video game shopper a cheat sheet identifying some of the top titles of the holiday season. keep in mind that weird tastes abound and some are reflected on this list, which is culled from hundreds of games released in time for the holidays.
2			career			adv: earn your college degree today receive an accredited college degree based on your work and life experience. almeda university can help you take charge of your career. our evaluation process is free.
4			server			hp discontinues its itanium workstations the intel chip, once expected to dominate the server market and even creep into pcs, takes yet another knock.
4			microsoft	feature			firefox browser, a microsoft rival, fully released the free firefox web browser, which has chipped away at the market dominance of microsoft corp. 's msft.o: quote, profile, research internet explorer, has been readied for a full release including new features designed to make it more
4			side	technology			lucent, unions delay pact deadline lucent technologies inc. and two labor unions agreed yesterday to give themselves one more day to avoid a possible strike. both sides faced a midnight
2			basketball	point	pas	team	game			usa women pass first big test: spain athens the usa women 's basketball team sailed through their first three games as though they were on a mediterranean cruise, trouncing opponents by more than 30 points a game.
2			top	score	player	high	game			world's top game players battle for cash for the world's best video game players, getting the high score is no longer enough.
4			energy	green	good	technology	institute	scientist	source			we're talking real 'green' energy scientists at the massachusetts institute of technology have proved what popeye already knew spinach is an excellent energy source. it's so good that in 10 years, our cellphones and portable computers may be coated in a spinach based material that provides their electrical power.
1			fighting			new 'yob' targets to be unveiled fifty new areas which will get special help in fighting anti social behaviour are being named on wednesday.
4			grid	vendor	computing			report: learning is key to grid success grid computing looks to have a promising future if vendors can continue to educate it departments about its benefits.
1			talk	value			china: yuan speculation 'groundless' china poured cold water on tuesday on speculation it will strengthen the yuan's value soon, saying such talk is groundless and that it will not resort to a one off revaluation of the tightly held currency.
4			system			german recycling violates eu law parts of germany 's complex can and bottle recycling system violate european union law, according to a ruling yesterday by the european court of justice, the eu 's highest court.
3			earnings			local earnings group 1 automotive posts $ 9.6 million loss group 1 automotive reported a net loss of $ 9.6 million for the third quarter, which ended sept. 30. the results include a charge of $ 29.
2			play	tournament	master			pilkadaris loses asian masters play off australian golfer terry pilkadaris has finished runner up in the masters of asia tournament in the malaysian capital kuala lumpur.
3			profit	sale	share			apple reports fourth quarter results for its fiscal 2004 fourth quarter, apple posted a net profit of $ 106 million, or $ .26 per diluted share. these results compare to a profit of $ 44 million, or $ .12 per share, a year ago. revenue for the quarter was $ 2.35 billion, up 37 from a year ago. gross margin was 27, up from 26.6 last year. international sales accounted for 37 of revenue. oct 13
4			software			homemade sat radio software bump a canadian programmer who subscribes to satellite radio writes a little piece of software allowing him to record shows directly onto his pc. then he sells the program to others. now the riaa and xm radio are busy figuring out how to bust him for it.
4			content			how much hollywood for comcast? in a first of its kind deal, comcast quote, chart has struck a broad content distribution pact with sony pictures that includes plans to expand its video on demand define menu.
4			technology	copy			msn improves search with rosette linguistic analysis msn improves search with rosette linguistic analysis found by way of a webmasterworld featured post, an article named basis technology enhances multilingual search in msn search engine. an other, more detailed article on this can be found at yahoo! news, which is basically a copy of the offical press release. the rosette ...
3			good	wizard			wizards can spot a liar instantly a handful of people, mostly elderly, are so good at working out when someone is truthful that experts yesterday called them the wizards of lie detection.
4			system	broadband			company claims first true wimax chip wireless broadband systems should be available next year, wavesat says.
4			reader	technology			firefox web browser fast forward columnist rob pegoraro discusses the firefox web browser and answers personal technology questions from readers.
4			share	microsoft	software	code	source			microsoft shares office source code software giant hopes to convince governments that its products are secure.
2			trick	team			beach volleyball: brazilians aim for podium again brazil have had two women's teams on the beach volleyball podium at the last two olympics and moved a step closer to a hat trick tuesday.
1			fighting			doctors work to save haiti storm survivors with no electricity or running water and short of basics like antibiotics, doctors in makeshift clinics are fighting to save survivors of tropical storm jeanne ven
1			corruption	politician			brazil uncovers corrupt officials federal prosecutors in brazil say they have identified 137 politicians and more than 400 officials involved in a corruption scandal.
4			software	standard	vendor	source			it vendors release royalty free software for messaging fujitsu limited and nec corporation has jointly developed a messaging software that implements the web services reliability ws reliability standard and will be releasing it as an open source.
2			play			playwright created a psychiatrist by plagiarizing one, accusers say a criminal psychiatrist and a writer for the new yorker have accused playwright bryony lavery of plagiarizing their work in her play frozen.
1			leader			european leaders in rome for eu constitution signing at an historic ceremony in rome on friday, european leaders signed the treaty establishing the eu constitution. before it takes effect, however, the document must be ratified by all member states a process expected to take about two years.
4			microsoft	tool	developer	application	version			microsoft previews whitehorse developer tools microsoft released on tuesday a preview version of new tools intended to make it easier for companies to create custom web applications.
3			sale	retailer	fall			toys r us still selling toys retailer posts wider operating loss; revenue slips from year earlier, as us same store sales fall. new york cnn money beleaguered toy retailer toys r us, in the midst of a major restructuring of its
4			system	linux	mac	alternative	use			at looks into closing its windows network services giant at is evaluating different operating systems, including linux and mac os x, as alternatives to windows for internal use.
2			player	coach	morning	team			coach tells players he 's not going to mississippi san francisco 49ers coach dennis erickson informed this players during a wednesday morning team meeting that he will not leave to become the new head coach at the university of mississippi.
4			development	silicon	technology	developer			ericsson halts bluetooth development ericsson sverige ab, a swedish developer of telecommunications silicon, said it has decided to stop bluetooth development, which the company said was an indicator of the technology 's mature state.
1			war			singapore 'would not back taiwan' singapore's new pm says he would not back taiwan if it provoked a war with china over independence.
3			shareholder			bt bids for us telecoms provider bt has made a $ 965mn bid for california based telecommunications services provider infonet. the deal is subject to approval by infonet 's shareholders and regulatory authorities and if given the go ahead is
2			player	baseball			sportsview: selig co. hear 'chin music' linda cropp just became my favorite baseball player. the chair of the washington, d.c., city council doesn't own a uniform, won't ever set foot inside a batter's box, and probably couldn't break an egg if she had to throw it off a mound.
3			share	stock	price			google, set for offering, cuts share price by about a quarter oogle today cut the estimated price range of its initial stock offering by about a quarter, to between $ 85 and $ 95 a share, valuing the internet search engine company by as much as $ 25.8 billion.
2			game			canadian animator who worked on halo 2 can 't wait to go online ... halo 2 has been nathan walpole 's life for more than two years. he helped create the video game, spending 20 hour days in the bungie studios office in redmond, wash.
2			basketball	coach			depaul 's leitao gets contract extension depaul university head men 's basketball coach dave leitao agreed to a six year contract extension on friday.
2			sport	team	bowl	season			akron odd team out as bowl season begins there's the gmac bowl, the emerald bowl and the champs sports bowl. and there's the continental tire bowl and the insight bowl and the mpc computers bowl.
4			space	technology	moon			european craft to probe moon colonies a tiny craft powered by star trek technology is standing at the gateway to the moon and a landmark date in the history of european space exploration.
4			switch			cisco switch products target small business company aggressively addresses smaller businesses with products that reduce the cost and complexity of operating a cisco network.
4			user			mobissimo officially launches travel search engine mobissimo inc. officially launched its online travel search engine on tuesday and said it has added a new service that allows users to search for rental cars.
4			user			court tosses verisign suit vs. internet overseers a federal judge on friday dismissed an antitrust complaint against a key internet oversight group brought by a company that controls directories for guiding internet users worldwide. u.s...
2			fan	sport			jarno takes in the olympics sports fan jarno trulli got a rare privilege this week as he visited the olympics in athens, as a guest of puma.
4			technology			agreement reached for resolution on iran's nuclear program u.s. and european negotiators agreed on a draft resolution meant to deprive iran of technology used to make nuclear weapons.
2			game			video games the answer to society 's happiness it 's almost the end of the semester and many male students are turning to video games, instead of the internet, to relieve some much built up stress.
2			player			the ipod's big brother apple's latest computer is as cool and sleek as its best selling music player
4			system	microsoft			distrusted systems the news this week that the european commission is investigating microsoft 's and time warner 's april acquisition of contentguard is not trivial, and it 's not just another case of oh, let 's get microsoft .
4			system	high	broadband	server			sony to disclose details on computer chip sony corp. plans in 2006 to begin selling home servers for broadband and high definition tv systems powered by a revolutionary new computer chip, the japanese electronics and entertainment giant said monday.
2			medal	race			radcliffe shrugs off pressure britain's gold medal hope in the women's marathon paula radcliffe insists she is focused ahead of the race.
4			infrastructure			yoran: feds, companies should continue infrastructure discussions in the event of a computer failure such as the one that caused massive power outages in the northeast and upper midwest last year, can the federal government intervene?
1			leader	party	president			china 's hu, jiang in struggle for power description: as leaders of china 's communist party meet in beijing, much of the focus is on the rivalry between president hu jintao and former president jiang zemin.
2			game	sale			nintendo sells 500,000 ds handhelds in first week nintendo sold 500,000 nintendo ds video game devices during the first week of sales in us stores for the new handheld featuring two screens for game playing, the japanese game maker said wednesday.
2			team	technology	cup	game	sport			girl gamers tackle male field les seules, an all girl swedish video game team, takes on the boys in a male dominated competition at a new york technology and entertainment convention. the group placed fourth in the female division at the electronic sports world cup in paris.
4			grid	speed	nation	technology	broadband	development	high	access			fcc okays powerline internet access the federal communications commission has approved rules which it claims will encourage development of broadband access over power lines, a new technology that provides access to high speed broadband services using the nation 's power grid instead of phone
4			shareholder	software			peoplesoft defies $ 9.2bn oracle bid american software giant peoplesoft remained defiant against oracle 's hostile $ 9.2billion 5billion bid yesterday despite peoplesoft shareholders backing the offer over the weekend.
2			user	sport	generation			espn to launch mobile phone service in sprint deal walt disney co.'s espn sports television network is launching its own brand of mobile phone service in a deal with sprint corp. intended to lure new users with sports news sent over a next generation network, the companies said on wednesday.
4			round	technology			job cuts in tech sector soar, report finds the u.s. technology sector suffered another round of widespread layoffs during the third quarter, with computer firms slashing jobs most aggressively, a report said on monday.
3			sale	estate			kmart: retail or real estate? lately, the company's retail operation has been lagging behind sales of its locations.
4			standard	generation			group ratifies next generation epc specs the global standard will drive commercialization of rfid and epc worldwide, according to epcglobal.
4			retailer	technology			google steals a page from amazon 's book search frankfurt london reuters news service, 7 october 2004 google yesterday introduced a new search technology to help publishers sell books online, a fast growing market dominated by internet retailer amazon.
2			match			web site helps undecided voters choose presidential guidester polls voters, matches their positions with those of candidates.
1			leader			co founder of google 's blogger leaving company web search leader google inc. goog.o: quote, profile, research on thursday said the head of its web log service, blogger, will leave at the end of the week to pursue other interests.
1			president			intel appoints otellini as ceo intel 's board of directors has elected current president and chief operating officer paul otellini as its next chief executive, succeeding craig barrett, who was named new chairman of the board.
4			generation			hollywood split as disney backs blu ray with the blu ray disc association securing non exclusive backing from disney, the major hollywood studios are split down the middle over next generation dvd.
4			system	nation	upgrade	microsoft			microsoft timing is late for schools microsoft 's decision to release a major upgrade for its flagship operating system in the same month that hundreds of thousands of students are reporting to college campuses across the nation is causing a major headache for some universities.
4			system	management			cisco buys it management start up acquisition is expected to help cisco systems reinforce its network management offerings.
4			vendor	storage			storage vendors push decentralization storage vendors storagetek and adaptec this week will boost their offerings with products that further decentralize data and storage for branch and remote offices.
3			investment			wasserstein ready to quit lazard bruce wasserstein, the combative chief executive of investment bank lazard, is expected to agree this week that he will quit the group unless he can pull off a successful
2			cricket	sale	sport			india court orders new bids for tv rights sale bombay: indian cricket 's record sale of television rights for $ 308 million was put on hold yesterday after a court proposed a re bid following objections from the sports network which missed out, a report said.
3			growth			china's economic boom slows down china's economic growth slows for a third straight quarter as efforts to rein in booming expansion continue to take hold.
3			profit	share	airway	fuel			qantas posts record year profit sydney: qantas airways ltd, australia 's biggest airline, said yesterday its full year profit doubled on cost cuts and a pick up in passengers, but the prospect of higher fuel costs sent its shares sliding.
1			uncertainty	politician	election	finance			judge tosses 15 of 19 new campaign finance rules a federal judge found monday that new rules from the federal election commission did not follow the intent of lawmakers who wrote a sweeping new law designed to change the way politicians raise money, creating uncertainty for
4			system	spacecraft			spacecraft to launch oct 26 with first spacecraft based ecliptic ... the first spacecraft with an ecliptic rocketcam video system on board is scheduled for launch around 11:15 am pdt by a pegasus xl winged rocket on october 26 tuesday off the california coast near vandenberg air force base.
2			football	dream	night	player	coach			hokies are free to focus on cavs until late thursday night, virginia tech 's football players were under strict orders from coach frank beamer to think, speak and dream only of the university of maryland.
1			cabinet			new somali cabinet named in exile a new government is named for somalia but it remains too dangerous for them to be based in the capital.
4			user	ibm	technology			ibm opens on demand tech center hoping literally to bring users more in touch with its on demand technologies, ibm on monday announced the opening of a new technology center in gaithersburg, md., to help users implement a number of different orchestration and provisioning capabilities.
4			software	version			first look: musicmatch jukebox's impressive version 10 free software helps organize large music collections.
4			lab	microsoft	computing	technology			microsoft to open research lab in india microsoft corp. is setting up a research lab in bangalore, india, that will focus on areas including computing technologies for emerging markets, according to a company executive.
3			share			oraclesoft at last oracle announces a blowout quarter and a deal for peoplesoft at $ 26.50 per share.
4			processor	system	linux	silicon	graphic			sgi launches linux based visual computer line silicon graphics inc. sgi on monday will launch the successor line to its onyx visualization systems. called prism, the systems will be based on intel corp.'s itanium 2 processor and the linux operating system.
4			grid	aid	management	technology	computing			grid computing applied to it automation year old start up cassatt has launched a new service for automating it operations using grid technology. cassatt will aid the management and aggregation of a large number of machines
2			season			holiday shoppers hospitalized after spray released in toy store the holiday shopping season got an unexpected twist of craziness saturday when someone released pepper spray in an elevator at the toys r us store in times square, sending at least three people
1			leader	crisis	election			rural leaders put heat on tory government as alta election looms edmonton cp with just days to go before monday's provincial election, alberta's tory government is taking some heat from rural municipal leaders over its provincial water policy and the handling of the mad cow crisis.
3			retailer			virgin seeks slice of net music virgin becomes one of the first major music retailers to enter an increasingly crowded online music market.
4			user	shot	technology	share			blackberry, bluetooth miss a shot to move into more hands blackberrys and bluetooth share an embarrassing trait these two uses of wireless technology have remained stubbornly irrelevant to many mainstream users, despite the benefits they might offer and the hype they often get in the press.
2			player	team			attitude angers beasley fullback fred beasley appears to be on a campaign to shake up his team, particularly the younger players. after beasley said the team lacked fire on monday, he was back at it wednesday, criticizing members
1			party			congress sets federal deficit estimate at $ 442 billion the estimate by congress' nonpartisan budget experts immediately provided political fodder for both parties.
2			game	match	win			strange case of the game of two halves scotland have waited 22 years for a win over the wallabies and they will have to wait at least another two weeks after yesterdays match, a contest of sharply contrasting fortunes.
2			champion	title			boxing: ronald wright retains titles ronald wright used an effective right jab to retain his world boxing association and world boxing council junior middleweight titles when posting a majority decision over former champion shane mosley in las vegas yesterday.
4			tool			verizon adds shopping tools to verizon said on friday it has teamed up with ebay and for the roll out of new shopping tools on its online yellow pages site.
3			finance			college loans need creative change bold, innovative solutions are key to addressing the rapidly rising costs of higher education and the steady reduction in government subsidized help to finance such education.
4			auto	system			us struggles to develop auto safety analysis system us regulators have yet to complete an advanced system for fully analyzing crash data to identify defects four years after the deadly firestone tire debacle prompted an overhaul of federal auto safety oversight, a government watchdog
1			minister	finance			federal surplus to be $ 5.9 billion: goodale finance minister ralph goodale says the federal government should achieve an $ 5.9 billion surplus this year. that compares to $ 9.1 billion in 2003 04, he told the house of commons finance committee on tuesday.
1			election			why we fear the digital ballot while most experts appear to agree that electronic voting has real problems, few argue that they could completely undermine the november election.
4			un	technology			iran to respond over nuclear freeze iran was to respond today to europe 's offer for the islamic republic to avoid possible un sanctions and receive nuclear technology by indefinitely suspending uranium enrichment, but there was little hope of a breakthrough
1			leader			new york says best asset in 2012 bid is city itself new york's best asset in its bid to host the 2012 olympics is the city itself, campaign leader daniel doctoroff said on wednesday.
3			strength	growth			weak employment report casts doubts over us economic strength a weaker than anticipated report on the us labor market, showing just 112,000 jobs added in november, cast fresh doubts over the pace of growth of the world 's largest economy.
4			generation			for young armenians, a promised land without promise an independent armenia has proved too constricting and its promise too distant for the next generation's ambitions.
3			investor	profit	stock	earnings	dip	trading	gain			stocks dip on consumer income report news stocks drifted lower in extremely light trading monday as a disappointing consumer income report prompted investors to collect profits after two weeks of gains. several earnings warnings added to investors' uneasiness...
2			basketball	victory	team			olympics were hardly a total loss for harris his team won only twice in athens, but one of those victories was pure hoop ambrosia for del harris. and this is a man who has coached basketball at various locales for 44 years, guiding the likes of moses malone, shaquille o'neal, and sidney moncrief along the way.
2			medal	game			two golds make phelps day michael phelps showed no signs of either yesterday, swimming to two gold medals in the span of an hour at the athens olympic games.
3			stock			westfield group still a favourite frank lowy 's westfield group dominates the listed property trust sector by size and remains a favoured stock among brokers. after the $ 27 billion merger of the three westfield trusts earlier
3			good			nascars finest call its sad to think that nascar has gotten so good at this. weve watched their response to tragedy too many times not to recognize the seriousness of a situation.
1			iraq	politician	election	minister	tension	bomb			iraq political launch marred a deadly bomb blast in the holy shiite city of karbala and furious criticism of shiite politicians by iraq 's defense minister cast a pall over the official launch wednesday of iraq 's election campaign, threatening to inflame sectarian tension
1			politics	kerry	election	bush			satirists skewer u.s. candidates u.s. presidential hopefuls are the target of endless satirical barbs on the web as a host of cybercynics offer comic relief from election politics. opponents bush and kerry appear in fake news reports, multimedia presentations and artwork.
1			leader	terrorism			peru retries shining path leader guzman the founder of peru's maoist shining path insurgency raised a defiant fist and proclaimed glory to marxism in court friday as the government retried him on terrorism charges a decade after he was sentenced to life in prison.
3			investor	stock	exchange	trading	trader			etf investors going for gold traders awoke thursday to find a new gold backed security, streettracks gold gld:nyse commentary research , trading on the new york stock exchange under symbol gld.
3			drop	profit	sale			at wireless 's numbers down, prepares for acquisition by cingular com. at wireless announced a drop in sales and profits, as it moved closer to its planned acquisition by cingular wireless. the firm earned $ 117 million on revenues of $ 4.
2			auto	game			beware parents: some video games not for kids it may be hailed as one of the most innovative and popular video games to date, but media watchdogs are warning parents to think twice before placing the sexually explicit and ultra violent grand theft auto: san andreas adventure under the tree for
1			cabinet	country	minister	party	president			zimbabwe ruling party elects country 's first woman vice president zimbabwe 's ruling party elected longtime cabinet minister joyce mujuru as the country 's first woman vice president at the end of a party congress.
4			cell	generation			fcc frees up spectrum for 3g regulators set aside additional bandwidth for third generation cell phones and other advanced wireless services.
4			technology			lucent, unions delay contract deadline lucent technologies inc. and two labor unions agreed sunday to give themselves one more day to avoid a possible strike.
3			shareholder			ex pennichuck ceo settles in an unusual settlement to a lengthy investigation of the former chief executive of one of new hampshire's largest utilities, state and federal regulators yesterday said pennichuck corp. will make a special payment of $ 280,000 to its shareholders.
2			player			virgin to launch digital music player virgin electronics, the consumer electronics arm of sir richard branson's virgin group, has announced an own brand digital music player.
2			basketball	play	second	player	game			heeling power during every break in play, every timeout, every chance to catch a breath, one word was on the minds of the penn state women 's basketball players during the second half of sunday 's game against no.
2			player	game	enterprise			marvel sues 2 cos. over role playing game marvel enterprises inc. is suing two firms behind a computer superhero role playing game it claims allows players to make virtual characters that are too similar to the hulk, x men and other heroes in the comic book company's stable.
1			country	president			clinton spurs men to get hearts checked hospitals around the country are seeing an epidemic of clinton syndrome as worried, middle aged men take the former president's heart problems to heart and rush to get their own tickers checked. some, like gary haden, are scared enough to pay $ 400 out of their own pockets for a heart scan at a private center that will get them in the same day they call...
4			retailer	technology			google steals a page from amazon 's book search google inc. on wednesday introduced a new search technology to help publishers sell books online, a fast growing market dominated by internet retailer amazon.
4			ibm	talk	player	technology			ibm to sell pc business to lenovo? lenovo computers, chinas largest computer maker, said it is in acquisition talks with a major technology company at the same time that ibm says it is in talks with a major chinese player to sell its pc making business.
3			growth	value	stock			triple crown stock: value, growth, tech though omnivision's future isn't fully in focus, this camera chip maker looks set to turn megapixels into megaprofits.
3			discount	sale	earnings	retailer			eyeing a discount on hastings the multimedia entertainment retailer doubles earnings despite poor book sales and video rentals.
4			suite	frequency	tool	management	vendor	application	spyware			mcafee, ca integrate anti spyware as pests, adware, and other malicious applications infiltrate corporate computers with greater frequency, some vendors, including mcafee and computer associates, are bundling anti spyware into security management suites, giving it more tools to control the hazard.
4			system	linux			linux to ring up $ 35b by 2008 for a theoretically free operating system, linux is and will continue to be a cash cow. a research firm sees a bright financial future for the os.
4			technology			swiss cast votes online in referendum swiss authorities hailed as a success a test of internet voting in a national referendum, even as computer security experts remain skeptical that any online balloting could ever be secure using current technologies.
4			system	ryan			airlines told to cough up data the department of homeland security is looking for some live data to feed its new secure flight watch list system, so it will order airlines to fork over a months' worth of passenger itineraries. by ryan singel.
3			vendor	bankruptcy			global crossing cuts 600 jobs, announces q1, q2 results telecommunications network vendor global crossing cut its workforce by 600 workers, or about 15 of its global employees, as it continues to right itself about a year after emerging from bankruptcy.
3			management			nearly pain free surgery becoming more common doctors say patients timid about having surgeries for fear of pain shouldn't put it off: a new focus on patient comfort and advances in pain management are making many procedures nearly pain free.
4			patent	licensing	identification	frequency	technology	use	standard			intermec seeks id tag standard intermec technologies corp. has suspended a licensing policy for use of its radio frequency identification patents in order to help create one industrywide standard for the technology.
4			exchange	talk	technology			eu, iran deal uncertain as talks resume the european union pressed iran on wednesday to scrap its uranium enrichment program in exchange for nuclear technology, but diplomats said it was unclear if tehran would agree.
4			ball	hardware	side	good	software	vendor	technology	source			when good vendors go bad the most pervasive problem in running it is not a specific technology issue at all. its dealing with bad vendors. even if you have been able to reduce your it operation down to a pure open source environment on the software side, hardware still must be purchased through commercial channels. in the post boom it age, the power has supposedly shifted from vendor to buyer, but it managers continue to be manipulated by vendors who dont always act in the customers best interest. to keep vendors in line, it managers need to stay on the ball and punish bad behavior when it occurs by finding new suppliers.
2			game			these speakers go to 11 no, really, they do. logitech's z 5500 speaker set cranks up the sound for computers, game consoles and home theaters. by leander kahney.
3			value			granite gets two highway repair deals granite construction inc. said tuesday that it received two contracts, with a total value of about $ 274 million, for maintenance and improvement work on roadways in orange county, calif.
3			good			demand soars for laughing cow cheese cheese maker bob gilbert is struggling with his good fortune and his misfortune...
2			team	top			olympics doping greek media put country's honor above athletes the honor of greece lies above individual athletes and no backstage antics should compromise it, greek media said sunday, after the country's top athletes were suspended from the team under a cloud of doping suspicion.
4			nasa	technology			nasa develops revolutionary cockpit display technology imagine seeing clear skies all the time. it's not some weather fantasyland, but a revolutionary cockpit display technology being developed by nasa to make flying safer...
4			tool	software	development	technology	developer	application			borland folding cbuilder into delphi borland software in 2005 plans to fold its cbuilder developer tool line into the companys delphi ide tool family for windows application development, thus answering the question about what the company had planned to do with the technology.
1			talk			air talks back on runway the news came as airbus predicted that 17,300 new passenger and freight aircraft, worth $ 1.9trillion, were needed to meet global demand over the next 20 years.
4			auto	technology	fuel			diesels, hybrids fated to wed linking hybrid motors with diesel engines would create the most fuel efficient mainstream vehicles to date, auto industry experts say. while the technology is already used for buses, automakers look to extend it to other vehicles. by john gartner.
4			software	price			peoplesoft open to oracle bid director a peoplesoft inc. board member told a delaware court on tuesday that the software maker would consider a bid from its rival oracle corp. provided the price was right and a deal closed quickly.
4			percent	good	technology			us it spending to grow 7 in 2005 us spending on information technology goods, services, and staff will grow seven percent in 2005 and continue at a similar pace through 2008, according to a study released monday by forrester research.
2			player	good	game			nintendo says 'touching is good' in sexed up ds ads japanese game maker nintendo co. ltd. is sexing up its u.s. advertising to launch the ds handheld device, promising mature players that the gadget is not their little brother's game boy.
1			politics	agenda	visit	president			business looms large but politics creep into agenda as chirac visits china business opportunities in one of the world's fastest growing economies dominated the agenda as french president jacques chirac continued his visit to china, but sensitive political issues also edged their way onto the program.
4			patent	software	sale	technology			bankrupt commerce one patents fetch $ 15.5m bankrupt internet software maker commerce one inc. auctioned off dozens of prized online patents for $ 15.5 million in a sale that could provoke a legal scuffle over whether the new owner is entitled to collect royalties from a long list of technology heavyweights.
4			microsoft	vendor			more security holes found in internet explorer 6.0 three more vulnerabilities in microsoft 's internet explorer 6.0 browser were disclosed by danish security vendor secunia. by gregg keizer, techweb news.
4			user	technology			vivisimo search engine clusty offers more targeted search vivisimo search engine clusty offers more targeted search vivisimo this week unveiled , the first full service search engine site powered completely by vivismio's breakthrough clustering technology. instead of simply presenting long lists of results, groups search results into folder topics, giving users a quick overview of the main themes in ...
4			networking			alcatel to buy wireless, conferencing companies french networking gear maker offers $ 250 million for spatial wireless and $ 27 million for edial.
2			race			in memory of luke, loretta races for her life luke. his name is tattooed forever on her right ankle. his memory, just as permanently, in her heart. loretta harrop ran the race of her life in athens yesterday, the inspiration of her late
2			team	season			davidson steals limelight briton anthony davidson enhanced his claims for a place in the bar team next season by going fastest in free practice for sunday 's belgian gp.
4			software			software sector in mass. lags massachusetts lost 121 software companies and 3,859 software related jobs during the past year, according to an industry group's figures, suggesting that one of the most vibrant sectors of the 1990s has yet to join in the state's tepid economic recovery.
2			player			new breed of portable media players means squinting at palm sized ... it was a holy grail looming on the personal electronics horizon: a pocket sized device with a workhorse battery and the capacity to hold hours of audio and video.
2			night	game	season			hill sits out with bruised right shin grant hill missed a game for the first time in this season friday night, a precautionary move because of a badly bruised right shin.
2			football			looking into the mirror it 's difficult to know where to start this week, but it might be nice to actually begin by talking about football. ronaldinho: a symbol of the shift of power in spanish football?
4			trader	software	trading	technology			trading technologies expands functionality of x trader pro trading technologies, which develops trading software for derivatives professionals, has made 28 add on components available.
4			airport	design	networking	card			imac g5: even more exquisite than last one this latest head turner manages to better its clever predecessor in design no small achievement, writes edward c. baig for the back of the computer is elegant in its simplicity. you can loosen three captive screws to remove the cover to add, say, extra memory, or a wireless airport networking card. sep 30
2			match	game	football			record 2,600 football hooligans get game bans a record 2,596 convicted hooligans have been barred from attending football matches both at home and abroad for up to ten years, the home office announced yesterday.
1			crisis	prime	election	minister			ukraine in crisis, could face disaster, pm says prime minister viktor yanukovich, facing a new election battle against a liberal challenger buoyed by vast street protests, said on thursday ukraine had been cast into a crisis which could turn to disaster after the new vote.
4			software	standard	networking	technology			intel updates wireless chips, software intel corp. unveiled an update to its wireless networking technology thursday, adding simpler software, improved security and support for a more robust, less interference prone radio standard.
3			percent	profit	sale	earnings			walgreen posts higher quarterly profit walgreen says its fiscal fourth quarter earnings topped forecasts, rising 18 percent on higher prescription sales at stores open at least one year.
3			chain			cendant nears deal to acquire orbitz the cendant corp., which owns avis car rental and the days inn hotel chain, is close to a deal to buy orbitz, the online travel service controlled by an alliance of airlines, for about
1			debate			real vs. artificial: shoppers love em both real or fake? natural or artificial? such is the great christmas tree debate. to put it in shakesperian terms, it unfolds like this: to clean up pine needles or not to clean up pine needles?
2			britain	british	sport			law rules after court overturns german gold leslie law tonight became great britain 's first eventing gold medallist since 1972 without leaving his hereford home. the court of arbitration for sport has upheld the combined british, french and american
4			linux	standard	developer			to standardize linux in an effort to help ensure standardization, the free standards group has officially released the linux standard base lsb 2.0, a specification composed of interoperability standards, a base set of apis and libraries and developer environments and test
2			medal	game	win			phelps wins fourth gold at athens olympics michael phelps won his fourth gold medal at the olympic games in the men 's 200m individual medley here on thursday.
2			file	team	sport			korean olympic team files petition with cas koreas olympic delegation filed a petition on saturday, appealing for a correction of a scoring error committed during yang tae youngs performance in mens gymnastics with the court of arbitration for sport cas , shin bak je, the headperson of
3			management	content	enterprise			gartner itxpo spotlights security, wireless enterprise it executives attending this week's gartner symposium itxpo in orlando, fla., got a peek at several forthcoming products for security, cm content management , wireless, and soas service oriented architectures .
3			sale			a plastic, fantastic gem claire's stores continue to crank up sales and get more profitable along the way.
2			football	season			the numbers don 't add up this is a math problem that voters or hard drives can 't solve. it sounds so simple, but in the 2004 college football season, three into two won 't go.
4			leader	microsoft	technology			microsoft to launch new search engine microsoft is set to unleash its much anticipated search technology this week, as it ramps up efforts to take on market leader google.
2			player	tour			we prepared from 2001: gilchrist adam gilchrist punching the air and embracing his teammates after australia got the last indian batsman out in the third test; the australian players gathering in a huddle made famous by the indians; brett lee calling for the australian flag from the tour
3			chain			surcharge raises ire when northwest airlines corp. said last week it will charge extra fees for tickets not bought on its web site, it caused a chain reaction in an industry still grappling with the impact of the internet.
4			system	point	scientist			electronic back seat driver system to be tested australian scientists have invented an electronic driver's assistant system, similar to the back seat driver who forever points out road signs and warns against speeding.
3			server	enterprise	trading	price			dell excludes uk from price cuts dell is slashing prices on corporate it solutions by up to 22, but only for us customers. the cuts come on the back of impressive trading figures and lower component costs for dell, and cover enterprise servers, desktops and laptops.
4			user	generation	technology	use	rate			vodafone launches 3g service vodafone have launched the long awaited third generation, 3g, mobile phone service that offers video calls and music downloads. the use of 3g technology promises faster data rates for mobile users that will
2			tour	team	win			u.s. postal upsets favorites in tour of spain u.s. postal upset favorites liberty seguros to win the 17.2 mile opening team time trial stage of the tour of spain saturday.
4			speed	amd	ibm	researcher	technology	silicon			ibm, amd speed chips by straining silicon wafers researchers at ibm and advanced micro devices have improved a chip making technology called strained silicon, boosting semiconductor performance at a time when such
1			talk			trump end talks trump hotels and casino resorts, trying to restructure us $ 1.8 billion in debt, has ended talks that would have resulted in the company receiving a us $ 400 million lifeline.
4			linux	standard	computing			andrew kantor a couple of weeks ago there was a big announcement in the computing world: linux standard base 2.0 was released. huh? you might ask.
4			high	speed	technology	second			t mobile starts first european test of a flarion network amsterdam t mobile, europe 's second largest mobile carrier, said on wednesday that it had started the continent 's first trial of a high speed wireless internet service that uses flash ofdm technology.
3			value	holding			at hsbc, eldon plans departure hsbc holdings, europe 's biggest bank by market value, said monday that david eldon would retire as chairman of hongkong and shanghai banking corp.
2			medal	sport			sports court hears hamm gold medal appeal paul hamm appeared before the sports world's highest court monday to argue why he should keep his olympic gymnastics gold medal.
4			bea	platform	system	enterprise			bea touts industry specific solutions initiative bea systems on monday is rolling out its bea enterprise solutions program, featuring the companys solution frameworks initiative to link bea weblogic platform with partners products for deployment of soas service oriented architectures .
3			investment			ford 's investment vote of confidence in an era when every major business transaction is measured in the billions of dollars, ford motor co. of canada 's decision to pump $ 1 billion into redevelopment of its oakville site the formal announcement
2			coach	football			byu set to fire crowton brigham young university has scheduled a news conference for wednesday afternoon at which time head football coach gary crowton will be fired.
2			fighting	career	sport			gardner leaves shoes, storied career on mat when it was all over, rulon gardner sat on the mat and removed his size 13 asics wrestling shoes. wiggling his nine toes and fighting back tears, he walked away from the sport that made him an unlikely celebrity.
2			title	play	victory	win	season	cup			poutiainen wins but plays down cup hopes finland's tanja poutiainen snatched back the women's world cup lead with her third victory of the alpine ski season on sunday but played down her chances of winning the overall title.
3			sale	president	development			sun shuffles sales execs executive vice president of sales becomes sun's executive vice president for strategic development and sun financing.
4			technique	researcher			computer people reopen art history dispute david hockney's controversial theory that early renaissance painters used cameralike devices has been challenged by researchers using digital techniques.
4			park	platform			intel readies east fork digital home pc platform intel is gearing up to create a centrino style brand and platform for digital home oriented pcs, it has emerged. codenamed east fork after the ohio state park, apparently the platform centres on smithfield
2			play	game	sale	title			halo 2; donkey konga the first halo game sold quite a few xboxes we know a few xbox owners who don 't appear to play any other titles on their consoles , and halo 2 has already clocked $ 125 million in sales on its first day in stores.
4			low	processor	microsystems	system	server	computing			sun adds ultrasparc iv to 4 way, 8 way servers sun microsystems inc. is preparing to launch two systems that will bring its ultrasparc iv processor into the low end of the company's server product line. called the sun fire v490 and v890, the servers are slated to be introduced during sun's network computing quarterly product announcement on sept. 21, sun said.
2			sport	yankee	team	ace			report: yanks acquire big unit in three team trade new york, ny sports network according to a published report, the new york yankees have finally landed ace lefthander randy johnson.
2			game	team	season			knicks dig hole early, can 't quite climb out it is only five games into the season for the knicks, and lenny wilkens already is getting bored by watching his team follow the same script over and over.
4			generation			orange unveils 3g phones in long delayed launch orange unveiled its third generation 3g mobile phones in a long delayed commercial launch, with seven new handset models aimed at its key french
3			crisis	sale			italian budget airline grounded volare, italy's first budget airline, cancels all flights and ticket sales indefinitely amid reports of a financial crisis.
2			player	game	dream			when long hours at a video game stop being fun for players with ambitions to develop games, electronic arts must appear to be the best place in the world, but there is unhappiness among those living that dream.
1			leader	politician	top			mexican government to receive dalai lama mexico's government will greet the dalai lama as a religious leader not as a politician a top official said tuesday.
4			software	standard	networking	technology			intel updates centrino wireless chips, software intel corp. unveiled an update to its wireless networking technology thursday, adding simpler software, improved security and support for a more robust, less interference prone radio standard.
4			platform	collaboration	system	reader	adobe			adobe 's acrobat flips for collaboration in its quest for the paperless office, adobe systems is gearing up for sweeping changes to its acrobat and reader platforms. the san jose, calif.
4			hardware	team	linux	software	vendor	code	standard			four vendors team up on new standardized linux four small linux vendors are working together to create a new linux standard base 2.0 compliant binary set that they hope will attract independent software vendors and hardware makers to port their wares to the new code.
4			cell			burned before, kyocera recalls cell phone batteries cell phone maker flags defects in three product lines. the recall follows a rash of flaming or exploding devices.
1			politician	human			hong kong pro beijing politicians accuse opponents of misleading public over sex scandal human rights activists on wednesday condemned the detention of a hong kong pro democracy politician for allegedly having sex with a prostitute, and his sentencing without trial to six months of re education through labor...
2			career			rams' trev faulk gets to face cousin trev faulk will be making his first career start, and he might get a chance to tackle his cousin for the first time.
2			good	match			when models explode behind every good business plan, there's a dynamite shack waiting for a box of matches.
2			coach	season			terps catch seminoles by surprise florida state coach bobby bowden had seen enough trouble the previous two times his seminoles strayed from home this season to know they weren 't invincible.
4			system	software	microsoft	sale			microsoft takes lead in software for handhelds microsoft has unseated the palm system with worldwide sales of more than 1.3 million units over the third quarter of the year, compared with slightly more than 850,000 for the palm, according to a new report.
3			stock			timeshares can't shake the stink timeshare stocks have never been valued fairly because of a bad reputation for unscrupulous salespeople.
1			assembly	election	parliament	opposition			ukraine protesters rush to parliament ukrainian opposition protesters rushed to parliament and massed at its main door tuesday after the assembly failed to take any decision over a disputed presidential election the opposition says was rigged.
2			play	run	game	team			running game stalled clinton portis asserts that his problems sunday were partially attributable to the browns defense calling out washington's plays before the team could run them.
3			profit	stock			goodyear sees profit; stock up goodyear tire rubber co. gt.n: quote, profile, research , the largest us tiremaker, on friday said it would report a third quarter profit, reversing a year earlier loss
2			club			regis to buy hair club for men and women regis corp., the world 's largest operator of hair salons, said monday that it agreed to purchase hair club for men and women, a hair loss services company, for $ 210 million.
4			alternative			sco plans own web site as alternative to groklaw after a year and a half of being flamed, dissected and dismissed on the web site, the sco group inc.
1			talk			update 1 trump hotels ends $ 400 mln talks with dlj trump hotels and casino resorts inc. quote, profile, research , trying to restructure $ 1.8 billion in debt, said on wednesday that it and dlj merchant banking partners
2			team			denis chevrier explains the challenge of monza the engine operations manager explains what challenges monza will pose the engine team this weekend.
2			coach	team			georgia looks for payback against lsu the georgia bulldogs hardly were used to this sort of treatment. they limped off the field at the georgia dome, unable to rely on any what ifs or might have beens. for the first time in coach mark richt's tenure, the bulldogs knew what it felt like to be dominated by a better team.
3			enterprise			passwords fail to defend enterprises passwords, the dominant form of securing enterprise assets, are a failure, a research firm says.
3			holding			capital one financial to cut 750 jobs capital one financial corp., the holding company of capital one bank, plans to eliminate about 750 jobs as it shifts the majority of its production service operations to a u.s. based supplier, the company reported tuesday.
3			clothing	sale	retailer			cool weather heats up retail sales cool autumn weather and apparent pent up demand for clothing drove strong sales in october at gap, neiman marcus and other national retailers, according to company reports issued thursday.
4			war	worry	piracy	technology			new tech front: recording of digital broadcasts technologies that let people record satellite and internet radio broadcasts digitally are opening a new front in the recording industry's war on music piracy. this has given the music industry a new problem to worry about.
4			user	management	networking	storage			storage networking world: ilm a business matter users at storage networking world are developing information life cycle management schemes within their storage networks to more efficiently and cost effectively store data according to business policies.
2			lab	interview	president	sport			sports briefs for december 8, 2004 it was the interviews made by victor conte, head of the balco lab in california, that led international olympic committee president jacques rogge to set up a disciplinary commission to investigate accusations marion jones used performance enhancing drugs
3			expectation	share	stock	earnings	sale			stocks in motion: bj services shares of bj services bjs:nyse news research were among the nyse 's losers tuesday, falling 5 after the company posted fourth quarter earnings and sales that fell below wall street expectations and warned on 2005.
4			outsourcing	siemens	silicon	technology			bbc completes 1.9bn it sell off to siemens the bbc has today completed the sell off of its technology arm to german it firm siemens as part of a 1.9bn 10 year outsourcing deal as exclusively revealed on silicon.
4			speed			india ; train services resume after accident site cleared of ... there was a collision between a train coming from ahmedabad and a local train. both trains were going at great speed, said kewal krishna sharma, one of the injured.
2			football			smith steps closer to scotland manager's job scottish football association sfa officials confirmed they interviewed walter smith for the vacant national managerial job.
4			project			eu confident over fusion project negotiations in vienna this week may give europe the world's biggest nuclear fusion reactor.
4			user	software	management			ca adds financial view to management an update to computer associates' management software lets users bill for it services based on usage.
2			play	league	hockey	player			nhl's kovalev bolsters already potent kazan lineup russian forward alexei kovalev is the latest locked out national hockey league player to head abroad, as he signed on to play for ak bars kazan.
2			united	game			britannia rules as baton again lets us down since the united states started taking part in the olympic games 4x100m relay in 1920, they have been disqualified three times and lost only once to canada in 1996.
3			trader	talk	profit			european bank chief talks up dollar the dollar edged higher against the swiss franc and the euro on monday as traders took profits after the head of the european central bank said the euro zone unit 's recent
3			good			selling good local produce provides food for thought where would we be without it? a lot of businesses have made a lot of money from one of lifes few essentials by providing answers to the question of how much we can afford to pay for food, and the
1			president			change of direction at peoplesoft peoplesoft's firing of its president and chief executive increased the likelihood that the company would be taken over by the oracle corporation.
4			user			us sues student 'song swappers' the us music industry sues 750 computer users believed to be distributing music illegally over the internet.
2			team			sandwich gymnasts off to fast start in its first meet in the program's history, the sandwich girls' gymnastics team proved to be quick learners, defeating carver, 130 3 4 105.
4			speed	ibm	earth	technology			ibm sets a record for speed the ibm computer is based on a technology called bluegene l, which takes an approach radically different from that used by nec 's machine, called the earth simulator.
4			design	silicon	enterprise			tivo backer aslop to leave vc firm prominent venture capitalist at silicon valley's new enterprise associates wants to see if i can design a working life for myself.
2			country	club			teens and 'tweens' invade health clubs at a growing number of health clubs, gyms and ymcas across the country, the treadmills and barbells aren't just for adults anymore...
2			stadium	park	sport			san francisco 's candlestick now monster park san francisco renamed its most storied sports stadium monster park on tuesday, in a deal that trades $ 6 million from an electronics cable company for the name to candlestick park.
4			investor	stock	system	networking	technology			stocks look to open lower; cisco awaited u.s. stock futures pointed to a slightly lower open on tuesday as investors stay cautious after last week's three day rally and await results from networking gear maker cisco systems inc. which will set the direction for technology stocks.
4			scientist	high	computing	technology			workgroup cluster for bioinformatics video see why scientists are adopting apple technology when they need the power of high perfomrance computing. aug 27
4			user	desktop	system	collaboration	upgrade	software	reader	integration	application	source	standard	adobe	access	version			product previews adobe unveils acrobat 7.0 adobe systems has launched version 7.0 of its acrobat family of desktop applications. enhancements to the software allow users to leverage acrobat 7.0 and adobe pdf for processes such as assembling documents from multiple sources, creating forms, and secure collaboration. acrobat 7.0 tightens integration with adobe livecycle software for connecting document services with businesses processes. the integration allows acrobat 7.0 professional users to create xml and pdf forms that can be integrated into back end systems. also announced was adobe reader 7.0 client software, which facilitates reader users participation in document reviews and access to yahoo search functions. acrobat 7.0 professional is priced at $ 449; existing users can upgrade for $ 159. acrobat 7.0 standard is priced at $ 299; upgrades are priced at $ 99. acrobat 7.0, adobe systems
3			percent	growth	profit	sale			procter gamble profit up on sales growth procter gamble co. said net income rose 14 percent in the first quarter on solid sales growth in all the company 's markets.
2			coach	club			as roma names del neri as coach to replace voeller as roma on wednesday signed luigi del neri as its new coach to replace rudi voeller, who resigned last sunday. the club reported that del neri traveled to the training camp of trigoria shortly
2			team	night	victory	player	fan	game	exhibition			racist taunts in spain fans taunt black players on england's team wednesday night during spain's 1 0 victory in an exhibition game.
4			system	crm	application			siebel unveils smb go to market strategy after a year of pilots and trials, siebel systems jumped with both feet into the smb market tuesday, announcing a new approach to offer siebel professional crm applications to smbs small and midsize businesses companies with revenues up to about 500 million.
2			team	top	sport			no abramovich route to top in f1 minardi boss minardi boss paul stoddart has warned prospective formula one team midland f1 that there is no abramovich route to the top in the glamour sport.
1			debate	kerry	election	bush	democrat	president			kerry challenges bush to weekly debates democrat john kerry on thursday challenged republican president bush, to weekly debates from now until the nov. 2 presidential election.
3			volume	sale	stock			brown forman cites family sale for stock volume brown forman corp. bfa.n: quote, profile, research bfb.n: quote, profile, research on friday said that sales by a brown family trust accounted for heavy activity in the class
4			processor			palmone updates the treo smart phone palmone inc. 's long awaited update to the treo 600 will come with a new processor, sharper display and flash memory, as the company continues to improve its flagship product.
4			software			mcafee cfo joins cray board stephen richards, cfo of security software maker mcafee, joins the board
4			system	expo	developer			smartphone industry gathers for symbian expo 5 october 2004 ymbian, developer of symbian os, the market leading mobile phone operating system today opened the symbian expo smartphone show.
3			good			despite google, we still need good libraries google, with whom i spend more time than with my loved ones, is planning to put the contents of the worlds greatest libraries on line, including the bodleian in oxford and those of harvard and stanford in america.
4			leader	content	management	technology			industry leaders partner with oracle to support first true ... oracle nasdaq:orcl today announced evidence of strong support for its content management offering through partnerships with leading technology
3			investor			cable wireless slashes jobs but rewards investors cable wireless drew a line under 50 years of corporate history yesterday by announcing it was relocating its london head office to bracknell while unveiling a new organisational
4			software	race	version			yahoo chases google in mobile search race yahoo has unveiled its own version of a search facility for mobile phones hot on the heels of similar software from us rival google.
3			finance			suntrust fires 3 finance execs suntrust banks inc., a large u.s. southeast regional bank, on wednesday said it fired three finance executives, including its chief credit officer, after uncovering problems in how it accounted for bad loans.
4			price	cell	technology	fuel			smaller, more powerful pc fuel cell is on the way a new fuel cell for notebook pcs, more compact and powerful than competing technologies, could be on the market in early 2006 at a price of around $ 90, its japanese inventors said tuesday.
4			technology			apple 's itunes now accepting paypal customers at apple computer 's itunes store will now be able to pay for their songs, albums and gift certificates using paypal, a virtual wallet technology owned by ebay.
4			alternative			mozilla launches firefox 1 mozilla firefox 1.0 has launched following a two month preview that drew 8 million downloads of the alternative web browser. advertisement.
4			use	identification	technology	frequency			fda launches initiative encouraging use of rfid tags to reduce ... the food and drug administration announced an initiative to prevent theft and counterfeiting of prescription drugs through the use of radio frequency identification rfid technology.
4			content			e commerce times is fine tuning its image with the launch today of a revamped multimedia search engine on its web site that specializes in finding audio and video content.
4			desktop	microsoft	software			photo 4: microsoft revs car windows the software juggernaut that conquered the desktop is racing to get windows into your next car.
2			match	game	football	midfielder			update 1 birmingham 's savage banned for three games by fa birmingham city midfielder robbie savage has accepted a three match ban after being charged by the football association fa on monday with violent conduct for an alleged elbowing incident in a match at the weekend.
1			president			dell, gateway settle into the living room if you are talking about the media center pc in the family room, it 's going to be a disappointing experience, gartner research vice president martin reynolds told technewsworld.
2			offensive	game	season			terps come out 'flat' the terps have lost games this season because of offensive futility, turnovers or a late game controversial call, but never in a passionless fashion, as ralph friedgen categorized saturday's game.
1			parliament	relation			taiwan poll to shape china ties taiwan votes on saturday to choose a new parliament in a ballot that could shape its future relations with china.
2			team			ioc sanctions two more for anti doping violations the international olympic committee announced today that ukraine rower olena olefirenko, whose team place third in the women 's quadruple sculls event, has tested positive for the drug ethamivan.
1			parliament	debate			meps to decide commission's fate the european parliament is set to hold a debate as it prepares to decide the fate of the incoming commission.
1			jump	journalist	politics	fall			finding truth on the internet when it comes to covering politics, journalists often fall into the 'he said, she said' trap without taking the time to delve into the details. the nonpartisan jumps into the informational breach. by louise witt.
4			israel	technology	development			israel central to intel 's future research a web site quotes intel 's chief technology officer, pat gelsinger, emphasising the importance of israel to the firm 's future research and development.
2			victory	game			skiles ejected, bulls respond although the bulls have yet to record back to back victories, they quietly are putting together a solid stretch of games.
2			player			farina elia moves on in luxembourg no. 3 silvia farina elia of italy became the first seeded player to advance at the seat open luxembourg. farina elia, ranked 21st in the world, made quick work of frenchwoman stephanie
4			processor	microsoft	application			microsoft unveils works 8 the dictionary module has been integrated into the word processor and is also a stand alone application in the works task launcher. a thesaurus has been included, as well as the option to set parental controls.
4			energy	researcher	technology	institute	cell			mit works to power computers with spinach eat your spinach, mom used to say. it will make your muscles grow, power your laptop and recharge your cell phone... ok. so nobody's mom said those last two things. but researchers at the massachusetts institute of technology say they have used spinach to harness a plant's ability to convert sunlight into energy for the first time, creating a device that may one day power laptops, mobile phones and more.
4			system	reform			labor 's task: to get welfare back on track one of labor 's challenges is to come up with an electorally acceptable proposal for reform in an inefficient, badly targeted family welfare system.
4			processor	cell			arm's new chip aims beyond cell phones chip designer announces new processor for wider digital device market, moving it beyond portable device niche.
3			shareholder	share			oracle issues appeal as peoplesoft deadline nears oracle has sent an open letter to peoplesoft stockholders, urging them to accept its $ 24 er share bid to buy the company. oracle charges that peoplesoft 's board has denied shareholders the
2			player			global mp3 market to reach 58 billion us dollars by 2008 worldwide market of compressed audio player, also known as mp3 player, is expected to reach nearly 58 billion us dollars in revenues by 2008, according a study released tuesday by idc.
1			crisis			all business: corporate pension crisis still looming the corporate pension crisis seems to be going from bad to worse. first, companies struggled to come up with the money to cover their benefit obligations, and now they want to ditch their plans altogether.
4			user			court rejects child porn internet law a federal court yesterday struck down as unconstitutional a path breaking pennsylvania law designed to prevent internet users from seeing web sites that contain child pornography.
3			investor	growth	profit	earnings			blazing u.s. profit growth to cool wall street investors will get their first glimpses in september of how companies performed in the third quarter, and financial experts say don't look for too many positive earnings surprises.
4			use	software	server			sun signs server software customer telecom giant orange will use sun's jes server software over three years, the companies plan to announce monday.
2			season			cyber cops say 'tis the season to be wary as the holiday shopping season ramps up, cyber cops warned on wednesday that online fraudsters are working over time.
4			cell			service sends traffic images to cell phone trafficland inc. recently released what it calls airvideo, an add on to the $ 59 a year traffic monitoring service it sells.
2			game			kenteris and thanou charged over missed tests ekaterini thanou and konstantinos kenteris, the greek sprinters, were charged yesterday with missing a mandatory drugs test on the eve of the olympic games and for making false statements about a motorbike accident.
3			sale	stock			hartford executive 's stock sale probed new york ag is investigating the timing of a sale by thomas marra; company reports higher 3q. new york reuters the hartford financial services group inc.
4			vendor	storage			quantum acquires tape drive maker certance storage vendor quantum wednesday said in a statement that it has agreed to purchase certance llc, a manufacturer of tape based storage devices in costa mesa, calif.
3			investment	fund	management	trading			funds in brief: san francisco firm pays $ 30 million in settlement rs investments, a $ 6.7 billion money manager based in san francisco, said wednesday it had settled us and state allegations of improper trading by agreeing to pay $ 30 million in fines and reduced management fees.
3			gain	stock			us stock futures flat ahead of data us stock futures pointed to a flat market open on friday, pausing after the previous day 's big rally, as wall street awaits key economic data, though gains by computer maker dell inc.
4			software	identity	access			ca to buy netegrity for us $ 430 million computer associates international announced on wednesday that it has agreed to acquire netegrity, a maker of network identity and access software, for about us $ 430 million.
2			sport			he's running with it when nbc first called bob neumeier, he was asked if he'd be willing to work on olympics wrestling and rowing coverage in athens. i was flattered and grateful for the opportunity, he said. he was willing to learn the nuances of those sports at the olympic level and start mastering the pronunciation of hundreds of new names.
1			coalition	minister	party	prime	crisis			macedonian premier quits in ethnic row macedonian prime minister hari kostov quit today over disagreements with ethnic albanian parties in the governing coalition, triggering a government crisis in the ethnically tense balkan state.
4			priority	hardware			mitsubishi pulling out of large lcds with the economy slowly turning up, upgrading hardware has been on businesses radar in the past 12 months as their number two priority.
4			war	fighter	technology	lawsuit			the fog of spam war after nearly a year of lawsuits against bulk e mailers, improvements in antispam technology, and passage of the controlling the assault of non solicited pornography and marketing law can spam , spam fighters face an unenviable choice: they can concede
1			leader	country	election	party	democrat	opposition			schroeder 's party avoids major losses germany 's governing social democrats emerged from local elections in the country 's most populous state sunday trailing well behind the conservative opposition in projections, but party leaders were relieved they avoided major new losses.
4			server	application	version			iomega revs backup and recovery iomega this week unveiled a scsi version of its rev drive aimed at server backup and disaster recovery applications.
3			earnings	stock	trading	technology	gain			stock futures flat ahead of data; dell up u.s. stock futures pointed to a flat market open on friday, pausing after the previous day's big rally, as wall street awaits key economic data, though gains by computer maker dell inc. in overseas trading following its earnings report could help technology stocks.
2			season			expos move closer to dc owners voted 29 1 on friday to approve the proposed move of the montreal expos to washington for the 2005 season.
4			exchange	british	technology			eu, iran to meet again on nuclear offer french, british and german officials are due to meet iranian negotiators on wednesday to discuss a european proposal that tehran scrap its uranium enrichment program in exchange for nuclear technology.
1			leader	party	president	violence	jean			mbeki should clear name over haiti president thabo mbeki should publicly clear his name amidst claims that he had allowed deposed haitian leader jean bertrand aristide to incite violence from south africa, says the african christian democratic party acdp .
3			investment			rudy tries investment banking the one time federal prosecutor, who in the 1980s went after crooked deal makers at investment banks, is starting one of his own. dubbed giuliani capital advisors llc, the times square
3			high	profit	value	growth			lots of profits in this forest forest laboratories, down sharply from its high, offers value and growth.
2			brian	game			forest say farewell to legend clough ol blue eyes provided an emotional musical tribute to old big ead as nottingham forest celebrated the remarkable life of brian clough ahead of today 's game with west ham.
4			buying	software			jboss deal puts hp back into middleware market with the jboss deal, hewlett packard gets middleware, a business it abandoned two years ago when it dumped its bluestone software after buying the company in 2000.
1			politics			too much too soon for tito if a week is a long time in politics, just how long is almost three years in boxing? that is how long felix trinidad will have been inactive when he meets nicaraguan wildman ricardo mayorga in new york this weekend.
3			share	investor	top	fund	investment			peoplesoft investors split votes on deal two top stakeholders in takeover target peoplesoft inc., tipped their hands on tuesday, with one investment fund saying it will tender its shares for oracle corp.'s $ 8.8 billion hostile bid while another pledged against it.
4			platform	microsoft	team	tool	system	management	technology	feature	developer	application	beta			microsoft readies beta for application life cycle management microsoft is refreshing the beta release of its visual studio 2005 developer tool platform to feature the full range of technologies planned for the companys team system application life cycle management system, microsoft representatives acknowledged on friday.
3			growth	export			japan downgrades economic assessment japan downgraded its economic assessment for the first time in more than a year on tuesday, noting slower export growth and curbed production, but said the recovery is continuing.
2			broke	football	team	play	good			prep banned from iac georgetown prep's football team will not be allowed to play in the interstate athletic conference, not because the little hoyas broke any rules, but because they're too good.
4			software			four southern californians charged in counterfeit software case four southern california residents pleaded innocent to conspiring to distribute more than $ 30 million in counterfeit computer software and products, authorities said.
3			investor	strength	high	holding			dollar holds firm before cpi, philly fed the dollar kept close to the previous session's one week highs against the euro and swiss franc on thursday, holding steady as investors awaited u.s. data to confirm fresh signs of strength in u.s. manufacturing.
1			parliament	party	talk	reform	turkey	opposition			turkish parliament may reconvene turkey 's main opposition party has called for the swift recall of parliament to approve key reforms demanded by the european union and says any further delay could imperil ankara 's bid to open eu entry talks.
4			lab	voip	system	technology	development			cisco to set up r d lab in shanghai cisco systems inc. plans to open a research and development r d center in shanghai that will focus on developing voip voice over internet protocol technology, the company's chief executive officer ceo said thursday.
2			player	game	president			new jfk video game called despicable a new video game that allows players to recreate the 1963 assassination of us president john f. kennedy is being called despicable by family members.
2			play	cup	game	final			germany not certain to play opening game of 2006 finals hosts germany could opt not to play the opening game of the 2006 world cup finals, organising committee chairman franz beckenbauer said on monday.
2			season			hhs buys 'experimental' glaxo flu vaccine u.s. health officials on tuesday approved the importation of up to 4 million doses of influenza vaccine made by glaxosmithkline , bringing the u.s. total to 65 million vaccines for this flu season.
3			system	shareholder			airbus given go ahead for a350 marketing airbus was given the go ahead yesterday by its shareholders eads and bae systems to start marketing its planned a350 mid range aircraft to airlines, heralding
3			investor	talk	stock	earnings			stocks rally, sprint nextel talk helps stocks rose on thursday as investors bet on a year end rally, while talk of a possible merger by telecommunications companies sprint and nextel and upbeat earnings from chip maker national semiconductor corp.
4			system			ask jeeves bets on smart search ask jeeves overhauls its website, results system and mascot, as search becomes increasingly competitive.
2			coach			cal usc an extraordinary show in his opening statement to the bloated media corps here late yesterday afternoon, usc coach pete carroll trotted out these adjectives: exciting, tense, fantastic, incredible, wonderful, exquisite.
4			software	management	weakness			faa needs to broaden it management, oversight, gao says the federal aviation administration needs to improve its software acquisition process and overcome weaknesses that could lead to cost overruns, schedule delays and performance shortfalls, the government accountability office has concluded in two new
2			career	football	ncaa			house panel tackles ncaa's sanctions jeremy bloom told a congressional panel tuesday that the ncaa cut his college football career short without giving him a fair chance to argue his case.
4			content			nokia preminet solution adds support for handango content nokia and handango announced that handango will be a key content provider through the preminet solution, recently announced by nokia.
4			january	microsoft	software	technology	use	spyware			microsoft to offer anti spyware in january microsoft today announced that it has acquired giant software, a provider of anti spyware and internet security products. microsoft said it will use intellectual property and technology assets from the.
1			talk			barclays in talks to acquire absa barclays said on thursday it was in talks with absa, south africa 's largest retail bank, about a possible recommended partial offer for a majority stake.
1			minister			protecting children online when they are most at risk new new radio and online advertising, which targets children with safety advice when they are most at risk when they are actually online, was unveiled by home office minister paul goggins today.
4			software	microsoft			judge says microsoft to pay 112 million a judge is ordering microsoft corp. to pay 112.5 million to attorneys who successfully sued the software maker for monopolizing a segment of california's market.
2			medal	race	game	sweep			jeers turn to cheers shrugging off the boos and jeers that delayed the start, shawn crawford led an american sweep of the medals in the men 's 200 metre race yesterday at the summer games.
4			user	lab	software	mail	technology			yahoo buys e mail search company yahoo has snapped up privately held e mail software company stata labs, which develops technology that allows users to quickly search through mail and attachments.
3			profit			sainsbury 's forced to issue third profits warning j sainsbury bowed to pressure from the city watchdog yesterday and admitted that interim profits were likely to plunge the third time it has issued a profits warning in the past seven months.
4			tool	software	java	source			actuate pushes open source data reporting the software maker proposes open source java based reporting tools for consideration by the eclipse open source foundation.
2			coach	redskin	season			gators are looking to past for future the search for a new coach at the university of florida should and will be a short one. former gators coach steve spurrier soon will be back in gainesville. spurrier's season of self imposed inactivity after resigning from the washington redskins following last season is almost over, and word has it he was starting to look around for new ...
4			talk	software	development			grokster, sony bmg to develop legit p2p service? aka bony the merged music label is in talks with grokster, the p2p software company has confirmed. negotiations are believed to be focused on the development of a new, label friendly p2p network.
2			cup	fifa	game	kick			fifa plans show to kick off 2006 world cup the 2006 world cup will break with tradition and begin with a separate show a day before the opening game.
3			investor	holding	high	stock			can ebay keep the mojo going? with ebay 's stock lingering near an all time high of $ 96.60, investors have been holding their collective breath since the third quarter closed sept.
4			project			viewers to be able to shape tv the eu is backing a project that would let viewers personalise shows and films to suit their tastes.
3			retailer	database			some shoppers find fewer happy returns as retailers collect more personal information into databases, computers are handed increasing power to make decisions about consumers' lives.
1			president			undecided voter? try this quiz while most voters have chosen their favorite candidate for president, several sites offer online tests for the undecided. in some cases, the results can be quite contradictory. by joanna glasner.
2			coach	football			leland task: find bright coach cheap what they re looking for again at stanford is a football coach who 's worth keeping but also a football coach who isn 't worth more to someone else.
4			ibm	feature	access			ibm laptop features fingerprint scanner thinkpad t42 is equipped with biometric device designed to limit access to sensitive data.
3			stock			halliburton says it may separate kbr unit halliburton co. said thursday it would restructure its kbr unit and may shed the business if the company's stock performance continues to lag behind peers.
4			terrorism	increase	sale	technology	integration			washington contractors' sales increase the companies provide federal agencies with network integration and payroll accounting technologies, and are the beneficiaries of a government that is trying to bolster its defenses against terrorism, experts say.
1			general	election	crisis	president			portugal faces general election portuguese president jorge sampaio calls an early general election to end crisis of credibility .
4			software	share			europe's regulators say it's ok if oracle acquires peoplesoft oracle chief executive larry ellison might well raise his offer of 21 per share to buy business software rival peoplesoft , they say.
4			project			bailout plan shelved for donald trump 's casinos donald j. trump may have a new project for his apprentices elping him try to figure out how to take his troubled casino company private after a proposed bailout fell through.
1			president			update 1: louisiana pacific names frost ceo louisiana pacific corp. named executive vice president richard w. frost the lumber company 's next chief executive, company officials announced tuesday.
2			nation	match	championship			tri nations will expand to nine test matches the tri nations championship involving australia, new zealand and south africa will be expanded from six to nine matches from 2006, according to the governing body sanzar.
2			medal	team	hockey	victory	player			kookas enjoy last laugh having finally wrapped their hands around the holy grail an olympic gold medal ustralia 's men 's hockey players retired to their dressingrooms to perform a victory ritual immortalised by a national team familiar with success.
1			talk			ellison: peoplesoft talked merger in 2000 oracle ceo says rival company raised the idea, but talks foundered over who'd lead the conjoined company. br oracle e mails urged scare tactics
4			system	software	technology	development	tokyo			cisco to open r d center in japan next february cisco systems will open a tokyo based research and development center focusing on internet software and routing technologies in february 2005, the company said in a statement on thursday.
1			party	parliament	prime	minister			hungarian prime minister resigns, pre empting ouster hungarian prime minister peter medgyessy resigned, pre empting a move by his ruling socialist party to oust him in a no confidence vote in parliament next month.
4			management	top	technology			trash your xerox if there were a contest for world 's worst corporate slogan, technology document management consulting services would definitely make the top 10.
1			leader	party			paisley says now or never for northern ireland northern irish protestant leader ian paisley has challenged his ira foes to give up their weapons, saying it is now or never for catholic republicans to agree a lasting political settlement with his party.
4			software			former software officer indicted the former chief operating officer of a san carlos software company has been indicted on charges of securities fraud for an alleged scheme to inflate the company 's revenue, authorities said wednesday.
1			election			venezuela awaits result of presidential recall vote audit venezuelan election officials say they expect to announce saturday, results of a partial audit of last sunday 's presidential recall referendum.
3			investor			too early for morrison to break open its champagne investors in wm morrison heaved a collective sigh of relief yesterday. there may be more hiccups along the way, went the consensus view, but the 3 billion safeway acquisition was ultimately going to work.
2			game	sale			leading games maker up for sale leading independent games maker, argonaut, is put up for sale to try to save the uk firm from going under.
3			investor	sale	stock			stocks surge on oracle, peoplesoft merger investors welcomed the end of oracle corp. 's 18 month battle to take over peoplesoft inc., pushing stocks higher monday. a better than expected survey of retail sales also helped the markets.
4			leader	technology			leader: has lycos empowered the spammers? even in the fleeting and transitory world of technology, lycos spam busting screensaver was the most short lived of initiatives.
1			tension	good	election	ally			wto approves sanctions against us in byrd row the european union and its allies got the go ahead on tuesday to slap potentially heavy sanctions on us goods in a row that could stir trade tensions ahead of the us elections.
3			stock			news corporation limited tries to fend off liberty media rupert murdoch's news corp. moved to ward off any hostile bid from liberty media with a plan to issue stock options to dilute the stake of any predator.
4			software	top			a statistical nod to cubicle workers they are defined as waitresses or accountants, software publishers or garbage collectors. some pull in top dollar, some the minimum wage.
4			system	software	upgrade	management			bmc looks to simplify network operations bmc software is expected to announce upgrades to two of its systems management products on monday.
4			ibm	software	code			compuware seeks severe sanctions in suit vs. ibm compuware is seeking reimbursement for its substantial efforts related to ibm 's failure to produce the software code, which it wants excluded as evidence from the trial. for its part, ibm remains confident compuware 's latest motion will ...
1			leader			eu leaders to sign constitution heads of state gather in rome to sign the eu constitution, as a row over the new commission continues.
4			user			demands over mobile radiation it should be easier for mobile users to discover the amount of radiation generated by their handsets, a leading expert says.
2			career			bout shapes de la hoya career oscar de la hoya is an underdog for the first time in his career and he doesn 't seem quite sure what to make of it. i know in my mind this is the one, said the golden boy.
3			stock			ready cash could reward wall street bulls stocks have gained little headway this year but could get a lift over the next couple months from an infusion of cash poised to come into the market from corporations and individuals, wall street experts say.
1			military	troop	tension	opposition	politician			uzbekistan military boost may spark unrest washington's plans to beef up its military base in uzbekistan as part of a troop realignment abroad could whip up tensions between the impoverished ex soviet republic's secular government and radical islamic groups, analysts and opposition politicians say.
4			system	server	high	application	project	price	storage			rackable systems adds new nas to line rackable systems has added to its line of nas solutions with its new s3116 nas server appliance. the new nas server is designed for datacenters looking for a high performance sata system at an affordable price, according to geoffrey noer, senior director of storage products at rackable systems. companies using expensive fibre channel based storage can migrate older projects to a lower cost rackable systems nas, noer said. other uses include disk based backup, small and medium business workgroups, and applications such as seismic processing and video rendering, he said.
4			system	enterprise	switch			fujitsu, cisco to develop routers, switches fujitsu ltd. and cisco systems inc. said today they have agreed to enter into a strategic alliance focusing on routers and switches that will help service providers and enterprises build advanced ip networks.
4			application	version			update: subsidiary guns for im interoperability voiceglo, a subsidiary of , has released a test version of an application designed to create interoperability among four major consumer instant message im networks.
2			title	race			rossi takes provisional pole at phillip island italian valentino rossi, chasing a fourth consecutive premier race world title, has grabbed provisional pole after initial qualifying in the australian motogp at phillip island in victoria.
4			grid	content	management	technology	integration	computing			oracle to tout business intelligence, content management oracle at the oracle openworld conference in san francisco next week plans to focus on its data hub technology for business intelligence, content management for the masses, grid computing, and integration, an oracle official said on thursday.
4			system	second	management	developer			motorola agrees to buy crisnet inc. motorola inc., the second largest maker of wireless handsets, said thursday it agreed to purchase crisnet inc., a privately held developer of records management and related systems for criminal justice and public safety customers.
1			president			cnn chooses ex cbs official as its u.s. chief cnn appointed jonathan klein, who used to be the no..2 executive at cbs news, as president of its domestic network.
3			country	chain	trading			metcash bids for foodland sydney: metcash trading ltd has launched an a $ 846mil bid for the australian local arm of rival foodland associated with the aim of cementing its position as the country 's third food and liquor chain.
3			management			bearingpoint gets subpoena in california bearingpoint inc., a management consulting firm, has received a subpoena from a grand jury in california regarding federal contracts going back to 1998, according to a regulatory filing thursday.
1			president			fujimori accounts hold millions of dollars peru former peruvian president alberto fujimori's bank accounts contain millions of dollars, much more than he could earn and potential proof that he stole large sums of state money during his 10 year rule, a supreme court judge said on saturday.
1			debate			in presidential debates, a duel of wits and styles if they resemble past debates, the impact this year will go well beyond a mere judgment of who won and who lost.
4			infrastructure	desktop	priority	identity	enterprise	software	project			sun releases solaris based desktop software com october 13, 2004, 5:06 pm pt. this fourth priority 's main focus has been enterprise directories as organizations spawn projects around identity infrastructure.
4			system	management	telephony			problems bedevil massive eds system in u.k. a welfare case management and telephony system worth some $ 806.5 million is in danger of being unplugged if the agency overseeing it cannot fix technical and procedural processes in the next several months.
4			glitch	upgrade	software			eds: it upgrade caused software glitch at u.k. agency some 40,000 computers in the u.k. department for work and pensions were cut off from their network last month when an it technician erroneously installed a software upgrade, according to eds.
4			system	linux	mac	alternative	use			us telecoms giant looks at throwing windows out network services giant at is evaluating different operating systems, including linux and mac os x, as alternatives to windows for internal use.
4			army	system			analysis: jiang zemin 's departure his philosophy has underpinned china 's opaque and secretive political system and, for this reason, jiang zemin 's decision to stand down as army chief three years ahead of schedule marks the real handover of authority.
2			sport			suvs gaining popularity the census bureau has confirmed what any driver on the parkway east already knows: there are a lot of sport utility vehicles out there.
2			sport	team	mets	season			howe done with mets, effective at season's end new york, ny sports network the new york mets have reportedly told art howe he will be fired, but he has agreed to remain as the team's manager until the end of this season.
4			leader	feature			google offers new book search feature online search leader google inc. is becoming more bookish.
3			sale			amex to record charge, cut jobs american express on friday said it expects to record a fourth quarter pretax charge of up to $ 120 million and cut 2,000 jobs related primarily to a restructuring of its business travel unit and the sale of some overseas banking operations.
4			upgrade	technology			tivo upgrade shifts tv shows to computer laptop tivo inc., maker of television recording technology, on monday said it has started shipping tivotogo, a service upgrade that allows some subscribers to view recorded programs on a computer or laptop.
3			investor	reserve	trading	earnings			markets keep eye on earnings investors will be looking ahead to the federal reserve 's meeting and third quarter earnings forecasts in wall street 's short trading week after the labor day holiday.
4			microsoft	system	software	file	graphic	application	flaw			major graphics flaw threatens windows pcs security flaw involving jpeg files affects at least a dozen microsoft software applications and operating systems.
2			race	season			i won 't quit says defiant coulthard a defiant david coulthard says he has no plans to retire from formula one after the season ending race in brazil. the briton will leave mclaren after the
4			listing	software	content			kanoodle and typepad movable type partner for sponsored blogs kanoodle and typepad movable type partner for sponsored blogs kanoodle, sponsored listings provider, and six apart, the maker of movable type and typepad blog software, today announced that the companies will offer typepad subscribers the ability to easily add kanoodle's content targeted sponsored links to their sites. this marks the ...
2			championship	royal	classic	cup	game			lukas goes all in ; azeri goes to classic azeri, the queen of thoroughbred racing for the past three years, could exit the game royally flush or as a royal bust in the breeders cup world thoroughbred championships here saturday.
2			championship	run	cub	good	sport	cardinal			morrissey keeps gda on the run a good subplot can be one of the most intriguing parts of a sports story. sammy sosa chasing mark mcgwire while the cardinals chased the cubs. shaq and kobe feuding while the lakers ran off three consecutive championships.
2			play	victory	season			new safety for giants is tough on himself for anyone who has watched the giants' defense over the past few seasons, safety brent alexander's critique of his play in sunday's victory seems laughable.
1			politics	debate	kerry	election	bush	iraq			web sites spoof bush, kerry with parodies if you're not ready to feverishly debate iraq or the deficit in this bitterly divisive election year, you can always surf the web, where politics is frequently nothing but a big joke.
2			play			first look: wearable camera debuts deja view's pricey miniature video camera lets you play back the highlights of your life.
4			project			blogs have overtaken 8 million americans, 57 are male blogs have overtaken 8 million americans, 57 are male after being pounded in the blogging stakes by rampant female blogging last year, men have flocked back to the blogosphere in increasing numbers, safe in the knowledge that once more, the pew internet and american life project would restore what many of ...
1			politician	talk			key ni talks move into third day northern ireland's politicians attend a third day of talks aimed at restoring devolved government.
4			desktop	processor	core			intel's dual core chips debut company outlines plans for yonah notebook processor, demonstrates desktop chip.
1			party	election			candidate for democratic party arrested in china ong kong, aug. 17 an already heated election campaign for the legislature here took an unexpected turn today with an announcement by the democratic party that one of its candidates had been arrested in mainland china on charges of ...
4			lab			jones will be next to feel heat victor conte, who founded the bay area laboratory co operative, which is at the center of a federal investigation, says marion jones and barry bonds trainer, greg anderson, received steroids produced by his lab.
2			football	jump	team	good	game			road trip: university of wisconsin there are many reasons to jump around in madison. for one, that scary good badgers football team. by adam duerson. the wisconsin badgers football team raise their helmets during the start of the game.
2			team			cycling union rejects phonak licence appeal doping scandals have cost the swiss cycling team, phonak, a place on next years protour circuit, which includes the world 's biggest cycling events.
3			chain			new burger has 1,400 calories, 103 grams of fat the hardee 's fast food chain has rolled out its new 1,400 calorie monster thickburger, with 107 grams of fat. the sandwich boasts two thirds of a pound of beef, four strips of bacon, three slices
2			strength	final	game	season			revolution hope history repeats itself based on their finishes in the last two mls regular seasons, the revolution could be in a position of strength. though the revolution 5 11 9 are in last place in the overall standings, their recent track record in the final five games of the season provides hope.
4			linux	alternative	software	source			uk gives open source the ok a uk government report encourages public agencies to consider using linux and other open source alternatives to commercial software.
1			minister			world in brief the world must do far more to reduce greenhouse gases than merely meet the targets set in 1998 at the kyoto environmental conference in japan, australias environment minister says.
4			user	military	system			consortium works on network interoperability a new international group of defense contractors and systems integrators plans to accelerate increased interoperability in network systems that serve the military, first responders and, eventually, commercial users.
2			cavalier	team			cavs pick up option on drew gooden the cleveland cavaliers thursday picked up the team's 2005 06 contract option on forward drew gooden.
1			president	coup			sirius names mel karmazin as its ceo in the latest coup for the fledgling satellite radio industry, sirius satellite radio inc. on thursday named former viacom inc. president mel karmazin as its chief executive officer.
3			investor	gain	stock			investors in google search for strategy google's stock has now traded for its first full week, inviting stock jocks to start handicapping whether or not it will hold onto its early gains or get the goo knocked out of it.
4			technique	software	vendor	licensing			kicking and screaming it appears software vendors and their customers are at opposite ends of the spectrum when it comes to newfangled licensing techniques.
4			platform	processor	hardware	microsoft	software	core			microsoft backs free dual core licences software megalith microsoft said it will not charge its customers extra for using its software on hardware platforms with dual core processors.
1			politician	human			hong kong politician's detention condemned human rights activists on wednesday condemned the detention of a hong kong pro democracy politician for allegedly having sex with a prostitute, and his sentencing without trial to six months of re education through labor.
4			virus	server	technology	switch			hp to release virus throttler for windows in 2005 hewlett packard co. hp is planning to build virus throttling technology into proliant servers and procurve switches starting in early 2005, an hp executive said today.
4			system			germany seeks truck payment the german government is seeking more than 4.5bn euros compensation from the consortium behind a late running toll system.
3			investor			orbitz: travelzoo's line in the sand a smart investor pays $ 1.25 billion for orbitz. so what's travelzoo worth?
1			talk			belgian and italian banks talk of partnership dexia, the belgian financial services firm, and sanpaolo imi, the italian bank, confirmed that they were in discussions about a partnership.
4			design	player			geek notes benq s new digital music player line, the joybee 180, comes in three different designs, each with an additional cover you can swop around.
4			space	project			canada still has eyes on x prize toronto's da vinci project says it has the go ahead from the canadian government for a manned space launch. question is, can the crew catch up to burt ratan's spaceshipone, which is halfway to winning the $ 10 million jackpot? by dan brekke.
4			software	management	application	access			computer associates buys netegrity computer associates will pay about $ 430 million in cash to acquire security software company netegrity, which makes the siteminder access management application.
1			leader	country			china celebrates deng centenary china is celebrating the 100th anniversary of the birth of deng xiaoping, its late supreme leader. for most chinese the diminutive figure was the man who set the country on a pragmatic reformist
1			parliament			eu panel opposes justice nominee a european parliament committee has narrowly voted to oppose italian rocco buttiglione as the eu 's next justice commissioner, officials say.
1			leader			national union leaders set a timeline for change november 11, 2004. washington aced with the impact of labor 's political loss on nov. 2, the afl cio executive council decided on nov. 10 on a timeline for changes in the union movement
4			technology			samsung electronics unveils world's highest resolution chip for handsets south korea's samsung electronics unveiled a new semiconductor chip that it says uses new technology to greatly enhance the quality of images on handset display panels.
4			priority	card	hardware			nokia joins secure digital memory card group with the economy slowly turning up, upgrading hardware has been on businesses radar in the past 12 months as their number two priority.
4			technology			china's huawei deploys its first u.s. mobile network chinese network equipment manufacturer huawei technologies is beginning to make inroads into the u.s. mobile telecommunications market about three years after establishing a subsidiary here.
2			ship	game	title			pathway to glory ships nokia announced today that wwii strategy title pathway to glory is now shipping for the nokia n gage game deck.
2			british	sport			british rowing approaches new era british rowing is entering an exciting new era following the retirement of matthew pinsent, according to several of the sport 's leading figures.
1			party			china admits communist cadres lose their heads an internal survey by the chinese communist party has found that more than half its higher echelon cadres are incompetent and many lost their heads when faced with difficult situations.
2			coach	jersey	team			frank signs four year extension with nets new jersey nets coach lawrence frank was given a four year, $ 10 million contract extension, the team announced thursday. the deal was made public about 12 hours after the nets suffered
1			fighting			fda letter asks abbott to pull kaletra promotions materials used by abbott laboratories to promote its hiv fighting drug kaletra overstate the medicine 's effectiveness and fail to warn about risks in taking the drug, the us food and drug administration said in a letter sent to the company.
2			increase	sport	development			involved dads help daughters' development a new study finds fathers who are interested in their daughters' activities whether traditionally masculine pursuits such as sports or traditionally feminine ones such as music increase the chances that the girls will stay involved with those activities.
4			networking			2 companies to make gear for phoning over internet linksys and netgear, providers of home networking equipment, are expected to announce that they are entering the business of making gear used to place telephone calls over the internet.
4			desktop	user	war	technology			apple copies windows claim launches desktop wars desktop search means a new battle for dominance between a wide field of competitors, and the warfare has begin. the technology promises users an incredibly fast way to search for data on their drives.
1			election	opposition			marchers demand fair ukraine poll tens of thousands march in a tense kiev in support for the opposition ahead of next weekend's election.
4			platform	core	generation			radvision gets deal for partner's 3g video trial israel's radvision said on monday its video services platform has been chosen by mobile phone operator partner communications as a core part of its third generation video services trial.
2			injury	coach	game			pacers o neal sidelined by foot injury pacers coach rick carlisle said yesterday that o neal probably would miss the remaining five games to rest a strained ligament in his left foot.
2			crowd	medal	stadium	game			liu xiang makes history the 21 year old chinese claimed the gold medal of the showcase men 's 110m hurdles before a capacity crowd of 70,000 at the olympic stadium in the 28th olympic games here on friday.
4			science			math whiz breaks calculation record a 38 year old with degrees in psychology, education and computer science needed only 11.8 seconds to calculate the 13th root of a 100 digit number in his head, setting a new record, organizers said.
4			user	file	software	sale			software tackles digital photo proliferation now that digital cameras have overtaken film cameras in sales, users are beginning to encounter a familiar problem what to do with the bulging image files and folders filling up computer hard drives?
4			project	source			france to host nuclear fusion project eu source the european union is confident of a deal on tuesday for france to host a 12 billion global nuclear fusion project after japan signaled it would give up its bid in return for compensation, an eu source said on monday.
2			team	coach	dame	football			meyer attends practice utah football coach urban meyer was just where he was scheduled to be thursday, at practice with his team. the new york times reported earlier in the day that meyer had been contacted by notre dame and that he would meet with school officials.
4			space	platform	microsoft	feature			implanet weekly news break the free, hosted msn spaces service is microsoft 's first consumer foray into providing a blogging platform. spaces will enable msn members to maintain a blog and control it with some sophisticated features that are not typical of all blogging services.
3			stock	earnings	share			; gt; eye on stocks news people report fiscal first quarter results well above analysts estimates. the maker of handheld computers reported revenue of $ 273 million and earnings of 43 cents per share
2			play			bruins learn how to grind, thanks to their cable guy on days like yesterday, gloomy, gray late afternoons by the lake, ucla used to come out and play the part of the powder blue preppies from westwood.
2			team	cup	championship			eight is enough for upstart american team the last time the usa went more than eight years without a davis cup championship was more than half a century ago and spanned a period when the
4			user	grid	side	emc	technology	use	computing	project			project shows business side of grid hoping to prove that grid computing can work in the business world, dell, emc, intel and oracle on tuesday announced a joint effort designed to show business users how to use the distributed computing technology.
2			coach			baer understands challenges of nd coach kent baer knows he has a difficult task as notre dame's interim head coach.
4			project			north korean fm says explosion was demolition blast north korean foreign finister said that a huge explosion in the country's remote interior that triggered fears of a nuclear test was a harmless demolition blast linked to a hydro electric power project.
3			stock			small caps still outperform large caps the davids of the stock market are beating the goliaths again.
1			party	president			two blasts rock kazakh ruling party's headquarters two powerful blasts rocked the headquarters of president nursultan nazarbayev's ruling otan fatherland party in almaty's busy central district sunday evening, a spokeswoman for the emergencies agency said.
3			stock			proquest to buy voyager expanded learning ann arbor, mich. proquest in ann arbor has agreed to buy voyager expanded learning in a 360 m million dollar cash and stock deal.
3			share			lockheed to take charge on court decision lockheed martin corp. will take a fourth quarter after tax charge of about $ 110 million, or about 25 cents per share, for damages and costs from a court decision rejecting its request to overturn a contract 's termination, the no.
1			party	coalition	indonesia	politician			golkar politician elected indonesia 's house speaker backed by the nationhood coalition of political parties, a senior politician of indonesia 's largest golkar party was elected speaker of the house of representatives early saturday.
4			system	software	license	share			grokster touts 'legal, licensed' p2p music share system licenses mercora 'person to person' radio software
4			cell	amd	leader	technology			spansion 512 mbit nor flash memory a leader, claims amd spansion llc, the flash memory joint venture of advanced micro devices inc. amd and fujitsu ltd., is mass producing a 512 mbit nor flash memory based on two bit per cell technology called mirrorbit, amd said tuesday nov. 2 .
1			general	democrat	election			right turn slovenia has overwhelmingly voted to oust the countrys liberal democrat government in favour of the centre right at the weekends general election.
4			software	microsoft			microsoft asks eu court to suspend antitrust ruling microsoft corp., the world 's largest software maker, asked a european union court to suspend an order by antitrust regulators forcing it to disclose information on the inner workings of its windows product to competitors.
4			ship	technology			seagate ships 400gb hard drive device uses ncq technology to prioritize a pc's requests.
4			system	park			wolverine wanders nearly 500 miles a wolverine wearing a global positioning system collar wandered nearly 550 miles in seven weeks, including a trip from pocatello, idaho, to the northern reaches of yellowstone national park.
3			profit	sale			bristol myers posts lower profit bristol myers squibb co. on friday reported a lower third quarter profit as u.s. sales fell amid competition from rival brands and cheaper generics and the company took a number of special charges.
3			stock			news corp. acts to block bids rupert murdoch's news corp. ltd. moved on monday to prevent a hostile bid from u.s. cable company liberty media corp., launching a plan to issue stock options that would dilute the stake of any predator.
4			concern	software			eu to rule on oracle's bid for peoplesoft european union regulators will decide tuesday whether oracle corp.'s hostile 7.7 billion bid for rival business software concern peoplesoft inc. can proceed, the eu's antitrust chief said friday.
4			plot	processor	broadband	development			intel plots path of wimax three years of solid development in wireless broadband lie ahead, intel says, as it gives a first look at its rosedale wimax processor.
2			final	nation	player	cup	fan	game			first the game, then ... one final horn honking, flag waving frenzy for the fans. one last, glorious opportunity for 40 of the world 's best players to pull on their nation 's colours and leave them wanting more in what should be a tremendous world cup final.
4			software			computer associates to acquire security company netegrity computer associates has signed an agreement to purchase netegrity, a provider of security software, in a deal valued at approximately $ 430 million.
2			coach			it 's been emotional says proud coach graham henry admitted he was mentally shattered after coming through an emotional return to cardiff with his pride intact but only just.
2			miller	top	triumph	victory	season	cup	sport			miller grows up to become the hero skiing needs with six victories already this season, including a record equalling triumph in every discipline, bode miller is dominating the world cup circuit and rival kalle palander believes the american's emergence at the top is just what the sport needs.
2			round	golf	share	player	sport			four share lead at nedbank challenge sun city, south africa sports network ernie els and retief goosen, the no. 3 and 4 players in the world, posted rounds of two under par 70 on thursday to grab a share of the lead after one round of the nedbank golf challenge.
1			system	election			problems abound in election system when americans go to the polls in november, they will confront a voting system beset by many of the same problems that produced the bitterly disputed outcome four years ago.
1			cabinet			the gathering storm the decisions on the disengagement plan to be made by the cabinet today and the knesset on tuesday may be essential steps, but they still will not ensure its implementation.
3			shareholder			peoplesoft shareholders back oracle bid oracle corp ceo larry ellison won the backing of peoplesoft inc shareholders for his us $ 8.8 billion hostile takeover bid, taking him a step closer to clinching the deal after a 17 month fight.
4			processor			photo: appro's xtremeblade appro's xtremeblade uses a 12.25 inch chassis that can house blades with two, four or eight opteron processors.
4			system			calpers plans to tackle abusive executive compensation sacramento, calif., nov. 16, 2004 smartpros california public employees retirement system calpers has a new plan to reign in abusive compensation practices in corporate america and hold directors and
2			medal	soccer	score	game	match			us, brazil tied 0 0 in gold medal match the us brazil soccer game for the gold has started, with a 0 0 score in the first half. this is an unexpected and interesting matchup: the us 's seasoned veterans face an up and coming, hungry
4			system	good	technology			techs can't find hangover cure there's plenty of good news out there in the technology sector, but nearly five years after the great nasdaq bust of 2000, bellwether firms like cisco systems continue to struggle.
4			software			oracle vows oversupport for peoplesoft customers business software maker oracle corp. orcl.o: quote, profile, research on tuesday promised to do everything it can to keep peoplesoft inc.
2			championship	football	series	system	game	bowl			bcs makes changes to ranking system bowl championship series officials on thursday announced major changes to the ranking formula that is used to decide the participants in college football 's division ia national championship game.
4			speed	technology	broadband	high	access			o2 and nortel demo super fast wireless broadband o2 and nortel have completed live mobile test calls using an emerging technology known as high speed downlink packet access hsdpa , which the firms claim is three times faster than today 's commercial 3g networks.
3			speed	chain	sale			morrison speeds up safeway rebranding grocer william morrison has reported strong sales at the safeway stores it has converted to the morrison brand and says it will speed up the rebranding of the chain it bought in march.
4			patent	license	computing	licensing			nec licenses honeywell lcd tech honeywell 's legal action against 34 electronics and computing companies for allegedly infringing one of its lcd patents has yielded its first public licensing agreement.
4			platform	processor	pentium	desktop	technology	core			intel 's dual core chips debut intel outlined its plans for a dual core mobile processor and platform technology this week, but declined to provide any details about the dual core future of its flagship pentium 4 desktop processor.
2			attack	final	run	cricket	sport			australia thrash india by 217 runs in first test: sports india, cricket: bangalore, oct 10 : india 's tail enders sunday defied the australian attack for a fairly prolonged period but could not prevent the visitors from winning the first test by 217 runs on the fifth and final day at m. chinnaswamy
4			developer			motorola to acquire meshnetworks motorola inc. said tuesday it has signed an agreement to acquire meshnetworks inc., a privately held developer of wireless networks.
3			profit	sale	retailer			amazon posts higher quarterly profit online retailer inc on thursday posted a higher quarterly profit, fueled by strong international sales and its free shipping offer.
2			united	football	club	increase	manchester	sport			manchester united football club confirm bid the reds have announced the news following intense speculation that american sports tycoon malcolm glazer was ready to significantly increase his stake in the club.
3			shareholder			appeals court revives oracle shareholder case while oracle corp. awaits a judge 's decision on whether it can continue in its quest to acquire peoplesoft inc., the company faced a setback in an unrelated case.
2			english	cricket	england	sport			terrestrial tv to lose live english cricket the england and wales cricket board today announced that sky sports have won the right to broadcast live all international cricket from 2006.
3			holding			sabre holdings names gilliland chairman sabre holdings corp., operator of the travelocity web site, reported monday its board named sam gilliland to serve as chairman in addition to being the company 's chief executive.
1			leader	country	election	president	opposition			romanians elect reformist centrist as president romanian opposition leader traian basescu won a tight presidential election on monday and vowed to usher in a centrist government to end the ex communist left's hold on power and take the country into the eu in 2007.
4			ibm	technology			lloyds tsb signs 500m network deal with ibm ibm has signed a 500m, seven year deal with lloyds tsb to enhance the banks voice and data services. ibm is acting as the lloyds tsbs strategic technology partner, as the bank builds a new national
2			play	player	game	feature			nintendo to bring music, video to ds game machine nintendo co. will begin selling an adaptor for its ds and game boy advance handheld game players to allow them to play music and video, the company said, matching a popular feature on sony 's portable game machine.
4			science	project			vocal biologist fired from wildlife agency the us fish and wildlife service has fired a biologist who publicly accused the agency of using bad science to approve construction projects in panther habitat.
2			player	coach	ball			sutton deserves plenty of blame for americans woes hal sutton certainly has the ball coach schtick down pat. he can recruit talent, chew players out, pat them on the back and toss out one liners with the best of them.
2			football	sport			sport 's hottest property, a collapsed trial, and the seedy world ... when the football agent paul stretford hid a camera behind a hotel coffee machine before a business meeting last year, he planned to reveal a campaign of bullying and blackmail
4			patent	good	license	vendor	technology			wi fi world under threat from symbol patent wireless vendor symbol technologies inc. has told us it will be seeking a big license fee from all wi fi equipment vendors for an infringed patent. and according to one manufacturer, proxim corp., it stands a good chance of getting it.
2			injury	team	score	hockey	player	game			college hockey: former cornell player dana antal scores game ... injuries kept former cornell athlete dana antal out of the spotlight of the canadian national team for the better part of five
1			debate			fda weighs antidepressant risks for kids a u.s. advisory panel began meeting monday to debate whether certain antidepressants should come with stronger warnings about the chances of suicidal behavior in children and teens who take the drugs.
1			nation	president	election			senate mulls whether goss should head cia even as congress revamps the nation's intelligence network, lawmakers appear intent on getting a new cia chief in office before they adjourn next month for the november election. president bush's choice for the post, retiring rep...
1			party	parliament	gain	election			right gains in lithuania elections right wing parties have scored a surprise success in lithuania 's parliamentary elections on the weekend. the right wing conservative party and liberal center union party won 43 seats together in the 141 member parliament.
4			user	text	application	technology			cingular wireless makes phone for vision impaired a new cellular application promises to help vision impaired people who can't read the screen of a mobile phone. it responds to spoken commands with voice recognition technology and reads back menu options, text messages, and other information to the user...
3			sale			how to spot a serial acquirer acquisitions can juice sales but can also lead to messy balance sheets. a simple test can sort them out.
3			growth	application			nokia sees multimedia phones as major growth driver in asia ... nov. 4 nokia is moving rapidly in the multimedia smart phone segment in the asia pacific market as part of its strategy to focus on what it sees as a key growth driver next year, with the introduction of three new interactive application handsets.
4			technique	race			the skinny on wariner: he 's fast he was leading the race, but for some reason, you just had the feeling he might slow down. i don 't know what it was about american jeremy wariner, his technique or thin muscles or something
4			use	software	microsoft			hackers use porn to target microsoft jpeg hole malicious hackers are seeding internet news groups that traffic in pornography with jpeg images that take advantage of a recently disclosed security hole in microsoft corp.'s software, according to warnings from antivirus software companies and internet security groups.
4			processor	space	system	ibm	linux	alternative	server	computing			ibm launches power5 linux server seeking an edge in the entry level computing system space, ibm nyse: ibm has unveiled a linux based server using the company's power5 processors. the openpower 720 product is being touted as an alternative to basic unix systems from hp nyse: hpq and sun.
2			speed	team	victory	win	coach			american swimmers fired up by relay win the us swimming team was slow off the blocks but is heading for home at full speed propelled by tuesday 's dramatic relay victory, us women 's head coach mark schubert said on wednesday.
3			holding			state reduces stake in air france the french government sells 17.7 of its stake in air france klm amid reports it may cut its holding in the airline to as little as 18.
1			leader	country			belarus apparently votes to end term limits voters in belarus appear to have approved a referendum that will scrap term limits and allow the country 's authoritarian leader to seek a third term in office.
3			sale			kids happy to get an apple in their stocking us holiday sales forecasts have been decidedly muted this year, but it appeared no one bothered telling the throngs of shoppers crammed into apple computer 's downtown san francisco store last week.
4			scientist	experiment	technology	science			s.korea says did scientific plutonium test in 1982 south korean government scientists enriched a small amount of plutonium in a one off experiment in 1982, the science and technology ministry said on thursday.
3			holding			googlers scoop up piles of cash while google founders larry page and sergey brin each made tens of millions of dollars selling some of their holdings in the internet search giant, they were hardly alone.
2			game	developer			no fun for game developers an anonymous essay criticizing video game publisher electronic arts is unleashing a torrent of complaints about work practices in the game world. missing links
2			coach	football	season			after 12 2 opening, three straight losing seasons brigham young was expected to announce the firing of gary crowton as football coach wednesday, according to a salt lake tribune report.
4			user	worm	researcher	technology			how can we stop im worms? traditional antivirus technology may be too slow to protect users, researchers say.
4			card	licensing	license	technology	use	membership			nokia licenses sd memory card technology, to join sdca espoo, finlandnokia corp. has applied for membership in the sd card association and has signed a licensing agreement that enables the use of sd memory cards in its devices.
2			title			world of warcraft debuts nov. 23. blizzard entertainment has confirmed that world of warcraft, its highly anticipated online world title, will debut on nov. 23.
2			salary	game	cub	season			sosa fined $ 87,400 for last game bolt sammy sosa was fined $ 87,400 one day's salary for arriving late and leaving early at the cubs' regular season finale at wrigley field.
4			user			hp unveils inkjet and laser printers at techxny this week, hewlett packard reminded business users that it is still an active innovator in printers and imaging devices.
4			feature			updated tungsten, treo set for release palmone's product revamp includes a tungsten handheld that won't let data die and a treo packed with higher end features.
1			leader	airway			pilots could control fate of us airways ith time running out and its future on the line, the us airways group will look to the leaders of the pilots union to do tomorrow what the union 's negotiators refused to do over the weekend
1			president			chile asks pinochet to explain $ 8 million us bank accounts chile 's former dictator augusto pinochet reportedly is the target of an investigation in his homeland probing up us bank accounts controlled by the ex president.
3			finance			greece to be warned on euro data the european commission is to warn greece about publishing false information about its public finances.
4			platform	application	development			borland looks to take on visual studio with diamondback the product combines development on the win32, delphi and .net platforms, accommodating legacy windows and new application development.
1			opposition	politician	election	ally			record turnout in hong kong election a record 1.7 million hong kong voters cast ballots yesterday for an election that sent a fresh contingent of prodemocracy opposition politicians to the legislature, but fewer than the outright majority feared by beijing's allies, exit polls indicated.
3			investor	system	share			poles line up to buy shares in bank poles signed waiting lists for a chance to buy shares in their largest bank, using a signup system from communist times to impose order on the crush of interested investors.
1			politics	president	fighter	gain	afghan			warlord politics heats afghan vote president karzai's rival gains ground by appealing to afghanistan's former anti soviet resistance fighters.
2			play	game	win			gold or nothing how you play the game? at the olympics, some think it is whether you win or lose. by david marash. athens, aug. 28, 2004 there was literally a field house full of great performances as the world 's greatest
4			technology			nasd bars ex banker quattrone for life the nasd on monday permanently barred former star technology banker frank quattrone from the securities industry for refusing to testify about his possible role in destroying documents and obstructing justice.
4			application			we owe much to des des did yeoman security service for thousands of applications, says counterpane internet security ceo bruce schneier.
3			system	profit	software	sale			siebel systems posts quarterly profit business software maker siebel systems inc. on wednesday reported a quarterly profit, after a year earlier net loss, helped by sales of new software.
4			mail	technology			frontbridge buys messagerite e mail security company frontbridge technologies inc. has bought messagerite inc. of irvine, california, a maker of technology for archiving e mail and instant messages, frontbridge said monday.
4			system	software	microsoft			microsoft takes lead in software for handhelds microsoft corp. is no longer an also ran in the market for handheld computer software. for the last three months, gadgets running the software giant 's windows mobile operating system outsold
2			champion	team	sport			loeb in limbo as french teams pull out sbastien loeb, the new rallying world champion, will be the highest profile casualty of a shock decision yesterday by two leading french manufacturers to pull out of the sport.
3			profit	sale	holding			cost cuts boost kmart quarterly profit kmart holding corp. kmrt.o on monday reported its third consecutive quarterly profit as cost cuts made up for slumping sales, and its cash pile grew to about $ 2.6 billion.
2			game	season			us keeper kasey keller joins southampton on loan us goalkeeper kasey keller, who lost his starting job at tottenham, joined southampton on friday in a four week loan deal. keller has played in only two games for spurs this season after being
3			investor	profit	database			oracle won't quit the database king extends its offer for peoplesoft for the 10th time. is there any profit left for investors?
4			infrastructure	system	upgrade	single	software	switch			trapeze upgrades wlan switch trapeze networks inc. will announce an upgrade today to its mobility system software that will let networks deliver stratified public and private wireless lan services over a single infrastructure.
4			ibm	technology	lawsuit			ibm settles pension suit, to take charge international business machines corp. has settled portions of an ongoing lawsuit related to pensions, and will take a charge of 320 million in the current quarter, the technology company said on wednesday.
3			profit	earnings			carnival sails to higher 3q profit carnival corp., the world 's biggest cruise group, said friday its quarterly earnings rose sharply, citing the merger with p o princess cruises last year.
4			system	holding			f p appliances buys dynamic cooking for $ 33 mln fisher paykel appliances holdings ltd., new zealand 's biggest home appliances maker, agreed to buy dynamic cooking systems inc.
3			growth			consumer spending lifts us growth us economic growth picked up in the third quarter, fuelled by strong consumer spending, official figures show.
3			share	sale	price			peoplesoft board won't negotiate takeover with oracle peoplesoft inc. won't discuss a sale to oracle corp. for a price of $ 24 per share, the company's board of directors saturday told oracle chief executive officer ceo larry ellison in a letter.
2			match			memory stick turns fingerprints into passwords lexar's jumpdrive touchguard uses a sensor that reads the ridges on a finger and unlocks encrypted data if there's a match.
4			platform	microsystems	desktop	java	system	management			sun jumpstarts java platform sun microsystems latest edition of its java platform offers improved performance and scalability, better system monitoring and management, and an updated look and feel for the desktop client
1			corruption	president			nicaraguan president faces removal by congress nicaragua's unpopular president faces possible removal from office after a special congressional committee was created on thursday to explore corruption charges against him.
4			microsystems	suite	alternative	server	application	source			office alternatives explore server based apps sun microsystems, with its staroffice suite, and the open source consider server based applications as a way to boost security, portability and deployment.
4			system			close encounter may have shaped solar system the outer reaches of our solar system may have been shaped long ago by a close encounter with another star that tore up both nascent planetary systems like colliding buzz saws, astronomers said on tuesday.
1			party	country	election	rise			far right surge in east alarms mainstream germany germany faced a surge of far right parties in eastern state elections, worrying about their rise and the ensuing damage to the country 's image.
3			stock			coventry health to buy first health coventry health care inc. on thursday said it agreed to buy rival health plan first health group corp. for about $ 1.8 billion in stock and cash as it looks to expand its geographic reach and keep pace with rivals.
4			software			09,16,04,counterfeit,californiawire a gardena man is among 11 people charged in a federal investigation that led to the seizure of $ 87 million in counterfeit computer software, prosecutors announced thursday.
3			investor	chain	stock	share			krispy kreme stock slump has investors bellyaching some of the biggest names on wall street have gobbled up shares of krispy kreme doughnuts inc. kkd.n: quote, profile, research , the doughnut store chain
4			enterprise	software	vendor	application	source			actuate moves to take enterprise reporting to open source business intelligence software vendor actuate is teaming up with the open source movement in an effort to give its applications more exposure in the marketplace.
2			player	winner	game	nation			powerball jackpot reaches $ 127 million press release there were no powerball jackpot winners saturday but 649,059 players across the nation won a total of more than $ 4.4 million in prizes in america 's game.
2			team	dream			dream team most unpopular athletes in olympics these dream team impostors are jeered in athens bars by americans, booed in the arena by greeks and the rest of the world, despised back home by people fed up watching their selfish ways on tv.
3			investor	high			hollywood gold riding high with the no. 1 flick, shark tale, dreamworks is dividing up the riches among its hollywood founders and investors.
3			share			us mobile deal keeps vodafone in the spotlight america 's third largest mobile operator, sprint, yesterday agreed to buy the fifth largest, nextel, in a well flagged cash and shares deal worth $ 36.3billion 19billion .
4			application			firefoxs biggest obstacle is lazy programming the biggest obstacle facing widespread adoption of the firefox browser is lazy programming not from the mozilla foundation but from corporates that have not tested their applications with anything but ie.
4			software	microsoft			microsoft braces for eu anti trust appeal us software giant microsoft said it will abide by whatever ruling is handed down by a european appeal court hearing due to start this week against an eu condemnation for abusing its market dominance.
4			developer	emc	technology	development			emc 's dantz buy reveals smb ambitions emc corp. on tuesday announced the acquisition of dantz development corp., developers of the retrospect family of backup and restore technology for the smb small to midsized business market.
4			united	technology			united tech says $ 2.8b cash deal for kidde accepted united technologies utx said its $ 2.8 billion cash offer for uk fire safety group kidde uk:kid has been accepted by kidde 's board.
1			crisis	president	opposition			filipino president warns of fiscal crisis the philippines is facing a fiscal crisis, president gloria arroyo said monday. arroyo is seeking political support for a $ 1.4 billion tax package that faces opposition in congress.
2			race			donnelley settles decade old suit rr donnelley sons settled a decade old race discrimination case stemming from the 1993 closing of its lakeside press plant, the company said thursday.
4			enterprise	system	ibm	management	technology			ibm, cisco beef up enterprise security following ca 's announcement yesterday, ibm gave word that they are bundling cisco network admission control nac technology into certain tivoli systems and network management apps.
4			desktop	system	software	feature	adobe			adobe beefs up flagship product acrobat software maker adobe systems inc. has upgraded its flagship desktop publishing products, giving powerful new features to not only the authors of electronic documents but also their recipients.
3			holding			fcc insulates web phone service from state rule u.s. communications regulators on tuesday exempted internet telephone services from certain state oversight, a boon for vonage holdings corp. and other providers aggressively pushing the new service.
3			growth	profit			ericsson returns to quarterly profit swedish telecommunications equipment maker ericsson today reported a return to net profit in the third quarter, lifted by healthy growth in its international markets.
2			beat	davenport	final	sport			friday 's sports in brief elena dementieva outlasted jennifer capriati 6 0, 2 6, 7 6 5 to set up all russian women 's final at the us open. earlier, svetlana kuznetsova became the first russian woman to reach the open final when she beat a limping lindsay davenport 1 6, 6 2, 6 4.
4			minute	technology			adv: blt roll out garage flooring better life technology has created unique garage flooring which beautifies in minutes and protects floors for years. sizes 10 wide are available. prevents concrete stains and deterioration.
4			share	technology	price			atr urges buy of apple; targets $ 78 price american technology research analyst shaw wu has initiated coverage of apple computer aapl with a buy recommendation, and a 12 month target of us $ 78 per share.
2			championship	ncaa	football	team	rise	win	player	coach	game			mary hardin baylor, continuing rapid rise, poised to win first ... make no mistake. the players and coaches on the mary hardin baylor football team are making every effort to win saturday 's ncaa division iii championship game in salem, va.
4			generation			smart little suckers a new generation of robotic vacuums is ready to do battle with dirt, dust and dog hair with more cleaning power and cunning than their ancestors could muster.
3			sale			real 's music deal ends realnetworks will end its three week freedom of choice online music promotion this week. over 3 million songs were purchased during the sale, the company says.
3			profit	gain			liberty will up vote in news corp. rupert murdoch 's news corp. posted a higher profit wednesday for its fiscal first quarter, driven by strong revenue gains in its broadcast and cable tv operations.
4			vulnerability	code			new security vulnerability in corrupt online images within days of the release of the security bulletin, there was proof of concept code available on the web. as the exploit was analyzed by various security groups, it was found that it was similar
3			stock	share			nitromed to offer $ 65.2 million shares nitromed inc., the maker of the bidil drug to treat heart failure in african americans, said monday it plans to offer $ 65.2 million of its common stock to the public.
1			leader	race			chase leaders catch a break darlington, sc seldom has rain been so welcomed by race drivers as the drizzle that washed out qualifying friday for sunday 's southern 500.
2			championship	champion	point	race	victory	win	season			schumi back to winning at japanese gp after three races without a win, the world champion cruised to his 13th victory of the season and a record of 146 championship points for the season yesterday.
3			share	chain	stock	sale	buyback			viacom posts loss; sets $ 8 bln buyback viacom inc. on thursday posted a quarterly loss on charges from spinning off the blockbuster inc. video rental chain, but its shares rose on a larger than expected stock repurchase and higher cable network advertising sales.
2			run	game			radcliffe hopes to run in beijing marathon world record holder paula radcliffe, undaunted by her disastrous showing at the athens olympics, hopes to run in beijing in four years and possibly even at the 2012 games.
4			feature	developer	integration	application	version			cerulean gives trillian 3.0 im sneak peek the trillian instant messaging im application will feature several enhancements in its upcoming version 3.0, including new video and audio chat capabilities, enhanced im session logs and integration with the wikipedia online encyclopedia, according to information posted friday on the product developer's web site.
4			minnesota	license	technology			minnesota gives new license technology a test drive minnesota next week will begin issuing a first of its kind driver 's license designed to thwart counterfeiters n issue that has taken on greater urgency since the sept.
4			cell	software	microsoft			microsoft sees music opportunity in cell phones us software giant microsoft is aiming to get its audio and video software into mobile phones before it is beaten to the 650 million handsets a year market by rivals like apple.
2			parliament	coach	sport			aftermath of athens 2004 sports scandal the greek parliament received a report tuesday which examined state funding for a business owned by christos tsekos, the former coach of greek sprinters kostas kenteris and katerina thanou, who are themselves under investigation for avoiding drug tests
4			engineer	system	software	license	source			sun submits mystery license to open source group a sun engineer chartered with directing the engineering effort to open source solaris has published a new software license that could be used for the open source release of sun 's unix operating system.
4			united	nasa	system	prime	technology			united tech unit gets nasa pact building systems and aerospace products maker united technologies corp. said thursday that nasa selected its flight systems manufacturing unit as the prime contractor for extravehicular systems work that could
3			investment	fund	trading			fremont settles fremont investment advisors agreed thursday to pay $ 4.1 million to settle federal and state regulatory allegations that it permitted market timing and late trading in its funds.
4			desktop	feature			intel sheds light on 2005 desktop strategy company says that instead of just performance, customers now want manageability features and lower power consumption.
3			management			5,000 alitalia job cuts planned management at the italian national airline alitalia has put forward a rescue plan to trade unions that foresees slashing 5,000 jobs to keep the struggling carrier aloft.
4			user	application	suite	version			netsuite urges users to upsell asp netsuite this week unveiled the latest version of its hosted applications suite with a focus on upsell and e commerce functionality.
2			play	coach	talk	team			nothing very special about wildcats effort when asked about northwestern 's special teams play saturday, coach randy walker just sighed and shook his head. i don 't want to talk about it, walker said.
4			software			ca to face arraignment in probe update computers associates international is facing arraignment in federal court wednesday on criminal charges stemming from a two year investigation into the software company 's accounting practices.
4			gate	developer			briefly: melinda gates joins washington post board roundup plus: the woz has got game...opera browsing, as seen on tv...edgestream introduces iptv platform...dolby, intel sound off for developers.
4			content			china shuts 1,600 cybercafes a furious china has shut down over 1,600 internet cafes and arrested people in a bid to curb the menace of content which is harmful to public morality.
2			franchise			something's brewing at diedrich coffee the starbucks competitor will sell its international franchise business to battle at home.
4			developer	source			firefox fortune hunters just because firefox is free and open source doesn 't mean developers aren 't cashing in on the popularity of the mozilla foundation 's new browser.
1			president			peru tells japan fujimori headed criminal group former president alberto fujimori, who is in exile in japan, headed a criminal organization that murdered 25 people in the early 1990s, the peruvian foreign ministry told japan in support of an extradition request against fujimori.
2			team	president			fairy tale or not, knicks call malone isiah thomas, the team president, made a call wednesday to the agent for karl malone, the disillusioned former lakers forward.
4			microsystems	app	enterprise	upgrade	server	application			sun readies app server upgrade sun microsystems is readying an upgrade to its enterprise level application server and is touting new downloading figures as evidence of the companys growing presence in the application server market.
4			software	game			unprecedented electronic digital net for olympics if you're planning on attending this month's olympic games, you'd best be careful what you say and do in public. software will be watching and listening...
1			crisis			state health care proposition would benefit many workers it is often said that national trends originate in california. by voting yes on proposition 72 next tuesday, california voters have a chance to start a positive national trend toward solving our health care crisis.
4			system	crm	development			broadcaster sues eds over crm contract the uk 's largest satellite tv broadcaster sued electronic data systems corp. last week over a $ 109 million crm development contract that was signed in late 2000 and then terminated two years ago.
4			standard	generation			blu ray disc association launches in an echo of the vhs betamax battles, the blu ray disc association announced yesterday that it has expanded its list of members and officially launched the organization, which is developing standards for next generation disc formats for video.
3			strength	good	software	sale	game			nintendo ds sales get good start in us, japan nintendo has played down the threat from sony, saying that nintendo 's strength lies in software and the ability to make games that are easy and fun.
2			nba	champion	denver	sport			sports world denver dennis rodman, the 43 year old former nba rebounding champion, participated in an informal workout with the denver nuggets on thursday.
4			science			senate committee approves wireless spectrum bill the senate commerce, science and transportation committee approved a bill that sets a 2008 deadline for clearing broadcasters from wireless spectrum promised to public safety agencies.
2			medal	fan	game	team			fans cheer olympic heroes olympic and paralympic medallists took part in the ticker tape event to celebrate team gb 's medal success in the games. david davies, wales 1500m swimming bronze medallist at the olympics was joined by paralympians
4			silicon	speed			intel to redefine performance at idf intel co founder gordon moore 's famous law will be re examined again next week, as intel shifts away from pure speed to the more efficient utilization of silicon.
3			good			fla. supreme court puts nader on ballot ralph nader is back on florida's ballot probably for good this time...
1			talk			rescued crew talk of exhausting and frightening ordeal a crew of five rescued off the coast of cornwall after spending eight days adrift in a liferaft have spoken of their exhausting and frightening ordeal.
2			league	coach	team			utah expansion team taps ellinger as coach john ellinger, the u.s. under 17 national team coach for the past seven years, was hired wednesday as the coach of major league soccer's expansion team in utah.
4			software	mini	mac	server			new pc in old mac clothes tinkerer iain sharp couldn't bear to part with his first computer a mac se 30 so he turned it into a powerful media server using a mini pc motherboard and a software emulator. by leander kahney.
4			system			thoughts on free speech our system is based on freedom of speech, said nathan melton of spanish fork. whether people agree with someone 's opinions or not, each person has the right to be heard.
4			linux	application	technology			briefly: target to sell tivo dvrs roundup plus: unisys signs up linux allies...looksmart names new ceo...akamai boosts web application technology supported by hp, samsung.
2			game			games giant muscles in on mobiles games giant electronic arts is joining forces with a scottish mobile entertainment firm to make more mobile games.
2			team	talk	offense	kick	sport			catie whelan catie whelan of weymouth has little problem getting her kicks in. a catalyst behind the no. 10 wildcats' offense, she is the reason the team sports a 9 1 2 mark in the competitive bay state conference. the senior talks about broken shins and macaroni in this week's
2			football			spat on vogts resigns scotland manager berti vogts has resigned because of disgraceful abuse including being spat upon, he said in a scottish football association statement on monday.
4			system			sap launches remote security service sap ag has extended the scope of the sap active global support customer service portfolio with the addition of sap security optimization, a remote service that investigates sap systems for security vulnerabilities and proposes an action plan.
4			user	microsoft	software	management	patch	server			dell and microsoft collaborate to reduce patch work. dell and microsoft are to combine their patch management programs, making it easier for users to secure their servers. dell will combine its openmanage 4 server management software with microsoft 's installation
3			strength	profit	region	earnings			beazer homes posts higher 4q profit first time homebuilder beazer homes usa inc. said friday that fourth quarter earnings rose sharply due to strength in home orders from the mid atlantic, southeast and west regions.
2			player	coach	football	jim			geiger, tressel defend ohio state ohio state athletic director andy geiger and coach jim tressel defended the school's football program tuesday against charges that players were paid by boosters and coddled academically.
4			desktop	tool			yahoo! to get its own desktop search tool after the launch of google 's new desktop search tool, it was only a matter of time before other search engines followed suit. yahoo!
1			minister			italy to quit kyoto pact after 2012 newspapers italy is likely to withdraw from the kyoto protocol on climate change at the end of the treaty's initial period in 2012, italy's environment minister was reported as saying by italian newspapers on wednesday.
4			tool	system			google sees benefits in corporate blogging google has seen many benefits from its internal web log system and may consider providing blogging tools and expertise to corporate clients, a company executive said.
3			value			sprint to cut 700 jobs, devalue assets sprint corp. said friday it will cut up to 700 jobs, write down the value of its traditional phone network and spend less money marketing standalone long distance service.
4			nvidia	technology	card			albatron debuts nvidia agp6600 and agp6600gt cards for the agp 8x ... albatron technology today announced the nvidia based agp6600 and agp6600gt vga cards, both of which are designed for the agp 8x interface.
2			championship	nation	race	play	cup			talladega superspeedway plays major roll in nascar history the nations largest superspeedway at 2.66 miles is the home of the first superspeedway event and first restrictor plate race in nascars bold, but controversial, nextel cup chase for the championship.
4			technology	development			philips to nearly double china r d staff dutch electronics firm philips said on wednesday it plans to almost double its research and development staff in china to 1,300 over the next 2 years, underscoring the country's growing clout as a technology center.
3			fund	share			calpers tendered its peoplesoft shares calpers, the biggest us pension fund, said on thursday that it had tendered its 1.5 million shares of peoplesoft inc. psft to oracle corp.
1			presidency			the fpj chronicles last may, he fought for the presidency and just recently, he fought for his life. fernando poe, jr. lost both fights but the ironies of ironies is that he has never been more alive now than any time in the hearts of the filipino people.
4			software			ex computer associates ceo kumar indicted former computer associates international inc. chairman and chief executive sanjay kumar has been charged with securities fraud, conspiracy and obstruction of justice in connection with a multibillion dollar accounting scandal at the software company.
2			title	team	win			just give it a rest it 's time for spoiled stars to leave families ... i m not asking for much here. i m willing to overlook a lot, rationalizing this, forgiving that. when latrell sprewell wonders why he should try to win a title for a team that wouldn 't extend his contract, i
4			drop	technology	stock	alternative			tech cos. unveil options expensing plan a group of technology companies tuesday renewed pressure on accounting rule makers to drop a stock options expensing rule, unveiling an alternative that they say is easier and less expensive to adopt.
4			share	system	networking	technology	texas	price			3com buys texas web security company 3com corp., the marlborough maker of computer networking equipment, said it agreed to buy a texas maker of antihacker security systems, tippingpoint technologies inc., for $ 430 million in cash. tippingpoint makes so called intrusion prevention systems for businesses, government agencies, colleges and universities, and telecommunications service providers and systems. tippingpoint has 125 employees at its austin headquarters. the $ 47 per share purchase price offered owners ...
4			cell			supreme court addresses prison sentences with thousands of prison sentences on the line, the supreme court will decide whether judges have too much power to tack on extra cell time in a case that one justice said could wreak havoc on courthouses nationwide.
3			sale			anheuser busch plans to debut souped up beer in attempt to revive ... in an effort to revive flattening sales and attract new drinkers, anheuser busch is unveiling a new concoction a fruity smelling beer, spiked with caffeine, guarana and ginseng.
1			gain	election			slight gain seen in jobs, but not health care costs labor day is a time to fire up the barbecue pit and hang out at the beach for the last official rite of summer. it 's also the day, every four years, when the presidential candidates ramp up their campaigns for the homestretch to election day.
2			coach	stadium	bowl			bowden bowl key for clemson, florida st. a 9 foot bronze statue of florida state coach bobby bowden was unveiled friday outside of doak campbell stadium.
2			night	sport			balco founder goes public in sports steroids scandal but on national television friday night, and in a first person story posted on a magazine 's web site, the alleged mastermind of the balco sports doping scandal seemingly
1			talk			dot com business plan archive david kirsch will be online to talk about research at the university of maryland's robert h. smith school of business to preserve records from the dot com era of the late 1990s.
4			exchange	software	management	networking	version	switch			3com partners with wireless switch start up 3com is the latest networking company to partner with a wireless lan switching start up. 3com said monday it will begin reselling a version of the mobility exchange switch and management software from trapeze networks under the 3com brand later this year.
4			user	system	vendor			report: transition to 3g wireless networks could be bumpy wireless vendors are committed to building 3g systems despite the fear that users will turn up their nose at all the extra bandwidth.
3			percent	share	profit	stock	sale	trading			food stocks mixed on campbell report shares of food makers were mixed in monday trading after campbell soup co., the world 's largest soupmaker, said its first quarter profit grew 9 percent on stronger sales of its popular condensed soups.
1			election	finance			back to the drawing board at the fec a us district court judge has sent the federal election commission back to work on a passel of rules it wrote to put the 2002 campaign finance law into effect.
2			medal	tournament	team			sour grapes as another us boxer bites the dust the us boxing team sucked on sour grapes after being left with just one gold medal prospect in the olympic boxing tournament friday.
4			technique			forensic experts track printer fingerprints counterfeiters who make $ 10 bills on printers could find the cops on their trail if tracking techniques pan out.
2			champion	championship			michael phelps forced to withdraw from swimming championships us olympic swimming champion michael phelps, was forced to withdraw from competition at the short course world swimming championships in indianapolis because of back pain.
4			platform	java	enterprise	server	application	source	version			jboss releases application server 4.0 this middleware offering is touted as the first open source application server to achieve compatibility certification for the java 2 platform enterprise edition j2ee version 1.4 by passing the 23,000 tests of the test compatibility kit.
3			good			bad fit? bad color? good riddance if you can bring yourself to just do it, returning things bought! on the web is getting easier.
4			player	microsoft	software			microsoft ready to remove media player software giant will follow court orders and comply with eu's demands if necessary.
4			holding	technology			arm buys us tech firm artisan semiconductor designer arm holdings arm.l has agreed to buy us technology firm artisan arti.o for $ 913 million 503.3 million pounds , to boost its product range, but
1			leader			ukraine still in turmoil despite concessions ukraine's outgoing leader made key concessions tuesday to opponents staging mass protests against a rigged presidential poll, but failed to agree exactly how to end the ex soviet state's political turmoil.
4			pitch	game	technology			china telecoms companies in olympic pitch huawei technologies and zte, the leading chinese telecommunications equipment makers, say they are in discussions to become sponsors of the 2008 olympic games in beijing.
4			system	version			intelligent conversation with your car honda already had the most advanced voice controlled navigation system on the market, but the new version, announced sept. 1, introduces a slew of improvements.
2			park	cup	race	saint			ghostzapper captures woodward ghostzapper, by a neck. in a thrilling stretchlong duel down the middle of the track, a gallant ghostzapper held off saint liam and won yesterday's $ 500,000 woodward stakes, one of three grade i races at belmont park leading up to the breeders' cup oct. 30.
4			speed			say goodbye to the float as checking enters 21st century consumer advocates are urging bank customers to be more careful about the checks they write now that new federal regulations designed to speed up check processing have taken effect.
4			software			eds sells wireless group continuing its transformation process, eds quote, chart sold off one of its wireless software ventures for $ 57 million, officials said thursday.
4			institute	linux	technology	source			why the open source model can work in india an indian institute of technology professor and open source evangelist discusses the role of linux and open source in india.
4			software	microsoft			microsoft launches appeal against eu ruling us software giant microsoft on thursday launched its legal appeal against a stinging eu anti trust ruling, six months after it was fined nearly half a billion euros for abusing its market dominance.
1			winner	election	showdown			showdown over nuclear plans awaits election winner for all the focus on foreign policy in this campaign, neither presidential candidate has spent much time explaining what may loom as the largest new challenge after tuesday: what to do about iran.
4			technology			toshiba unveils clearer flat panel tv toshiba corp. has a new flat panel tv that delivers clear imagery comparable to the old style cathode ray tubes by using similar beam emitting technology.
2			game	ncaa	season			linfield college qb nears ncaa td mark brett elliott started eight games for utah before breaking his wrist early last season.
4			enterprise	system	bea	software	management	development			bea grabs ca exec to head product group bea systems inc. has hired the computer associates international inc. executive responsible for ca's unicenter line of enterprise management software to head bea's product development group.
4			hardware	top	linux	software	gene	source			blue gene, linux top supercomputing list open source software and off the shelf hardware make strong showing among the best of the biggest.
4			team	system	vendor	server	standard			dcml and oasis team to boost data center interoperability dcml proponents hope that joining oasis will help the standard cross a major barrier in adoption of its data center standards the inclusion of major server and operating system vendors.
2			play	game	exhibition			o neal might return tonight center shaquille o neal missed his third exhibition game tuesday because of a strained left hamstring, but could play in tonight 's exhibition finale at orlando.
2			season			majerus leaves tv gig to take coaching job at southern california he retired nearly a year ago for health reasons after 15 seasons at utah, but he couldn 't stay away from his life 's passion.
2			season			knicks make a so so climb into first place the atlantic division may be mediocre, but the knicks can claim a modest achievement early in their season they are in first place.
2			night	coach	football			ap: ohio hires solich as football coach former nebraska coach frank solich has been hired as coach of ohio university, the associated press learned wednesday night.
2			career			new billboard beauty in london 96 years young it's never too late to start a new career, even if you're 96 years old and the new job is modelling cosmetics.
2			gunner	race	football			football: one norse race for gunners considering rosenborg haven 't won away in europe for five years, highbury would have been rocked if the gunners hadn 't. the norwegian challenge was snuffed out by the break.
4			software			spam happy shoppers love stolen software online shoppers are still willing to buy products advertised in spam, indicating that the problem is unlikely to desist anytime soon, a new survey shows.
4			microsystems	microsoft	software	standard	source	switch			sun pushes openoffice standard sun microsystems is backing european union efforts to standardize office document formats, including a proposal that would enable people to switch easily between microsoft based documents and those created with open source software.
2			game			more gran turismo 4 info nike will release a special edition of gran turismo 4 on december 3rd in japan that will come with the game, a special pair of gt4 shoes, an aliminium case, and a special gt4 t shirt that when scanned by the sony eyetoy will unlock a nike car in game that
4			platform	microsoft	tool	software	development	code			borland to tout tool for building microsoft apps borland software at its borcon conference here on monday will preview the upcoming diamondback release of its delphi development tool for the microsoft platform, which is to support development via managed code.
1			leader			in court, ellison gets 'genghis khan' hearing peoplesoft's former chief says he called larry ellison every name in the book, but ellison himself invoked the mongol leader.
4			identification	frequency	upgrade	technology	player	investment			singapore 's investment in radio frequency identification paying ... singapore : a government initiated plan to upgrade the technology used by logistics players is paying off. the plan involves getting industry players to develop tags using radio frequency identification or rfid technology.
2			good	game	series			programs: for stealth lovers, 'thief' is a steal one of the joys of the games in the thief series is the ability to sneak up on opponents, quietly take them out with a good knock on the noggin, and then dump their body in the shadows so you can resume your hunt for loot.
4			generation			airbus to set up center in china next year airbus sas plans to set up an engineering center in china next year to focus on new generation jets for the mainland 's fast growing aviation market, the french aircraft maker said monday.
4			investor	software			oracle peoplesoft a done deal? investors bet that now that peoplesoft has fired conway, the way is paved for a friendly deal. that was how most wall street analysts summed up oracle 's chances of finally acquiring rival software maker peoplesoft
2			season			moss in; birk and dorsey out? the vikings feared they would lose matt birk for much longer than they did earlier this season. with his pain resurfacing, he will likely be a gametime decision sunday.
2			player	cricket	tour	team			indian cricket team arrives in bangladesh india 's national cricket team arrived in dhaka wednesday for a bangladesh tour approved despite an islamic group 's threat to kill the indian players.
3			software	low	management	sale			best software strategizes for midmarket dominance for a company that owns two of the most widely used midmarket software packages for sales and contact management, best software inc. has been a fairly low key competitor in the market over the past few years.
3			profit			orbitz posts higher quarterly profit internet travel agency orbitz inc. orbz.o: quote, profile, research , which has agreed to be bought by cendant corp. cd.n: quote, profile, research , on wednesday reported a higher
4			hurricane	technology			wireless technology aids post hurricane claims processing property and casualty insurers such as state farm and the hartford have invested in wireless and other technologies to streamline claims processing for policyholders affected by recent hurricanes.
3			shareholder			novar keen to accept 800m bid from honeywell novar, the uk conglomerate, is recommending that its shareholders accept an 800 million cash bid from honeywell international, the aerospace to transport multinational.
1			leader			alitalia union may agree job cuts a union leader at alitalia says for the first time that he may consider job losses to help secure the future of the troubled italian carrier.
4			suite	system	ibm	trading	development			ibm broadens suite of rfid services the rfid services from ibm will include consulting, business case development, technical proof of concept, pilots for the client and trading partners and full system implementation for industrial companies.
2			measure	team	worry	crisis	sport			cash fears worry mosley motorsport boss max mosley has warned formula one team owners they need to take radical measures to drag the sport out of a financial crisis.
4			processor	software	licensing	core			seeing double in software licensing new dual core processors will make conventional software licensing models obsolete. what's next?
3			stock			stocks to watch on thursday, october 7 clorox co. :
4			good	technology			nokia extends messaging options in handsets nokia corp. said deals with visto corp. and good technology inc. to expand the messaging options on its handsets. nokia has a similar agreement with visto and good rival research in motion ltd.
2			play	team	football	bowl			wvu will play florida state in gator bowl the most enjoyable part of rich rodriguez 's message to his west virginia football team yesterday was short and sweet. the mountaineers will play in the gator bowl probably
4			system	high	speed	technology			convention boasts state of art technology the republican national convention has more than 40,000 miles of cabling to operate high speed computer systems, telephone lines and live television broadcasts.
4			plea	war	researcher	technology	scientist			researchers develop 3 d phone technology it 's an idea that was popularized by princess leia 's plea for help in star wars: sending a 3 d hologram. now, two japanese scientists have developed technology they hope will one day turn the humble
4			user	development			parc signs multiyear research deal with fujitsu palo alto research center parc , the legendary xeroxinstitution that pioneered graphical user interfaces, ethernet and laser printing, is set to announce on tuesday a multiyear research and development agreement with fujitsu.
1			crisis			corporate pension troubles show signs of worsening the corporate pension crisis seems to be going from bad to worse. first, companies struggled to come up with the money to cover their benefit obligations, and now they want to ditch their plans altogether.
4			database	microsoft	tool	technology	server			embarcadero enhances sql server backup embarcadero technologies on monday is unveiling its dbartisan workbench 8.0 database administration tool, featuring enhanced backup capabilities for microsoft sql server databases and support for performance metrics in the oracle10g database.
4			lab	licensing	enterprise	linux	software	development	source			open source software licensing and the law to be featured at ... the open source development labs osdl , a global consortium dedicated to accelerating the adoption of linux in the enterprise, today announced the creation of a open source software licensing legal education track at its upcoming enterprise linux
3			use	sale			ps3 to use blu ray, ps2 gets new slimline look playstation 3 will use the blu ray disc format, while a new, slimmer playstation 2 will go on sale internationally early in november.
2			play	movie	game			video game makers play it safe the video game industry has a lot in common with the movie business, in that both industries bank heavily on special effects, big releases and even glamour.
2			play			bulls play hard, lose although it was more competitive than most of their other trips to the west coast in recent years, the result was the same.
4			side	content	hardware			disney sides with the blu ray disc assocation the blu ray disc association bda today announced that the walt disney company will become a member of the board of directors of the bda, and will begin releasing content non exclusively in the blu ray disc format when blu ray hardware launches in north
2			play	game	football	championship			all eyes on bowden after family tragedy who would have thought that one of the greatest rivalries in college football over the last 20 years, a game that often has decided who will play for the national championship, would become an afterthought?
4			system	microsoft			microsoft seizes pda market lead from palmsource microsoft led the market in the third quarter for operating systems used in personal digital assistants, surpassing for the first time the palm os that dominated the handheld computer segment for years.
4			spokesman	technology			iran rejects limits on nuclear technology iran has rejected demands by europe 's three major powers to abandon its uranium enrichment programme. foreign ministry spokesman hamid riza asifi said on sunday iran had already the technology required for
1			talk			talk now mark ii limps out just how many times can you 'soft launch a product? well, orange has already launched talk now its push to talk ptt service wice this year.
4			ibm	amd	technology			new technology from amd and ibm boosts chip performance the manufacturing technology can result in faster chips without increasing power requirements, say the companies. by darrell dunn.
2			night	game			paralympics sombre closing ceremony instead of the fireworks and all night partying that usually accompanies such an event, it was a scaled back closing ceremony for the athens paralympics in tribute to seven teenagers killed in a bus crash on their way to the games.
4			software	version			apple software to help garage bands jam digital musicians will have a few new riffs for their virtual production boards, at least those using the latest apple software. apple computer on wednesday announced new versions of its pro and midrange digital
4			user	technology			vodafone offers blackberry phone with smaller keyboard european users are expected to be some of the first to get their fingers on blackberry handsets featuring a new keyboard technology that promises streamlined typing functionality on compact, converged devices.
4			airway	space	project			branson aiming to build hotel in space sir richard branson has said one of the next projects he wants to undertake is building a virgin hotel in space. the multi millionaire entrepreneur is working on plans for virgin galactic airways and has designers
4			desktop	tool	integration	source			mozilla mulls desktop search integration for firefox the mozilla foundation is busy planning enhancements to its new open source firefox web browser, including the possibility of integrating it with a variety of desktop search tools.
4			system			nobels bring prestige to calif. colleges the university of california system is amassing nobel prizes at campuses once noted more for beer bashes and odd mascots than academic excellence...
3			profit			jabil posts profit on stronger demand p p p san francisco reuters contract electronics manufacturer jabil circuit inc. jbl.n on tuesday posted a quarterly profit that more than doubled on stronger demand for computers, cellphones and other electronic products. p
4			ipod	technology			french competition body rejeccts open ipod claim the french competition council has rejected virgin france 's claim that apple 's fairplay technology should be licensed to other companies online music stores.
4			technology			at museums, computers get creative interactive exhibits have been a mainstay in museums for more than three decades. in recent years museums have become more creative about the way they introduce technology into their exhibits.
1			party	election	defeat			schroeder 's party routed in german vote german voters handed chancellor gerhard schroeder a stinging defeat in elections sunday in the small western state of saarland, reflecting public anger over his drive to cut
4			linux	core	software	version			palmsource to build palm os on linux palmsource is to create a new version of the palm os with linux at its core, the company said today after announcing a plan to buy chinese phone software company china mobilesoft cms .
2			play	player	game	feature			nintendo to bring music, video to ds game machine nintendo co. will begin selling an adaptor for its ds and game boy advance handheld game players to allow them to play music and video, the company said, matching a popular feature on sony's portable game machine.
4			alexander	technology			smart web looking into the future alexander linden, a prominent gartner research analyst will be talking about the future later this week in cannes, france. smart web was held ahead of this week 's itxpo symposium, an annual event held to identify the future of technology.
3			enterprise			afc enterprises to sell cinnabon to roark capital afc enterprises inc. plans to sell its cinnabon subsidiary to focus brands inc., an affiliate of roark capital group, for $ 30.3 million.
3			growth	region	sale			gartner: mobile phone sales up 26 worldwide mobile handset sales topped 167 million units, with almost all regions posting growth, according to the latest numbers coming out of gartner.
2			league	baseball	team			reports: expos move imminent the montreal expos have a home and washington dc once again has a team. according to numerous reports, major league baseball formally will announce wednesday that the expos will be relocated
4			user	low	amd	technology	access			amd introduces low cost net access device in india us chip maker advanced micro devices inc. amd.n: quote, profile, research has introduced a low cost internet access device that could cost just a few hundred dollars, aimed at first time technology users in the developing world.
2			team	stadium	football			fueling the fires chattanooga businessman terry nida has gone to neyland stadium in knoxville to cheer on the university of alabama football team since 1976.
2			hockey	football			today's schedule college football: bryant at bentley, 7 p.m. college hockey: men maine at merrimack, 7 p.m.; umass at providence, 7 p.m.; harvard at brown, 7 p.m.; air force at holy cross, 7 p.m.; north dakota at bc, 8 p.m. women bc at dartmouth, 5 p.m.; brown at maine, 7 p.m.;
4			infrastructure			motorola gets nextel contract extension communications giant motorola inc. said thursday it received a three year contract extension from nextel communications inc. to continue supplying telecommunications infrastructure for nextel 's iden walkie talkie phones through 2007.
4			leader	microsoft	system	patch	technology	flaw			microsoft offers patch to fix security flaw microsoft corp., a worldwide leader in operating systems and internet technologies, announced that it has found a major flaw in windows xp operating system that is related to the jpeg image format.
1			election	holding			hong kong holding legislative elections after a campaign marred by scandal and alleged intimidation, the people of hong kong voted sunday under gray skies in legislative elections that could give pro democracy
4			virus	server	technology	switch			hp to release virus throttler for windows in 2005 hewlett packard hp is planning to build virus throttling technology into proliant servers and procurve switches starting in early 2005, an hp executive said tuesday.
1			election			beijing accused of meddling in hk elections hong kong media and a rights group accused beijing on thursday of meddling in a weekend election, saying its publicity about a pro democracy candidate jailed for hiring a prostitute was timed to influence the result.
3			good			report: chip gear industry having a good year gartner says 2004 is likely to be one of the best years for the semiconductor capital gear market, but next year isn't looking quite so hot.
4			britain	technology			astrazeneca feeds cat the uk drug maker astrazeneca today agreed to take a 20 stake in cambridge antibody technology cat , one of britain 's leading biotechnology companies.
2			soldier	sport			scandals have thrown sports for a loss the third soldier of this apocalypse, the third leg on this perfect and perfectly unholy triangle of sports scandals. if sports truly offers
4			software	technology			alcatel ups u.s. business with acquisitions alcatel has expanded its foothold in the key north american market with the acquisition of a mobile software provider and a conference technology business for $ 277 million.
4			user	tool	upgrade	software	flaw	version			winzip offers fix for security flaw but users of the popular compression tool will need to upgrade to version 9 of the software.
2			winner	game			no winfall jackpot winner; prize now at $ 2.9 million no tickets matched all six numbers in the latest winfall drawing, raising the jackpot for saturday 's game to $ 2.9 million. saturday 's $ 2.
2			club			dance, music to liven german building where communist east german legislators once ruled, modern dance and club music are taking over.
4			technology	longhorn	feature	storage			cut from longhorn, winfs is in peril the windows future storage winfs technology that got cut out of windows longhorn is in serious trouble, and not just the hot water a feature might encounter for missing its intended production vehicle.
2			league	baseball	team			expos' former limited partners seek block lawyers for the former limited partners of the montreal expos plan to ask a federal judge to block major league baseball from moving the team.
4			project			lycos europe anti project disturbs spammers lycos europe took a bold step by starting the make love not spam project. they can publicly backfiere some of the biggest spammers of the world.
3			profit	earnings			mercedes dulls daimlerchrysler's profit an earnings stumble at daimlerchrysler's mercedes flagship tarnished higher profits at the world's fifth biggest automaker on thursday and stoked questions about the loss making smart compact's future.
4			user			tivo users to still see many ads tivo inc. , maker of digital television video recorders, will next year add ways for viewers to see advertising and corporate logos even as they try to skip commercials, the company said on wednesday.
2			ryder	team	rookie	cup	sport			casey defends decision to fire caddie european ryder cup rookie paul casey has defended his decision to sack his caddie five days before the start of the biggest team event in the sport.
2			game			sony sees psp asia launch in spring sony plans to launch its new playstation portable game console in asia at the same time the product goes live in north america and europe toward the end of next year 's first quarter, the company said on friday.
2			cricket	high	award	sport			espn star sports moves mumbai hc espn star sports on monday announced that it has challenged the bcci 's decision to award conditional allotment of telecast rights for all cricket to be played in india to zee network in the mumbai high court.
4			upgrade			dwp kills 60k pcs in windows xp upgrade lash up updated down for four days and counting...
2			team	race	season			motorsport: f1 qualifying to take place on race day formula one qualifying will take place on the same day as the race next season, after team bosses approved proposals put forward by the governing international automobile federation fia .
3			chain	top			blockbuster offers to buy hollywood chain blockbuster inc. bbi.n , the largest u.s. video rental chain, on thursday said it has contacted hollywood entertainment corp. hlyw.o about acquiring its top rival for $ 700 million. p
3			export	value	development			china 's gross value of import and export reaches us $ 623.1 bln during the first seven months this years china has further opened to the outside world, says ma kai, director of the state development planning commission.
4			system	management	content			content management systems and seo a powerful mix content management systems and seo a powerful mix search engine optimization revolves around providing useful, unique content on your website and making sure that search engines can find and understand it easily. 'organic seo' as it is called, puts emphasis on optimizing hundreds of keyword rich content pages as 'spider bait' ...
4			president	technology			bill clinton helps launch search engine former president bill clinton on monday helped launch a new internet search company backed by the chinese government which says its technology uses artificial intelligence to produce better results than google inc.
2			injury	minnesota	receiver	game	sport			moss doubtful for sunday's game vs. jaguars eden prairie, minn. sports network minnesota vikings wide receiver randy moss is listed as doubtful for sunday's game against the jacksonville jaguars with a right hamstring injury.
4			use	technology			disabled are pleased with e voting this november, eileen rivera ley, 41, will vote by herself for the first time. blind voters in maryland and several other states will use electronic voting machines equipped with technology that allows the disabled to vote independently.
1			tension			japan on alert after intrusion by suspected chinese nuclear sub tension between japan and china grew yesterday when an unidentified nuclear submarine sailed into japanese waters. the submarine, which had been tracked since monday and whose nationality remains unknown, was
4			development			a lesson in linguistics from the mouths of babes what slips of the tongue say about a child's development.
4			system	fan	cell	content			porn is going mobile pornography may be the thing that turns cell phones into cheap, fast content delivery systems. but porn fans want more from their mobile adult content and size ain't the only thing that matters. commentary by gina lynn.
4			server			intel developing optical connect for laptops, servers optical links will be cheaper, quieter, and smaller than copper ribbons, company says.
4			desktop	tool			yahoo! follows google 's lead following quickly on google 's heels, yahoo! recently announced they too would be releasing a desktop search tool. whether this is the smart move or not remains to be seen.
2			team	coach	president	holding			confirmed: davis out as head coach it has now been confirmed by the browns that butch davis has resigned as head coach of the team. the browns will be holding a press conference with team president john collins at 2pm today.
4			developer			napster 's mobile market plans the company has formed an agreement with mobile developer and publisher dwango wireless to launch the service napster mobile across the us and canada in 2005.
2			coach	game	team	chicago			jauron treating return to chicago as he would any other game dick jauron is going back to chicago and if there is any bitterness in his heart, he 's not showing it. jauron was fired as head coach by the bears last year after the team finished
1			leader			chissano suggests paying voters mozambique's outgoing leader joaquim chissano says more people would vote if they were paid.
3			sale			ex serono executive charged in bribery case federal prosecutors yesterday alleged that a former sales director for serono inc. offered doctors bribes in return for prescribing its aids treatment as part of a marketing program at the swiss drug company, whose main us offices are in rockland.
1			plot	talk			japan land deal aimed at 7e7 wing plant mitsubishi heavy industries said today it 's in talks to buy a plot of land in central japan 's nagoya city from mitsubishi motors for building aircraft parts.
1			election	talk	victory	use	opposition			ukraine opposition pulls out of talks ukraine's opposition on tuesday pulled out of talks to try to end a confrontation over last week's disputed presidential election and vowed to use people power to secure victory.
1			presidency	election			ukrainian court orders new vote for presidency ukraine's supreme court overturned the results of the country's disputed election and ordered a new runoff by dec. 26.
4			system			borgwarner makes $ 759 million takeover offer for beru borgwarner inc., the biggest us maker of automatic transmission parts for cars, said it plans to take over beru ag, valuing the german maker of diesel engine starting systems at $ 795 million.
4			system			update 5 pacificare to buy american medical for $ 502 mln pacificare health systems inc. phs.n: quote, profile, research said on wednesday it agreed to buy american medical security group inc.
4			general	standard	top	technology			top us automakers to offer anti rollover technology general motors corp and the ford motor co will offer anti rollover technology as standard equipment on 1.8 million of their suvs next year, in a sweeping adoption of the safety technology.
4			system	engineer			big leaks in big dig tunnels irk bigwigs the big dig is riddled with leaks that are dumping millions of gallons of water into the $ 14.6 billion tunnel system, according to an engineer hired to investigate the cause of a massive leak in september.
4			platform	microsoft	microsystems			sun, microsoft cite progress, not perfection microsoft and sun microsystems say they are warming up to each other, but it will take more time to deliver on the grand promises of platform interoperability announced last spring.
2			team			blazers fine randolph for missing team flight the portland trail blazers fined forward zach randolph for missing the team flight to toronto, where they will meet the raptors sunday afternoon.
3			finance			wells to allow online transfers to other account holders in the latest sign that americans are taking more of their finances online, wells fargo on monday will start allowing its customers to transfer up to 1,500 a day to another wells fargo account holder at no charge.
1			election			nevada's seamless e vote the success of last week's primary election using touch screen voting machines heartens officials in other states, where e voting has been problematic. still, the silver state may be in a unique situation.
2			team	exhibition			veteran tight ends get pink slip if shannon sharpe, who was at the broncos exhibition finale on thursday and spotted at team headquarters this weekend, wanted to he could roll off the
2			game			fastest man in world has great company they are the most important 10 seconds, or thereabouts, the olympic games have to offer.
4			user			internet users have false sense of security, study finds the orange numbers glow bright enough to be seen from across the street of north american computer. the number 68,248.
3			enterprise			hp unveils cheaper, faster, smaller mono printers hewlett packard has introduced a new range of smaller, quicker and cheaper mono printers targeted at the home, sme and enterprise markets.
2			quarterback	player	game			spotlight shines on quarterbacks they couldn't be more different. one is the prototype quarterback, seemingly built using the create a player function from a video game, standing tall in the pocket and firing laser beams across the field.
4			system			lg unveils big, pricey plasma tv 71 inch hdtv comes with a home stereo system and components painted in 24 karat gold.
2			team			galaxies rent asunder in huge cosmic collision an international team of astronomers has observed the perfect cosmic storm: the most powerful collision of two galactic clusters ever recorded.
3			stock			we can 't place much stock in bonds credibility barry bonds, the fastidious health and fitness expert, would have us believe he accepted a tube of mystery goo from his personal trainer, followed the instructions, massaged the potion into his skin and didn 't know he was using illegal steroids.
2			stadium	baseball			businesses receptive many of the d.c. businesses that would be taxed to help pay for a new baseball stadium said thursday that they support the preliminary details of the proposal.
3			shareholder			update 4: parmalat owes almost $ 26b to creditors italian dairy giant parmalat spa owes nearly $ 26 billion to creditors including many big international banks, a judge ruled friday in a decision that will affect who will become a shareholder in the reorganized company.
2			play	player	game	president			nintendo president plays down sony handset the president of japanese game maker nintendo co. shrugged off the threat from rival sony 's entry into the handheld video game business thursday, saying his company is targeting a different market of novice players.
4			design			sony embraces mp3 format the mp3 design modification is a major move for sony, which has been criticized for a product that only allows its own format to be played.
4			system	energy	scientist			now showing: the galactic storm scientists released images yesterday of a collision of two galaxy clusters as they crash into each other like immense storm systems, a process that releases more energy than anything but the big bang itself.
4			processor	gain	suite			arm gains flashy new media processing instructions arm has developed a suite of media and signal processing instructions that will appear in future arm processors targeting mobile consumer devices.
4			user	microsoft	system	software	project	version			microsoft offers olive branch to xp counterfeit users microsoft corp. is offering an olive branch to users of pirated versions of the windows xp operating system. the software giant on wednesday unveiled the windows xp counterfeit project in the uk, offering
4			speed			state 's economy surges in october massachusetts recovery picked up speed in october as an improving job market and strong consumer spending propelled the state 's economy to one of its best performances
3			expense	share			nortel has third quarter loss of 6 cents on costs nortel networks corp., which is restating results back to 1999, said it had a third quarter loss of 6 cents a share because of expenses related to job cuts and a wireless contract in india.
4			patch	software	researcher	database			oracle delivers delayed patches the fixes come about eight months after a security researcher told the database software maker of the problems.
3			investor	trader			berkshire hathaway it's not a sin to be a trader in whole or part; it's just much easier to be an investor.
4			user	patent	technology			heat turned up on streaming video patents after a recent legal setback, a california company that claims its patents cover the streaming video technology used by adult web sites is boosting efforts to collect money from a very different group of streaming video users: colleges and universities. newport beach, calif. based acacia media technologies corp...
4			piracy	software	microsoft	technology			eu suspends review of microsoft deal the european union suspended its antitrust review of microsoft corp.'s deal with time warner inc. to develop anti piracy software now that technology company thomson sa has joined the proposed venture, officials said wednesday.
2			play	match	championship			world 's best still no match for champ els ernie els won the world match play championship for a record sixth time on his 35th birthday yesterday, beating lee westwood 2 and 1. that gave els the $ 1.
1			play	politics	country	win			austrian novelist jelinek wins nobel prize austrian writer elfriede jelinek, a reclusive author whose feminism, leftist politics and pacifism are common themes in her works, won the nobel prize in literature thursday for what the swedish academy called her musical flow of voices and counter voices in novels and plays. her most famous novel, the piano teacher in 1983, was adapted into a 2001 film by director michael haneke, although her other works are well known in german speaking countries and she is widely translated in french. jelinek, 57, told the associated press in vienna she would not attend the dec...
3			retailer	earnings			update 2: ahold, three former execs settle charges global grocery retailer ahold nv has agreed to a settlement of civil fraud charges over an alleged $ 1 billion overstatement of earnings in a deal with us regulators that does not fine the company.
3			discount	chain	sale			chain store sales slow in latest week chain store retail sales slowed in the latest week, with discount stores seeing sales soften a bit, a report said on tuesday.
3			earnings			dupont banks shiny quarters dupont has its third consecutive quarter of higher revenue and earnings.
4			technology	code			hp joins radio id competition hewlett packard has jumped on the rfid bandwagon, embracing the wireless tracking technology aimed at replacing the decades old product bar code.
2			jay	coach	team			canada fires coach of national hoops team jay triano was fired as coach of the canadian national team tuesday, a move triano said was due to his inability to give enough time to the job.
2			play	bowl	sport			jackets bowling in orlando georgia tech will play in the champs sports bowl in orlando, two people familiar with the situation told the journal constitution monday.
4			cell	text	feature			cramming features into phones the cell phone industry is banking on cell phone that seem more like personal assistants dialing numbers, zapping text messages from fancy keyboards, taking pictures and serving as digital rolodexes.
4			january	talk	technology			online search universe is expanding to get an idea of how hot web search is, go talk to raul valdes perez, a carnegie mellon university professor who is leading a search technology start up called vivisimo inc. he'll tell you that more than 50 venture capitalists have come knocking on his door since january, all seeking a chance to invest in vivisimo, which recently launched a web search service under the dopey name of clusty.
1			leadership	race	debate			disney chief to leave, setting off race for job michael eisner announced an exit on his own terms, shifting the spotlight from the debate over his leadership to speculation over his successor.
3			stock			stock crash calamity unlikely today seventy five years after the 1929 collapse, experts say market tumbles will still occur but a mature us economy is more equipped to handle them.
2			race			upper midwest crucial to kerry's hopes in 2000, political pundits summed up the race in three words: florida, florida, florida...
4			user	download	software	feature	developer			clusty launches mozilla firefox clustering search toolbar clusty launches mozilla firefox clustering search toolbar vivisimo, the developer of clustering, search and meta search software for organizing search results, today announced the industry's first clustering toolbar for mozilla firefox. the quick, free and easy download is available today at clusty and offers firefox users a number of industry first features and ...
1			leader	leadership	crisis			eu authorities, facing a crisis in leadership, sign 1st charter european union leaders on friday signed the eu 's first constitution, an ambitious charter that aims to raise the union 's profile on the world stage.
2			ball	football			renegades waiting on owner the shotgun formation is one used quite often on the football field, an alignment that is effective for passing the ball and generating offence.
2			play			day one: eng take the edge with the first day of the opening battle between south africa done and dusted, we look at some crucial moments of the first day 's play in port elizabeth.
3			player	dealer	sale	investment			gmp securities pulls out of stelco effort to restructure and ... a bay street investment dealer has dropped out of the battle to refinance stelco inc., saying it can 't compete in a sales process that favours the hamilton steelmaker being taken over by an industry player.
3			share	enterprise	software	developer			progress software avoids crash and burn progress software nasdaq: prgs news is making, well, lots of progress in the tough enterprise software market. after all, another enterprise developer, lawson nasdaq: lwsn news , saw its shares plunge 12 on its warning for its fiscal first quarter results.
2			coach	football			lsu going miles to fill coaching vacancy lsu has named les miles its new head football coach, replacing nick saban.
2			title	championship	race	win	cup			jimmie johnson back in nextel title race the age old nascar ethic of hard work and patience has helped jimmie johnson win three straight races and put him back in the nextel cup championship picture.
4			user			dell recalls 4.4 million notebook ac adapters dell on friday voluntarily recalled 4.4 million ac adapters for its notebooks after receiving seven reports of the adapters overheating, posing a risk of fire or electrical shock for users.
2			football	play	season	dame	player	coach	bowl			irish players support ty, rip firing despite voting to play in the insight bowl, the notre dame football players didn 't mask their shock and outrage over the sudden firing of coach tyrone willingham after only three seasons.
1			war			boeing battle is mandelson 's first test peter mandelson, the incoming eu trade commissioner, yesterday found himself at the centre of a transatlantic trade war over multi billion dollar subsidies to airbus and boeing, the civil aircraft manufacturers.
2			sport			cst signs deals college sports television announced distribution deals with cable operators cox and charter communications on monday.
2			player	good			review: the 70 portable video player most american kids get enough television, but just in case yours don't here's a good way to keep them pacified while away from the real thing: a new portable video player from mattel.
4			cell			samsung shows cell phone with hard disk drive samsung electronics co. ltd. plans to begin selling later this month a cellular telephone that includes a hard disk drive. the handset was unveiled
2			game			ponting doesn 't think much of kiwis or winning myth ricky ponting believes the game 's watchers have fallen for the myth that new zealand know how to rattle australia.
1			minister	presidency	prime	crisis	opposition			ukraine's isolated pm repeats offer to opposition prime minister viktor yanukovich, looking increasingly isolated in ukraine's deepening political crisis, offered again on tuesday to make his opposition rival premier if allowed to take up the presidency.
1			president			who are ch 225;vez's opponents? on sunday, venezuelans will decide whether to cut short the president's term, which is due to end in 2006.
2			lawsuit	dealer	team	sport			ecclestone 's formula one hold menaced by lawsuits, tobacco ban bernie ecclestone, the 73 year old former used car dealer who became a billionaire by managing formula one motor racing, faces a revolt by business partners and team owners that may end his grip on the sport after 23 years.
1			leader	kerry	election	finance	war			washington in brief leaders of three campaign finance groups urged the federal election commission yesterday to disqualify the agency 's chairman, bradley a. smith, from helping to decide whether a veterans group critical of democratic presidential nominee john f. kerry 's war
3			management	share			australia 's telstra announces details of a $ 750 million share ... sydney: australia 's dominant telecommunications firm, telstra, has unveiled details of a 750 million dollar 532 million us off market share buy back as part of a three year, 4.5 billion dollar capital management program.
4			tool	version			firefox, google and web search mozilla firefox has google, yahoo and other search tools baked in, but they are just the tip of the iceberg when it comes to search capabilities available with this innovative new web browser that launched its first official version today.
2			game	holding			big week for cities vying for 2012 games five cities vying to stage the 2012 summer games reveal their hands this week as olympic chiefs scrutinize their plans for holding the world 's greatest sporting extravaganza.
3			sale			internet ad firm doubleclick mulls sale internet marketer doubleclick inc., which is suffering from pricing pressures from online advertisers, said it had hired lazard freres co.
4			integration			grand central spiffs up integration service company beefs up online service for shipping business information between firms over the net.
4			user	code			home computer users highly vulnerable home computer users who think that they are well protected from malevolent acts should think again. the vast majority of home computers operate at risk of intrusion by invasive code, according to the results of a study conducted by america online and the national cyber security alliance.
4			mainframe	suite	system	software	application			ford kills 'everest' procurement software system ford motor co. has decided to stop work on a major procurement software system built around oracle's 11i e business suite of apps and plans to move back toward its original custom written, mainframe based applications.
1			fighting			lycos europe halts anti spam counterattacks new york just four days after it began, a spam fighting campaign by web portal lycos europe has been ended on the grounds the cure might be worse than the disease.
4			system	microsystems	version			sun microsystems rolls out much awaited solaris 10 sun microsystems inc. sunw.o: quote, profile, research on sunday introduced the long awaited next version of its operating system, solaris 10, which the network
4			desktop	linux	software	developer	source			open source developers focus on accessibility kde's developers unveil plans to make things easier for people with disabilities through their linux desktop software.
3			value			mci says its asset values to be written down $ 3.5 billion mci inc. plans to write down the value of its assets by $ 3.5 billion to reflect the decreased worth of the company 's telephone network as its consumer business shrinks.
4			platform	worm	server	attack			new worm attacks msn messenger as service falters another candidate in the growing list of exploits on instant messaging clients and servers arrived in the wild. called w32.funner, the worm on monday circulated to attack on the windows messenger platform.
4			user			verizon: wait for dial tone, punch in number, rock out verizon wireless service lets users treat people who call them to music rather than the sound of a ringing phone.
4			development			spawn of x prize on horizon so burt rutan 's spaceshipone has grabbed the $ 10 million ansari x prize. what 's next for peter diamandis and the organization he started in the mid 90s to promote development of private spaceships?
4			piracy	movie	technology			tech firms announce video anti piracy technology global leading technology firms nds, stmicroelectronics and thomson say they will develop new encryption technology to foil video piracy, a 3.5 billion us dollars problem for broadcasters and movie studios.
3			chain			albertson's labors over results the leading supermarket chain is still feeling the impact of its labor dispute.
4			feature			ctia features new wireless devices, initiatives attendees at the ctia wireless it and entertainment 2004 event were told today that they should feel optimistic about the future of the mobile and wireless industry.
1			leader	politician	party	high	opposition	morgan			zimbabwe opposition leader acquitted of treason charges the leader of zimbabwe 's largest opposition party was acquitted of treason charges friday by a high court in harare. the judge said their was not enough credible evidence to convict the politician, morgan tsvangirai.
3			share			nextel communications purchases 5.6 million nextel partners shares kirkland, wash. business wire sept. 27, 2004 nextel communications, inc. today announced that it has entered into an agreement with motorola, inc.
4			use	technology			iran says it won 't halt nuclear technology drive iran on sunday rejected european demands it halt its pursuit of nuclear technology but reiterated its readiness to provide assurances it would not use that technology to build atomic weapons.
2			coach			del neri replaces voeller as roma hired luigi del neri as coach on wednesday to replace rudi voeller, who resigned last sunday. the 54 year old italian coach and roma officials agreed on a two year contract, but terms were not immediately disclosed.
1			talk			vw and union resume wage talks senior negotiators from volkswagen and its main union have met to seek a deal on cost cutting that could head off the first full blown strike at the carmaker 's western german factories.
4			virus	server	technology	switch			hp kit to get virus throttler next year hewlett packard is planning to build virus throttler technology into proliant servers and procurve switches starting in early 2005.
4			reform	technology			reform to rules for putnam rep. adam putnam r fla. , who led much of congress oversight of federal information technology during the past two years, has left the house government reform committee and joined the rules committee.
4			generation			lg philips lcd starts mass production of 6th generation tft lcd ... lg philips lcd co ltd, one of the world 's leading manufacturers of thin film transistor liquid crystal displays tft lcd , said its new sixth generation tft lcd fabrication plant has started mass production of wide screens.
3			management	gain			vw management's pay freeze offer spurned volkswagen management has offered to freeze its own pay for two years in a bid to gain workers' support for an austerity drive, but union mediators dismissed the move as a distraction tactic.
2			game			weaned on video games video gamers are getting younger and younger. and parents and the video game industry agree that the implications are likely to be enormous.
2			championship	football	team	berth	game	bowl			rapper practices with usc football team usc 's football team may be in the hunt for one of the two coveted spots in the national championship game, but that doesn 't mean the trojans aren 't trying to enjoy the ride to a possible orange bowl berth.
2			nba	league	player	fan	sport			stern rules out drastic remedies for nba david stern would not want to be in charge of a league that needs barriers to separate fans from players. the nba commissioner is searching for more practical remedies to keep things civil in a sport where the intimate setting the highest paying customers sit so close to the action they can smell the players' sweat is part of its appeal.
2			tournament	championship	team	server	player	stadium			u.s. open puts serve in server sure, the players get all the attention at the u.s. open championship. but hidden in the depths of the tournament stadium, a team of techies and their servers keep the whole event running. michael myser reports from new york.
4			technology			ex wall street banker sentenced in federal obstruction case rank p. quattrone, the wall street banker whose pay and deals made him a vivid symbol of the 1990 's technology boom, was sentenced to 18 months in prison yesterday for obstructing a government
4			suite	enterprise			pipeline process perfecter 7,perfect product suitet 5.0,ultimus suite v 7,e dms workflow,hp openview smart plug in for oracle enterprise manager 10g
2			team	win			falcons dunn is ok, team reports falcons running back warrick dunn, who did not return to sunday 's win over the panthers after suffering a cramp in his hamstring in the third quarter, does not appear to be seriously injured.
3			value			philips to reduce value of stake in medquist philips electronics said on wednesday that it would take a $ 752 million charge in the fourth quarter to reduce the value of its stake in medquist, a medical transcription company.
2			champion	game	team	bowl			abcs of the bcs six conference champions and two at large teams will make up the participants in the four bcs bowl games, guaranteeing their schools huge paydays.
2			player	coach	playoff			jets try to keep faith and control their fate coach herman edwards is concerned about what his players' dismal showing against one of the n.f.l.'s elite portends for the jets' hopes of making the playoffs.
4			software	microsoft			msn music: it 's really about windows microsoft is expected to enter the online song store market this week, which should put the software giant head to head with apple computer in the music business at last.
4			earnings	profit	microsoft	technology			three kings bearing profits there was a trifecta in tech earnings yesterday, with google, microsoft and all posting quarterly profits, a positive sign overall for the technology sector's recovery.
2			leader	championship	team	race	win			bourdais happy with podium. after an eventful lexmark indy 300 at surfers paradise, championship leader sebastien bourdais proclaimed himself happy with the runners up spot after newman haas team mate bruno junqueira claimed the race win.
2			champion	final	match	trophy			windies looking to bury the past west indies will be looking to put bad memories of recent matches to bed today when they tackle south africa for a place in the icc champions trophy semi finals.
1			party	election	coalition	opposition			labor party leads in early results of lithuania 's elections the central electoral committee of lithuania said sunday early results showed that opposition labor party held a wide lead over the center left coalition government in the parliamentary elections.
2			game	football			tech gobbles up virginia for the first time in the 86 game history of the virginia virginia tech football rivalry, chants of acc, acc echoed in the hokies cheering section saturday.
2			coach	game	jim			tressel, ferentz discuss upcoming matchup as usual, the big ten coaches were out in full force at today 's big ten teleconference. both osu head coach jim tressel and iowa head coach kirk ferentz offered some thoughts on the upcoming game between osu
1			terror	leadership	election	general	fighting	president			indonesians begin voting in landmark election indonesians began voting on monday in a landmark election expected to remove president megawati sukarnoputri and install an ex general who has vowed firmer leadership in fighting terror and boosting the economy.
4			scientist	switch			nanotechnology material may supercharge internet scientists have manipulated carbon atoms to create a material that could be used to create light based, versus electronic, switches. the material could lead to a supercharged internet based entirely on light, scientists say.
4			code			fcc delves into radio tag challenges industry experts join government panel to look at what's keeping the old fashioned bar code around.
4			system	single	networking	core	version			cisco decries wild west of ip networking cisco systems has announced an eight slot single shelf version of its crs 1 carrier routing system, which is designed to let service providers offer services like edge, core and peering for
4			software			update 1: computer associates to acquire netegrity computer associates international inc. will acquire netegrity inc. in a $ 430 million cash deal that will merge the computer security software makers, the companies said wednesday.
4			alternative			fda approves raynham firm 's artificial disc patients with degenerative disc disease in their spines may have an alternative to getting their vertebrae fused, which alleviates pain but limits motion.
2			sport	earnhardt			growing up with little e dale earnhardt jr. begins his last week at age 29 today, and little e is laying plans for the future. the most immediate include a strategy for today 's ea sports 500 at talladega superspeedway
4			development	version			mozilla firefox 1.0 preview release after a year in development mozilla firefox has finally reached version 1.0, and this preview release has recently been made available.
1			politics			the politics of time and dispossession make a commitment to subscribe, donate and or place all of your book and other product orders from and others through mmn shopping web site by clicking here.
3			growth			report: eu 's growth strategy off target the european union 's ambition to become the world 's most dynamic economy by 2010 is becoming a tale of missed objectives and failed promises, said a report released wednesday.
4			user			yahoo follows google with mobile search service yahoo inc. has followed google into the mobile search arena, launching a service that allows wireless users to query its search engine over their handsets.
4			generation			nokia delivers 3g network expansion to mtc in bahrain nokia, the world's largest mobile phone maker, said it would provide telecom network equipment to mtc in bahrain with the aim of rolling out third generation 3g mobile services across the gulf state by the end of 2004.
2			play	cup	team	win			world cup notebook: redden skates but probably won 't play saturday team canada defenceman wade redden had his first full practice friday since injuring his left shoulder in last wednesday 's 5 1 win over slovakia.
2			career			foot ailment forces macculloch to retire todd macculloch always knew his career would end. he just never expected it to come to such a sudden and mysterious stop.
1			democrat			locke may stay longer as wash. governor lame duck gov. gary locke may not be limping off into the sunset. if the slugfest between republican dino rossi and democrat christine gregoire doesn't produce a new governor by the scheduled jan. 12 inauguration, locke may have to stick around.
1			leader			adult site sues google for infringment a web site that sells photos of naked women is suing google inc., alleging that the online search engine leader is destroying its business by distributing links and passwords that provide free glimpses of the nude models.
4			desktop	tool	system	mac	version			google plans desktop search tool for apple pcs google inc. goog.o: quote, profile, research plans to release a version of its desktop search tool for computers running on the mac operating system from apple computer inc.
1			talk			sprint, nextel in merger talks: reports us mobile telephone groups sprint and nextel are engaged in merger talks which could create the third biggest us mobile operator worth some 30 billion dollars, according to reports.
2			player			potential sprint, nextel merger suggests consolidating wireless industry sprint and nextel were reported to be in merger discussions for a blockbuster deal that would reduce the number of major players in the us wireless industry to four.
2			boston	sport			they like it here we knew they would when you re from boston, you get used to knowing everything about everything, especially sports. it 's as simple as that. when the hometown is
4			engineer	technology			google is growing an update on google google is growing an update on google there is a lot going on at the googleplex these days. for three different reasons, each of which is important to search marketing, google has been in the seo spotlight this week. for the technology wonks, google engineers are said to be developing ...
2			point	team	play	offensive	good	coach	game			nets get licked with ugly shtick games like these are why coaches don 't carry firearms. you play good defense, hold an offensive, blistering team under 80 points.
4			user			peoplesoft 's conway maintains defiant tone with 15,000 attendees at peoplesoft 's connect user conference waiting to hear how the company would address oracle 's lingering hostile takeover bid, peoplesoft chief executive craig conway tackled the issue early in his opening keynote.
2			champion	wood	tiger	management	sport			mccormack 's sports empire sold for 390m img, the sports and celebrity management group that lists wimbledon champion maria sharapova and golfer tiger woods among its clients, was yesterday sold for $ 700m 390m .
1			war			airbus battle lands at wto us trade authorities, prodded by the boeing co., reignited a long dormant trade war wednesday by filing a complaint before the world trade organization accusing the european union of buoying aircraft maker airbus with $ 15 billion in illegal
1			parliament	cabinet	president	minister			lebanese minister resigns to protest presidential term extension a lebanese cabinet minister has resigned to protest parliament 's controversial decision to extend the term of syrian backed president emile lahoud.
2			baseball	game			hustle neglects passion for game first, we had pete rose betting on baseball. then we had pete rose betting on baseball, the report. then we had 14 years of pete rose denying that he bet on baseball.
4			technology	tokyo			toshiba leads industry in bringing perpendicular data recording to ... tokyo business wire dec. 13, 2004 perpendicular recording technology achieves 1.8 inch drive that holds the industry largest 80 gigabytes of information.
2			game			romancing the phone for men seeking true romance there is now a new mating game with an unusual twist it is virtual and mobile. a fantasy world in which lovesick men can wine and dine a virtual girlfriend
2			team	play	talk	redskin	career			smoot happy with progress of contract talks cornerback fred smoot said today that he is enthused by the progress of negotiations with the washington redskins on a contract extension and hopes to play his entire career with the team.
1			election	president			kuchma warns over ukraine chaos ukraine's outgoing president warns against disorder ahead of a close election to choose his successor.
3			earnings			ford raises earnings and unveils new plan for jaguar the company raised its third quarter earnings guidance today and unveiled a restructuring plan for its jaguar division.
4			system	prisoner	technology			cisco brings it skills to uk prisoners cisco systems is working with the uk government on a pilot program to train prison inmates in information and communications technology ict skills.
4			share	sale	technology	generation			motorola sees 3g phone sales quadrupling motorola inc., the no. 2 mobile phone maker, said on wednesday it expects sales of phones based on the wcdma third generation technology to more than quadruple next year, helping it claw back market share.
2			sport			ecclestone trust engineered control of f 1 racing, court told a bernie ecclestone family trust has engineered control over formula one motor racing by unlawfully appointing directors to the sport 's operating companies, a lawyer for three banks told a london court.
4			server			dell joins blade server fray dell has belatedly joined its competitors in offering blade servers with the launch in paris on monday afternoon of the poweredge 1855.
2			coach			erickson to stay with 49ers after discussing a job opening with the university of mississippi, san francisco coach dennis erickson said wednesday he would stay with the 49ers.
4			feature			taiwan market: lge launches three mobile phones, including one ... lg electronics lge announced the availability of three mobile phone models, the t5100, l3100 and l1100, in taiwan on november 6. the t5100 features the companys first model equipped with a 1.3 megapixel camera.
3			high	sale			kiwi high flier faces fraud charges in us expatriate new zealander stephen richards, formerly global head of sales at computer associates in the us, has been indicted on charges of securities fraud conspiracy and obstruction of justice, along with former ca chief executive sanjay kumar.
4			user			80 million more pcs in india by 2010! the personal computer market in india will see a massive boom by 2010, according to a new report by forrester research. india, says the report, will add 80 million 8 crore new pc users by 2010.
4			linux	software	version			palm os goes linux mobile device os maker palmsource sets out to acquire software house china mobilesoft, hinting of a linux based version of palm os being in the works.
4			run	technology			technology challenges sprint nextel merger the proposed merger of sprint corp. and nextel communications inc. could face a rocky start as the companies work to run and eventually merge two wireless technologies without breaking the bank or losing customers.
4			technology			world 's largest hard drive released makers of pc bits and bobs seagate technology today announced that it has shipped what it reckons is the world 's largest pc hard drive.
4			user			at t wireless to offer music downloads at wireless is wading into the digital music market with a new service that enables its mobile phone users to browse and purchase song downloads over the phone and then retrieve them online on a computer.
2			coach	season			report: majerus to usc rick majerus will come out of retirement to coach southern california at the end of the season, according to a report.
2			play	title	championship	season			eight titles for sorenstam in 2004 annika sorenstam has captured her eighth title of the 2004 on sunday, beating cristie kerr in a play off for the season ending lpga adt championship with a bogey on the first play off hole.
4			system	reading	technology			wimax wings into the wild world of wireless tired of new wireless technologies? then stop reading. because here's a story about a new wireless system that could someday eclipse the wi fi service you've just begun to understand.
1			leader			radical change needed in indigenous affairs, says leader aboriginal leader and member of the national indigenous council warren mundine says it is time radical changes are made to the way indigenous affairs are handled.
4			design	ibm	standard	server			build your own blade server fw3 writes information week is reporting that ibm and intel are opening up the standards for the eserver bladecenter. the companies will make available the design specifications for ibm 's eserver bladecenter product.
1			minister	finance	party	presidency	president			chirac congratulates finance minister on winning ump presidency french president jacques chirac has congratulated nicolas sarkozy on his nomination as president of his ruling party, union for a popular movement ump .
2			cup	race			an all or nothing roll at richmond tonights all or nothing nascar nextel cup race at richmond offers an interesting mix of desperation, anticipation and appreciation.
4			system	card	identity			the future face of identity checking after signatures, fingerprints and iris recognition, 3 d face maps encoded onto id cards and passports are unveiled today. the ground breaking system of recording biometric information could be the key to our security.
4			title	technology			linear technology charts ceo transition integrated circuits maker linear technology corp., of milpitas, says bob swanson will give up the title of chief executive officer after 23 years, shifting to a new role as executive chairman.
2			manchester	united	team	sport			how malcolm glazer built his stake in man utd manchester united says it has received a bid approach, sparking speculation us sports tycoon malcolm glazer was preparing an offer for the team.
1			talk			revenue canada workers set to begin hitting picket lines wednesday cp more than 20,000 revenue canada employees were poised to begin rotating strikes wednesday after wage talks with the government collapsed.
2			team			raiders notes: wheatley says he ll miss 2 to 4 weeks raiders starting running back tyrone wheatley says he ll be out up to a month not that the team wants you to know.
4			system	application			cisco shaking router market cisco systems quote, chart will announce a new router family on tuesday that includes products for small and medium businesses. the integrated services router line delivers converged voice and data applications
1			parliament			eu may veto panel over gay 'sin' remark the european parliament on thursday threatened to veto the entire incoming european union executive commission unless italy's nominee for justice commissioner who earlier described homosexuality as a sin was dropped from the list.
4			movie	microsoft	technology			entertainment world wary of microsoft technology cinemanow inc., the internet based movie service, is a rarity in hollywood a company that eagerly embraces microsoft corp. msft technology and relies on it exclusively to transmit, protect and display the movies it rents to customers...
1			war			the browsers war: firefox vs internet expl as i write this article a war is going on on the battlefield of the browsers programs for surfing the internet such as internet explorer and mozilla firefox .
4			rate	hardware	enterprise			enterprises shift from hardware leasing to purchasing as interest rates continue to climb, an increasing number of enterprise it customers are shifting away from leasing to purchasing equipment such as laptops and pcs.
2			war	game			handheld battle begins japan 's nintendo has struck the first blow in what is set to be an all out war with sony for the lucrative handheld game console market, aggressively pricing its new dual
3			share			wall st. journal says companies are in discussions shares of wireless carriers nextel and sprint rose thursday after the wall street journal reported that the companies are discussing a merger.
3			management			rochester business journal constellation brands inc. has made a $ 970 million offer for robert mondavi corp. in a bid to bolster its wine portfolio. mondavi is in the midst of a management shakeup, and in a shift of corporate strategy
3			chain	sale			chain store sales slipped latest week u.s. chain store retail sales slipped during the thanksgiving holiday week, as consumers took advantage of discounted merchandise, a retail report said on tuesday.
4			user			voiceglo says consumers see the light phone service that's available wherever there's a net connection is approaching 2 million users.
3			design	good	profit	team			critical mass. for amd's chip designs? as the chipmaker plows profits into research, it's hoping for good things from a new design team in massachusetts.
4			user			google steals a page from amazon's book search users will see book excerpts alongside ordinary google web page search results.
4			technology			toshiba unveils new flat panel sed tv toshiba corp. on tuesday unveiled a flat panel tv that uses a new technology developed jointly by the japanese electronics maker and the japanese camera company canon.
4			trick	technology			caller id spoof masks real callers new technology can trick us caller id services into displaying someone else 's name and telephone number, the washington post reported saturday.
4			user	pack	microsoft	tool	system	software	flaw			finjan: warning users or scaring up business? security tools maker finjan software warned on wednesday that it hadfound as many as 10 security flaws in the last update to microsoft 's flagship operating system, windows xp service pack 2. in a statement
2			game	sale			nintendo sells 500,000 ds handhelds in first week nintendo co. ltd. sold 500,000 nintendo ds video game devices during the first week of sales in u.s. stores for the new handheld featuring two screens for game playing, the japanese game maker said on wednesday.
4			attack	microsoft	system	software	access			word mangled by unpatched security hole a highly critical and unpatched security hole in microsoft corp.'s ubiquitous word software could be used to launch a denial of service attack and give system access.
2			basketball	team	season			washington freezes out competition in alaska when this college basketball season began, it was difficult to really know what to make of the university of washington. lorenzo romar 's team did return five starters from last season.
4			use	standard	card			new video cameras replace tapes with tiny hard drives the jvc everio gz mc100 $ 1199.95 and gz mc200 $ 1299.95 will use 4gb microdrive cards, which are removable hard drives measuring 1.5 inches square, but will also support standard compactflash and secure digital media.
4			server			indymedia servers returned to rackspace web host industry review the web servers that were seized late last week from web hosting provider rackspace managed hosting rackspace.
3			stock	holding	share			google founders to sell 7.2m shares page, brin and schmidt hold one third of company 's stock, will still retain 81 of current holdings. san francisco reuters google inc.
4			alternative			alternatives to the induce act the importance of writes the induce act, which has been discussed many times previously, will likely be getting a lot more attention thanks to the recent grokster decision.
3			sale			spirits of prohibition vestiges of the failed social policy of the alcohol ban early in the past century still linger in state liquor laws, but the current us supreme court battle over direct interstate sales of wine has less to do with prohibition than protectionism.
3			percent	profit	sale	earnings			intel posts higher profit, sales computer chip maker intel corp. said yesterday that earnings for its third quarter were $ 1.9 billion up 15 percent from the same quarter a year ago but the company cautioned that computer
2			run	final	game	race			radcliffe to run in 10,000 final paula radcliffe will run in tonight 's 10,000 metres final at the olympic games in athens. the decision was announced at 11:30am in athens, barely 10 hours before the race which begins at 9:50pm 7:50pm irish time .
2			game	championship	football			acc game gets home jacksonville, fla., will be the home for the acc 's first two championship games in football in 2005 and 06, the atlantic coast conference announced thursday.
3			share			oracle extends peoplesoft offer deadline the company 's initial offer of $ 7.7bn or $ 21 per share, was due to expire at midnight tonight but peoplesoft will now have another two weeks, until 22 october, to make their decision.
3			profit	share			lenovo revenue grows, but problems persist china's largest pc maker sees surge in profits but loses market share to multinational companies.
4			technology	chicago	version			intermec unveils first multi protocol rfid printer intermec technologies on monday unveiled a prototype version of a multi protocol rfid printer in its pm 4i smart printer product line at the frontline solutions conference exposition in chicago. company officials said it is the first multi protocol printer in the market.
4			processor	pentium	run	speed	technology			intel bumps speed of fastest centrino com. intel on wednesday added a faster pentium m processor to its centrino chip set bundle for laptops. the pentium m 765 runs at 2.1ghz, packs 2mb of level 2 cache, and uses intel 's power saving technologies to extend battery life, said intel.
2			round	championship	champion	play	victory	match			els takes care of drummond at wentworth defending champion ernie els completed a 2 and 1 victory over briton scott drummond when the rain delayed world match play championship first round resumed at wentworth friday.
2			club			starcraft, elvstroem, paolini to meet in contentious ws cox plate the moonee valley racing clubs $ 2,231,779 ws cox plate aus g1 is set for its 82nd running on saturday at moonee valley racecourse, and has drawn on of the strongest fields in recent years.
2			player	coach			off to a fast start call it a fluke, or the upset of the week, or whatever you want. fresno state's players and coaches don't think of it that way.
4			microsoft	management	application	vendor			product lifecycles get the windows treatment windows shops that want to build a product lifecycle management strategy now have the assurance that microsoft will be more closely aligned with one of the plm industry 's largest manufacturing application vendors.
1			election			ready or not whether or not the machines are ready for the election or the electorate ready for the machines there is no turning back.
4			ipo	software	vendor			software vendor lindows postpones ipo software vendor lindows inc. formally postponed its initial public offering wednesday, citing adverse market conditions.
2			pass	speed	football	pas	team	win	raven	game	bowl			ravens reed keeps stealing games, passes one week after ed reed stole a pass to seal another win for the baltimore ravens, the pro bowl safety victimized yet another football team with his instincts and speed.
4			system	stock	technology			3com to acquire tippingpoint for $ 430 million 3com monday announced plans to acquire tippingpoint technologies, a maker of intrusion prevention systems, for approximately $ 430 million in stock.
1			election			mexican migrants launch relay to nyc mexican migrants launched a two month relay sunday from mexico's capital to new york, calling on lawmakers to grant them the right to cast absentee ballots in 2006 presidential elections and organizing undocumented workers along the way.
4			energy	researcher	technology	institute	cell			mit works to power computers with spinach eat your spinach, mom used to say. it will make your muscles grow, power your laptop and recharge your cell phone... ok. so nobody's mom said those last two things. but researchers at the massachusetts institute of technology say they have used spinach to harness a plant's ability to convert sunlight into energy for the first time, creating a device that may one day power laptops, mobile phones and more.
4			system	team			2 companies get contracts to protect jets teams led by bae systems and the northrop grumman corporation were chosen wednesday to build and test prototypes for antimissile systems to defend commercial planes against shoulder fired rockets.
4			generation			if you're overwhelmed, junk pros can step in before lisa taleghani can get organized, she has to get rid of the junk. three generations of it is crammed into the attic, basement, and back porch of her late grandmother's home in revere.
4			user	text	application	technology			cingular makes phone for vision impaired a new cellular application promises to help vision impaired people who can't read the screen of a mobile phone. it responds to spoken commands with voice recognition technology and reads back menu options, text messages, and other information to the user.
2			sport			poker's new suit maybe poker really is a sport. it's televised. it's awash in prize loot. and now there's even an ownership feud brewing between its biggest promoters.
4			user	software	feature			trend micro hopes to spread mobile antivirus the spam blocking feature of trend micro 's package may be more immediately useful, because bandwidth is money. software that can prevent unwanted messages from coming through will save users cash.
2			clothing	sport			knight stands down as nike boss philip knight is to resign as chief executive of sports footwear and clothing giant nike although he will remain as chairman.
3			share			shamrock sells wireless stake israel's bezeq buys back a 50 share in pelephone communications.
2			auburn	game	match			dawgs match up well with auburn this week 's schedule may not be loaded with marquee matchups, but there are plenty of games saturday with huge bcs implications.
1			regime			14 arrested for anti government rallies in jeddah and riyadh jeddah riyadh: security forces detained about 14 people on thursday in saudi arabias main cities of jeddah and riyadh, deploying in force to confront demonstrations called by a dissident islamist group against the strictly conservative regime.
2			championship			mickelson out of wgc event in ireland world number four phil mickelson withdrew on thursday from the wgc american express championship being held in kilkenny, ireland next week.
1			president			eisner testimony countered walt disney chairman george mitchell said he was asked to become company president before the job was offered to michael ovitz, disputing testimony by ceo michael eisner.
2			hockey	game	season			if hockey is out, best thing on ice may be a computer game a cable channel plans to resurrect each of the 1,230 regular season games listed on the league's defunct 2004 2005 schedule by setting them in motion on a video game console.
4			microsoft	system	linux	sender	software	technology	source	version			linux builder debian objects to microsoft sender id licence the worlds of open source and proprietary software have collided once more with the news that debian builder of a version of the gnu linux operating system announcing it cannot live with the terms of microsoft 's licence for its technology in the
4			software	management	development	developer	application			borland touts software delivery optimization at the borcon conference this week, borland software will reveal its software delivery optimization strategy, which leverages the companys alm application lifecycle management and developer products to ease software development and maintenance.
1			parliament	cabinet			with russia's nod, treaty on emissions clears last hurdle russia's cabinet endorsed the long delayed kyoto protocol on global warming and sent it to parliament.
3			investor	earnings	stock	fuel			investors eye brokerages 4q reports some of the wall street brokerages on tap to report earnings next month might see better than expected results as a rebound in the stock market is expected to fuel performance within their equities businesses.
4			identification	user	technology	frequency			users resist rfid hype despite speakers at the epcglobal us conference talking up the benefits of radio frequency identification, many us companies are still waiting to see a clear reason to adopt rfid technology.
2			game			the crew of halo 2 meet the special effects gods who created the most anticipated game of the year. by david kushner from wired magazine.
4			technology	microsoft	mail	source			ietf deals microsoft 's e mail proposal a setback a proposed technology for identifying the source of e mail messages suffered a blow last week when a group within the internet engineering task force ietf established to
4			united	technology	identity			technology and the 9 11 commission former government undersecretary william schneider jr. says the united states needs better identity authentication practices.
2			coach	cavalier	team	season			ready to get started cavaliers coach pete gillen believes his team is better than last season, but the improvement may not be enough to help virginia contend in the atlantic coast conference.
2			speed	game			advertisements inserted into video games roar down city streets in the upcoming need for speed underground 2 racing game and you'll see a best buy store amid the skyscrapers along with bright billboards hawking cingular wireless, old spice, and burger king.
2			strength	team			xaverian flashes show of strength a quick question: which team deserves the no. 1 ranking? acton boxboro? everett? xaverian? they all have legitimate claims to the throne.
4			grid	sharing	software	researcher	computing	project			fathers of grid computing form start up the researchers who spawned the idea of grid computing will launch a company monday to commercialize what so far has been a very academic software project for sharing computing resources.
4			grid	emc	computing	technology			dell, emc, intel and oracle line up on the grid it industry heavyweights dell, emc, intel and oracle today sealed an alliance to develop grid computing technology and establish best practice.
1			leader	minority	election	party	democrat			democrats have bad case of the blues after losing back to back presidential elections, democratic leaders are trying to figure out how to make the party more relevant to mainstream americans and keep it from slipping into perpetual minority party status. and the task is daunting, many democratic consultants and leaders agree.
1			minister	finance			euros cash declaration limit set travellers carrying more than 10,000 euros will have to declare the cash when entering or leaving the eu, finance ministers decide.
2			speed	score	good	high	sport			computer doubles as telephone if you re already paying for high speed internet service, why not make the most of your money? those cables aren 't just good for downloading sports scores, they can digitally transmit and receive phone calls, too.
4			copy	technology	protection			hollywood nails kaleidescape the mpaa 's dvd copy control association dvdcca , owner of the ineffective dvd copy protection technology, is after a firm called kaleidescape because, claim the studios, kaleidescape 's $ 27,000 jukebox illegally makes copies of dvds.
3			earnings			harley davidson roars to record earnings motorcycle maker harley davidson inc. reported record quarterly earnings on wednesday as more efficient operations and the weak dollar boosted its margins.
4			player	technology			yahoo to launch its own music player com september 17, 2004, 3:25 pm pt. there 's no doubt the internet will continue to make its mark in the world of business and technology.
2			sport			pinsent will retire ... and then return: redgrave matthew pinsent is to announce his retirement, according to sir steven redgrave, but is likely to follow in his footsteps by changing his mind and returning to the sport.
3			earnings			navistar sees higher 4th quarter earnings commercial truck maker navistar international corp. on monday said it expects higher fourth quarter earnings and revenue as the recovering u.s. economy spurs orders for its trucks and engines.
3			upgrade	management	enterprise			peoplesoft pushes upgrade sweeteners peoplesoft's now program, unveiled this week at connect 2004, will allow world, enterprise and enterpriseone customers a free technical upgrade, management services and training.
2			ncaa	team	club	season	exhibition			no more clubbing maryland opens its season against division ii bryant university, instead of a club team, after a new ncaa rule prohibiting those exhibitions.
2			game			photo 5 of 8: global gamers clash for cash $ 2.5 million in prize money is on the line as gamers from uzbekistan to ecuador compete in the world cyber games.
3			enterprise			huge and proud of it new enterprise associates is the biggest stand alone venture capital operation in the world, but industry insiders say the company's girth is a handicap.
3			profit	management	earnings	fall			nab turnaround to take time national australia bank, despite reporting a healthy operating profit for its wealth management business, has ended an otherwise tough year on a bad note after today reporting a significant fall in cash earnings for 2004.
2			team			unidentified submarine detected in japanese waters an unidentified submarine was detected moving in japanese waters near okinawa on wednesday, prompting japan 's defense agency chief yoshinori ono to dispatch a maritime self defense force team to step up security in the area.
1			leader	opposition			yushchenko thanks medics for care ukraine's opposition leader thanks doctors who treated him for suspected poisoning, as officials reopen the case.
1			corruption	party	prime	minister			mahathir frustrated with party corruption former prime minister mahathir mohamad said he was utterly frustrated that the malay party he helped develop into malaysia 's dominant political force had become riddled with corruption and bribery.
2			game	race			radcliffe ready to take bite out of big apple world record holder paula radcliffe will race back into the spotlight at the new york marathon when she returns to action for the first time since her stunning collapse at the athens olympic games.
4			election	play	experiment	technology	use			'a massive experiment' in voting on nov. 2, some 6 million washington area voters will use touch screen machines, a key test of a new technology that will play a major role in deciding what promises to be a very close presidential election.
4			system			patriotism drives copter competition designers say it flies faster, farther, and smoother. pilots say the latest collision avoidance systems in the all digital cockpit make it the safest in the air.
4			user	enterprise	system	vendor	standard	computing			tech standards set tone for on demand systems it vendors are championing highly integrated and flexible systems through offerings such as ibm's 'on demand computing' initiative and hp's 'adaptive enterprise' strategy. but what's really important, users say, is support for open standards.
4			software			intel improves centrino wireless security chip firm intel said it had released support for 802.11a, b and g in the same calexico wireless chipset. it said it has also built fresh software for its pro wireless 2915 abg connection, which includes a
4			war	standard	generation			sony woos the fox with the war on for the next generation dvd disk format, sony, matsushita electric industrial, sharp and other companies are considering developing 8cm 3 inch blu ray discs compared with the standard 12cm discs.
4			application	ibm	software	sale			ibm enhances support for isvs ibm is expanding its resources to help application software companies generate leads and close sales.
4			supply	technology	access			nokia breaks into home security market the nokia remote camera works by combining a digital camera, gsm transceiver and mms technology. all it needs is a regular main power supply and access to a gsm network, so it does not require
4			country	technology			work on designing chandrayan over: nair : technology india gt; thiruvananthapuram, kerala, sep 26 : work on designing country 's ambitious unmanned lunar mission chandrayan was over, isro chairman madhavan nair said here today.
4			software			update 1 oracle raises peoplesoft offer, sets deadline oracle corp. orcl.o: quote, profile, research on monday raised its hostile takeover offer for rival software company peoplesoft inc.
2			semifinal	game	team	win			n. quincy serves notice to warriors tied at one game apiece, the north quincy girls' volleyball team grinded out a win in yesterday's division 1 central semifinal, defeating host brookline, 3 1.
2			britain	country	sport			funding, interest up although paralympic sports have been integrated with the olympic movement in countries such as canada, germany and great britain for some time, paralympic athletes roles in the usa still are growing.
4			microsystems	system	software	developer	development			sun microsystems to give away new operating system hoping to attract more developers worldwide, sun microsystems is giving away its latest operating system, solaris 10, after spending years of development and investing roughly 500 million dollars into the software.
2			trophy	raven	championship	win			notebook: browns reach back for win over ravens as they left the tunnel, the cleveland browns paused to touch the 1964 championship trophy. they then played as if they want one for themselves.
2			party	game			game appeal for uruguay's voters a leftist party in uruguay is hoping an online game will help it attract young voters.
3			investment	fund	management			the investment column: chief goes but s f remains a buy john hodson, the chief executive of singer friedlander, yesterday announced his retirement from the banking and fund management group after 35 years with the company.
4			pack	microsoft	enterprise	developer	application			microsoft releases sp2 test guide microsoft nasdaq: msft has taken steps to help enterprise developers who want to test their applications against windows xp service pack 2 sp2 .
3			stock	share			yahoo sells $ 191 millions in google stock : yahoo inc. said today it sold $ 191 millions in google inc. stock in that company 's initial public offering, cashing out some of the 2.7 million shares google gave yahoo this month to settle two disputes.
2			player			dixons spells out the future dvd dixons is to phase out video cassette recorders in its namesake stores after revealing that dvd players are now outselling vcrs by a ratio of 40 to one.
4			system			videsh sanchar to buy tyco 's undersea cable system videsh sanchar nigam ltd., an indian long distance phone company owned by the $ 14 billion tata group, said it will buy tyco international ltd.
4			user	microsoft	technology			microsoft debuts own web search technology microsoft corp. finally debuted its own web search technology on thursday, hoping to challenge google inc.'s long dominance of the field with results tailored to a user's location and answers from its encarta encyclopedia.
4			speed	generation	networking	technology	high	texas	standard			group to propose new high speed wireless format a group of technology companies including texas instruments inc. , stmicroelectronics and broadcom corp. , on thursday said they will propose a new wireless networking standard up to 10 times the speed of the current generation.
3			high	profit			colgate palmolive announces 4,400 job cuts; plant shutdowns new york, december 7 new york based colgate palmolive announced its plans today to cut its total workforce by 12 and close one third of its factories in an attempt to reduce costs and focus on the high profit areas, such as
4			software			what's next for oracle? cnet answers your questions about the court case that set the software maker against the u.s. department of justice.
4			system	nation			mass. gets electronic gun fingerprinting with a quick electronic scan of a fingerprint, gun shop owners in massachusetts will know immediately if a customer is eligible to buy a weapon, using a system that officials say is the first of its kind in the nation.
1			leader	nation	country	election	president			namibia votes for new president the southern african nation of namibia voted on monday for a successor to the only leader the country has ever known, and election officials said the first of two days of voting started smoothly.
3			trader	sale	stock			stocks to open lower before jobs report u.s. stocks are seen opening lower as traders show caution in advance of friday's key jobs report, though big retail sales news thursday could push stocks early...
3			restaurant	share			rank group mulls break up shares in rank group have rallied after the leisure group said it might hive off its deluxe film and video businesses to focus on its gaming and restaurant operations.
4			software	version			macromedia software helps ebay sellers build stores macromedia is offering a new version of its contribute 3 software that will make it easier for ebay sellers to create custom ebay stores.
4			system			it alligator tales i grew up in new york, where giant alligators sometimes more ornately described as albino alligators were rumored to roam the citys sewer systems. according to legend, vacationers picked up the tiny crocodilians in florida, brought them home to new york, and eventually flushed the little buggers when they grew too big for the local concrete jungle.
2			game			violent, sexual video game tests child 's sense of reality hang on, i m going to pick up a prostitute, my boyfriend told me during a weekend trip to pennsylvania. steve pulled up to the curb as a girl in hot pants strutted past.
3			share			france moves to cut air france klm stake france was selling almost half its stake in air france klm on thursday as part of a wider deal which could see its remaining stake cut to below 20 and give staff shares in return for pay cuts.
4			system			pacificare to buy american medical pacificare health systems inc. , one of the biggest medicare plan providers, said on wednesday it has agreed to buy health care benefits provider american medical security group inc. for 502 million to expand its product offerings to individuals and small businesses.
4			system	pack	feature			windows xp sp2 has a dangerous hole windows xp service pack 2 promises to raise the security bar for the sometimes beleaguered operating system. unfortunately, one of the new features could be spoofed so that it reports misleading information
1			party	opposition	attack			bangladesh opposition calls for monday strike bangladesh's main opposition party called for a fourth strike day in a week on monday to protest against a deadly grenade attack on a political rally.
4			cell			motorola releases razr phone via cingular motorola inc. announced the u.s. release tuesday of its razr v3, the ultra thin cell phone that it has promoted heavily as the star of its portfolio of 20 new handsets.
4			design	core	feature	version			palmone rolls out new treo smartphone palmone has unveiled the latest version of its popular treo smartphone. the treo 650 features a number of modifications that make the device more useful, while not changing its basic design or core capabilities.
4			tool	software	microsoft			microsoft focuses on camera connections software giant announces new tools for plugging digital cameras into pcs.
4			cell	software			cell phones increasingly vulnerable to hackers early this month, several web sites began offering software promising ringtones and screensavers for certain cell phones. but those who downloaded the software
4			software	content			companies step up monitoring of internal networks companies that have spent billions on cyberdefenses to thwart intruders are now addressing an even bigger threat: employees. many are investing in software that monitors sensitive content inside corporate networks, say security analysts and venture capitalists.
3			sale			update 1: groups: holiday shoppers not in rush with less than two weeks until christmas, consumers don 't seem to be in a big rush to finish their holiday shopping, evidence from two groups that track sales confirmed on tuesday.
4			priority	hardware			proxim and symbol make nice com september 14, 2004, 9:12 am pt. with the economy slowly turning up, upgrading hardware has been on businesses radar in the past 12 months as their number two priority.
3			good			cedia 2004: picks and pans here's what was good looking, butt ugly, and just plain annoying at the recent consumer electronics and home theater show.
4			user			yahoo maps offer live us traffic conditions yahoo inc. yhoo.o: quote, profile, research is set to offer an online service that lets users view live us local traffic conditions on custom created maps, the first
4			user	microsystems	system	version			sun to introduce newest version of solaris today sun microsystems plans to unveil the latest version of its flagship solaris operating system and offer a free version of the program to make it more attractive to corporate and academic computer users.
1			talk			iran has nuclear talks in europe iranian and european officials meet in paris in a bid to finalise a compromise on iran's nuclear programme.
1			president			cia nominee goss vows to be bipartisan president bush's nominee to be cia director, rep. porter goss, told critics who say he's too partisan for the job that he understands the importance of independent, objective intelligence, despite his nearly 16 years as a republican partisan in congress...
2			assembly	sport			honda to build new suv in ohio japanese automaker honda's us subsidiary said it would begin manufacturing a new sport utility vehicle under the acura brand at its ohio assembly plant starting in 2006.
1			minister	gain	finance			dollar gains after g 7 meetingcurrency market awaits us payrolls ... the dollar moved higher monday in the wake of little new policy direction from a weekend meeting of finance ministers and central bankers from the world 's economic powers.
4			user	voip	run	system	technology			voip vs. conventional telephones traditional phone systems may be going the way of the pony express. voice over internet protocol, technology that allows users to make and receive phone calls using the internet, is giving the old circuit switched system a run for its money.
1			party	democrat	election	defeat			record loss for schrder in biggest state germany 's social democrat chancellor, gerhard schrder, suffered a humiliating election defeat in the party 's traditional stronghold yesterday.
3			buying	value			3g phones 'bad value' says which? consumer group which? warns against buying 3g handsets in the uk due to a limited network.
2			game	match	defender			no appeal against mols five match ban utrecht 's michael mols is to start a five match ban for knocking out a graafschap doetinchem defender in a game on november 28.
4			attack	worm	firewall	protection	system	feature	technology			norton 's 2005 security line up norton antivirus 2005 's claim to fame is that its worm protection feature borrows from firewall technology to block inbound ports so that you can protect yourself against worm attacks such as msblast. its new quickscan feature also scans your whole system ...
2			stadium	lion	football			prefontaine hoofs the lions for a guy who would have preferred to see the skydome lid closed, noel prefontaine did a fine job of putting the boot to the football yesterday in the chilly, open air of the topless stadium.
3			trading			being frugal with google google begins trading. finally. bill mann's pretty tired of the navel gazing.
4			system			moncks corner facility has new owner integral systems of lanham, md., said wednesday it had agreed to sell assets of its antenna systems division in moncks corner to ljt associates of montgomery, ala.
1			talk			vw may cut 30,000 jobs if no agreement with workers volkswagen ag is threatening to eliminate 30,000 jobs ahead of next week 's wage talks with unions as europe 's biggest carmaker seeks cost cuts similar to agreements reached by other german companies, including daimlerchrysler ag.
2			team	run	race			hanjin to run chinese branding in shanghai renault f1 team partner hanjin shipping will run unique chinese branding for this weekends race in shanghai.
4			technology	institute			micro generators rev up the power a new micro generator developed at the georgia institute of technology holds promise for micro generator technology 's future in electronics devices.
1			president			exxon executive to retire harry j. longwell, executive vice president at exxon mobil, will retire at the end of the year, the company said yesterday. mr. longwell, 63, is retiring after 41 years.
2			speed	game			advertisements insinuated into video games roar down city streets in the upcoming need for speed underground 2 racing game and you'll see a best buy store amid the skyscrapers along with bright billboards hawking cingular wireless, old spice, and burger king.
2			nba	game			nba today utah at phoenix 10:30 p.m. est . the suns 18 3 have the nba's best record and have won nine of their last 10 games.
4			measure	software			ellison: oracle considered lowering peoplesoft bid oracle ceo larry ellison, testifying in a delaware court as part of oracle's efforts to get peoplesoft to pull back anti takeover measures, denied that his company is trying to kill off its smaller software rival.
3			good	stock			despite itself, google good for stocks forget the fact that the new definition of the verb to google is: to blow an otherwise foolproof deal; or to miscalculate with extreme hubris.
4			software			peoplesoft fires conway, names founder duffield chief peoplesoft inc. fired chief executive officer craig conway, raising the likelihood the business software maker will give up its 16 month fight against oracle corp.
4			content	race	technology			search engines zero in on video google has officially joined the race to come up with a way to search videos and tv shows. in addition to a search technology for internet based video content, google is also working with tv and cable broadcasters
4			system	soldier	technology			study backs hanscom, natick site hanscom air force base and the natick soldier systems center pump more than $ 3 billion into the massachusetts economy, and their closure would damage the state's vital technology and research cluster, according to a study released yesterday.
4			server			dell touts new blades' bang for the buck the computer maker envisions the blades being used to replace large numbers of stand alone servers, among other functions.
4			software	application	generation			trend micro delivers mobile security antivirus software specialist trend micro nasdaq: tmic is extending its expertise to next generation handheld devices with the launch of mobile security, an application aimed at smartphones and pdas.
3			growth			china: efforts to cool economy working the head of china's central bank said on sunday beijing's efforts to curb excessive credit growth were bearing fruit, increasing chances the country's booming economy would achieve a soft landing.
1			party	victory	president	election			rhode island senator to stay republican republican sen. lincoln chafee, who flirted with changing political parties in the wake of president bush's re election victory, says he will stay in the gop.
4			software			oracle's ellison confident in peoplesoft oracle corp. ceo larry ellison reiterated his determination to prevail in a long running takeover battle with rival business software maker peoplesoft inc., predicting the proposed deal will create a more competitive company with improved customer service.
2			good	game			study: big predators don 't last long apparently, the same things that makes large, toothy predators so good at hunting big game also make them more vulnerable to extinction as is shown in a new study of a
3			investment	share	sale	price			online ad provider exploring a sale doubleclick inc., the online advertising provider whose one time soaring share price made it one of manhattan 's most well known faces of the dot com era, said late sunday that it has hired an investment bank to explore a possible sale.
1			party			indian parties to defy strike ban political parties in india's west bengal state call for fresh strikes in defiance of a court order declaring them illegal.
4			platform	processor	pentium	speed	high			intel offers ultra high end p4 extreme edition intel unveiled its latest ultra high end processor platform, the pentium 4 extreme edition, with a higher speed frontside bus and more cache and memory.
4			microsoft	application	suite			microsoft opens office to governments microsoft nasdaq: msft is opening the door to its office suite, offering governments a closer look inside key applications.
3			fund	sale			bayer sells plasma unit to us consortium bayer continued with its strategic refocusing, announcing on monday the sale of its plasma business to two us private capital funds.
4			user	virus	software	symantec			trend micro offers mobile security for free trend micro, a rival anti virus firm to symantec, made an announcement stating that it will offer its anti virus and anti spam security software for free to users until june, 2005.
4			technology	second			latest freeze frame technology lets the viewer blink during split second events nbc is using technology that breaks down a dive into multiple still images and also superimposes one diver against the other as they perform the same dive.
3			supply	earnings	sale	technology	distributor			boise cascade 3q earnings more than double boise cascade corp., a global distributor of office supplies and paper, technology products and office furniture, on tuesday reported third quarter earnings more than doubled, driven by sales at the company 's office products distribution business.
2			league	team	club	president	coach			mallorca fires coach after string of poor results in spanish ... mallorca fired coach benito floro on monday after a string of poor results in the spanish league, the team said on its website. club president mateu alemany said the board of directors decision was unanimous.
1			politics	bush			politics puts hold on taiwan arms purchase a proposed $ 18.2 billion purchase of u.s. weapons by taiwan has bogged down in the island's hard fought electoral politics despite repeated warnings from the bush administration that the new arms are imperative to bolster defenses against china.
2			game			new 'hawk' game most thorough ever there's only one thing better than riding a halfpipe ramp in tony hawk's underground 2 doing it in real life. since i'm pretty sure that's never going to happen, i'll keep on defying gravity in this new game from activision.
3			growth			voracious growth puts china in a power crunch it 's not even 5 pm on a workday and the corridor outside li chengwen 's office is dark. the air is moist and warm. by eugene hoshiko, ap.
4			speed	broadband			watchdog rules over broadband the uk's ad watchdog rules over which net connections can be described as full speed broadband.
2			player	game	version			'doom 3' game unlikely for xbox this year id ceo the xbox version of doom 3, the long awaited pc video game recently released to wide acclaim, is not likely to be released in 2004 dealing a blow to enthusiastic game players who are anxiously awaiting it.
4			gate	tool	software	management			gates to announce windows update tool microsoft's founder is expected to detail the company's plan for computer management software and announce a long awaited windows update tool.
3			sale			volkswagen hires former chrysler executive to head namesake brand london, october 7 volkswagen ag has appointed wolfgang bernhard, a former chief operating officer at daimlerchrysler 's chrysler unit, to turn around the sales of the volkswagen brand, which accounts for half of the company 's
2			baseball	team			teams exercise patience with big ticket free agents like carlos beltran, richie sexson and carlos delgado still on the market, baseball executives are playing wait and see.
4			tool			calpine betting state needs juice tucked against a dry san jose hillside, calpine corp. 's next power plant is a $ 500 million leap of faith. workers swarm through the plant 's five story metal skeleton, the shriek of power tools piercing the air, as they work for completion next spring.
2			champion	team			olympic champion hamilton suspended by phonak team olympic time trial champion tyler hamilton has been suspended by his phonak team after they were informed he had failed dope tests.
4			tool	high	technology			nokia to offer encryption tool nokia plans to work with swedish security company pointsec mobile technologies to develop an encryption tool for high end phones, the companies said tuesday.
1			president			french court convicts mitterrand son of tax fraud a french court wednesday found the eldest son of former french president francois mitterrand guilty of tax fraud and sentenced him to a suspended 30 month prison sentence.
2			play	movie	game			sony 's psp nearly sells out on debut sony, the electronics and gaming giant, said its long awaited playstation portable psp , which can play movies, music and games, had virtually sold out on its home debut today.
2			team	captain	jean	coach	cup			garrison gets new contract; king retires zina garrison was given a one year contract to stay on as us fed cup captain, while billie jean king retired tuesday as a coach for the team.
4			system	microsoft	source			microsoft battens down windows xp 's hatches with the latest update to microsoft corp. 's windows xp operating system, personal computers will soon join parents, bosses, teachers and spouses as a source of nagging in your life.
3			volume	share			mgm stays in the picture shares of film studio metro goldwyn mayer nyse: mgm rose more than 6 on heavy volume yesterday on the back of reports from reuters and followed up by various
3			share	investor	stock	strength	gain			european shares gain strength london: european stock markets rallied yesterday as investors appreciated gains in new york and asia and digested a flurry of company news.
4			auction	patent	technology			internet patents sold at s.f. auction a group called jgr acquisition made the winning, 15.5 million bid monday for a batch of obscure but potentially important patents covering technologies for internet business transactions.
4			united	british	technology			british fire and safety firm kidde accepts takeover by united ... kidde plc, the british fire and safety company, said thursday it had agreed to a 1.4 billion pound $ 2.8 billion takeover by united technologies corp.
2			basketball	player			defense says dotson incompetent for trial psychological testing shows that the former baylor university basketball player accused of gunning down one of his teammates is not competent to stand trial, his attorneys said wednesday.
4			point	infrastructure			amtrak infrastructure on brink, dot warns the national passenger rail service risks a major point of failure if infrastructure needs remain unaddressed, the us department of transportation warned in a scathing report made public today.
4			technology			study: managers misuse tech to control workers managers with outdated notions are misusing technology to monitor and micromanage employees, according to a new study by the london school of economics.
1			party	victory	opposition			romanian ruling party lead shrinks romania 's ruling ex communists scored a wafer thin victory over opposition centrists in sunday 's parliamentary vote, according to partial official results.
2			play	houston	stadium	texas	bowl	sport			utep headed to houston bowl el paso, tx sports network texas el paso accepted an invitation to play in the houston bowl at reliant stadium on december 29.
4			system	platform			sun acquisition to boost it services portfolio sun is moving from its traditional focus on supporting only its solaris operating system platform and beefing up its support for competing operating systems such as windows, hp ux and aix, with the purchase of it services company sevenspace.
2			dead	game	match			an indian journey kanpur: thankfully not a metropolis one thing you learn over the years is how indian spectators love to get involved, even when the match is as dead as this one. it places them in a unique position and the pity is that a game that offered so much turned out the way it did.
3			high	sale			retail sales show festive fervour uk retail sales were better than expected in november as christmas shoppers began their seasonal flock to the high street, figures show.
4			concern	software	hardware			gateway returns to japan after three years while taking a back seat to software and security efforts, hardware is still a big time concern according to our survey. organizations are taking the opportunity to consolidate their environments as they replace
3			earnings			update 1: suntrust fires 3 on errors causing delay suntrust banks inc. has fired its chief credit officer and two other employees because of errors that will delay third quarter earnings and force the company to restate some financial results.
1			politics			russian tycoon rocks vilnius by rn eastern europe editor margreet strijbosch, 25 october 2004. a russian born millionaire has turned lithuanian politics on its head.
3			investor	buying			sap results bolster oracle 's case for buying peoplesoft investors following oracle corp. 's hostile takeover battle with peoplesoft inc. got plenty of information to digest this week, including bold predictions
4			tool	good	software			peoplesoft touts new tools as its battle with oracle continues, the software maker attempts to offer some good news by unveiling tools designed for manufacturers.
2			team			astonomers finger culprit in 1572 supernova an international team of astronomers has identified the surviving companion star to the 1572 supernova explosion witnessed by the danish astronomer tycho brahe.
4			speed	supply	system	technology	high			lucent, cingular ink wireless deal lucent technologies inc. signed a four year agreement to supply equipment for cingular wireless' rollout of its nationwide 3g high speed wireless data system.
2			use	team			u.s. bancorp, verisign team on banking security u.s. bancorp will use verisign's unified authentication service to validate and secure interactions with commercial banking customers, providing them with a secure usb token they must use when accessing services online.
3			buying	high	sale			high court hears dispute over interstate wine sales washington the us supreme court was told today that state laws barring people from buying wine directly from out of state suppliers should be struck down as unconstitutional.
1			talk	airway			us airways talks with pilots collapse negotiations between us airways group inc. and its pilots union over labor concessions collapsed monday. the airline is seeking $ 295 million in annual concessions from pilots.
3			user	good	buying			spam e mails tempt net shoppers computer users continue to ignore warnings about spam and are being lured into buying goods, a report suggests.
3			sale			aerospace firms' sales, jobs climb the aerospace industry bounced back this year with record sales and the first upswing in employment in five years as a result of robust defense spending, according to an industry analysis released yesterday.
2			hit	good	game	shot			game quotes on stephon marbury: he got into a rhythm and it was a nice zone to be in. his shot looked good and he had good form. he hit big shots and it helped change the game.
2			champion			olympic swimmer phelps dui trial set olympic swimming champion michael phelps drunken driving trial was set for dec. 29. phelps, 19, was stopped by a state trooper on nov. 4 for running a stop sign in salisbury.
4			system	processor	run			hp targets china 's pc market hewlett packard has begun selling a pavilion pc that runs on processors from advanced micro devices and a freedos operating system.
2			game	season			nintendo, sony devices to target holiday shoppers nintendo co. and sony corp. made separate product announcements yesterday that the video game giants hope will attract more customers ahead of the highly competitive holiday shopping season.
4			sharing	talk	software	file	technology			fanning: napster guru unveils legal file sharing technology talk about changing your tune: shawn fanning, whose napster software made it possible for music lovers to get songs over the internet without paying for them, is going legit.
4			microsoft	standard	technology			keeping how the net works open to all plans to combat spam are in trouble because microsoft wants too much power, argues technology analyst bill thompson. the internet relies on a large number of technical standards which define in precise and
4			grid	run	design	software	standard	computing			globus toolkit founders form company the de facto standard for grid computing will be licensed to companies, and the new venture will contract for technical support of the software and services that can help companies design and run computing grids.
4			server			intel plans to fix internet intel corp has proposed an overhaul of what it says is an increasingly creaky internet that would result in servers running its chips taking as central role in the network as cisco 's routers do today.
2			club			feds go after spam king federal attorneys are trying to shut down an allegedly illicit internet business operated out of a dance club in rochester that is deluging computers with unwanted pop up ads by hijacking their browsers.
2			football			mich. tech: beacon in college football there isn't enough room on a page to catalog everything that's gone wrong with big time college football.
3			share			peoplesoft rejects oracle bid news research wednesday publicly rejected oracle 's orcl:nasdaq news research $ 24 a share takeover offer, saying the $ 8.
3			share	profit	earnings	sale	brewer			molson issues profit warning on slow sales shares in molson inc. slumped friday after the brewer warned its summer quarter earnings would be lower than expected due to slow sales in canada and problems with profitability in brazil.
4			tool	good	beta	suite			msn toolbar suite beta so how good are those tools are... and what 's the big fuss about them? personally i don 't know, as i didn 't try them out.
4			linux	software	source	switch			paris city authority hedges bets on linux move the city of paris intends to reduce its dependence on software suppliers with de facto monopolies, but considers an immediate switch of its 17,000 desktops to open source software too costly, it said wednesday.
2			coach	nation	football	president			ready to lead a gator nation first year university of florida president bernie machen has his hands on a lot of things. becoming intimately involved in the details of hiring a football coach is no more unusual to him than gripping the
3			restaurant	chain			what's eating at bob evans will new cafes come to the rescue of the restaurant chain? stay tuned to find out.
4			java	system	developer	server	use	application			runtimeproperties... reflection from system properties java developers often load system properties to customize the runtime behavior of their applications. for example a develoepr could define a 'max connections' system property to define the maximum number of tcp connections that their application server can support. while nice, this prevents all other applications from using this variable name. the first reaction to this would be to namespace your variable names. instead of using max connections you would now use 'my.application.server.max connections' as your property name. this works of course but now you have to load this property on startup. public static int max connections integer.parseint system.getproperty ...
4			processor	pentium	system	technology	version			intel ramps up with new pentium m 765 processor the intel pentium m processor 765 will be featured in intel centrino mobile technology based systems being introduced worldwide. intel is also shipping boxed versions of the new processor to
3			enterprise	access			remote access gets safer, easier opinion: as competition heats up, ipass is the latest remote access provider to announce favorable wi fi pricing for enterprise customers.
4			goal	upgrade	software			bocada upgrades backup reporting software for slas bocada inc. is releasing an upgrade of its backup reporting software tailored to help cios and other executives meet business goals and achieve regulatory compliance.
4			speed			boeing ceo: jet market recovery slower boeing co. chief executive harry stonecipher said on friday the us aircraft maker 's archrival airbus was exaggerating the speed of recovery in the commercial airplane market.
2			party	game			the olympics are ending: now athens pays for a nice party the very pleasant games most people experienced, superimposed on one of the world 's historic cities. the very expensive games that greeks will have to underwrite for decades.
1			election			is e voting secure? cbs nearly one third of voters as many as 45 million people are expected to cast their ballots electronically in next week 's presidential election.
2			player			audiofeast launches portable internet radio service audiofeast, a two year old start up company based in mountain view, california, has launched what it claims is the first internet radio service for portable mp3 players.
4			software	price			real sells 3m tracks at a loss media software firm realnetworks says it sold more than three million tracks thanks to an aggressive three week price promotion in the us.
1			politics	win			piano teacher author wins nobel prize austrian writer elfriede jelinek, a reclusive author whose feminism, leftist politics and pacifism are common themes in her works, won the nobel prize in literature thursday for what the swedish academy called her musical flow of voices and counter
3			growth			tommy tunes up embattled tommy hilfiger corp., desperate to acquire an upscale brand to help re ignite its growth engine, will buy designer karl lagerfeld 's small business and roll
4			database	java	ibm	developer	development	use	application			ibm posts documentation for cloudscape the resources ibm will provide include articles to help java developers use the cloudscape database in custom application development.
4			design	platform	microsoft			intel links up with symbian after seeing little success with the reference designs it created for microsoft 's smartphone platform, intel will now work with symbian to create reference platforms for 3g handsets.
1			politician			prison confirmed for lindh killer sweden's supreme court rules the killer of politician anna lindh will serve life in jail, not in psychiatric care.
3			holding	share			promoters, newfields sell 98.2 in blue dart to dhl blue dart express ltd. said on monday that the indian promoters and newfields holdings ltd. have decided to sell their shares, collectively constituting 68.
4			cell	software	team	content			video girlfriends demand diamonds a hong kong company has developed a virtual girlfriend for cell phones with video capability. also: realnetworks offers paid internet content hellip;.vodafone, nokia team up to simplify mobile software hellip;. and more.
2			medal	round	korea	sport			hamm retains olympic all round gold american gymnast paul hamm will keep his olympic all round gold medal after the lausanne based court of arbitration for sport cas rejected thursday an appeal from south korea 's yang tae young.
4			microsoft	software	developer	development	server	high	computing	version			microsoft intros supercomputing sdk looking to drive corporate adoption of its high performance computing version of windows server 2003, microsoft on monday introduced an sdk software development kit for developers alongside a name change for the product.
3			investor	sale	fall			ibm's conference falls short on questions international business machines corp. took the conference out of conference call this week when it invited investors to a discussion about the sale of its personal computer business to china's largest pc maker.
2			race			why can't wi fi be more like star trek? opinion: this year, all of the big mobile operators are starkly aware that they're in a race. but star trek taught us never to make the mistake of assuming that people operate rationally.
2			game	championship			eidos delays championship manager video game maker eidos says it is delaying the release of its championship manager 5 game and is still trying to pick a possible buyer for the company.
4			system	software	management	application	switch			cisco unveils switches, software for smbs cisco systems inc. on monday is set to take aim at small and medium size businesses smbs that have growing needs and sparse technical expertise, introducing a pair of lan switches and a graphical management application.
2			play	game			unc upends uconn i think the game played out probably the way i thought it would play out, he said. i can 't say that i m really, really that surprised.
2			coach	victory	football	season			crowton steps down as byu football coach byu coach gary crowton agreed to resign wednesday, ending a four year stint with the cougars that began with 12 victories and finished with three straight losing seasons.
4			download	software			yahoo to buy musicmatch for $ 160 million yahoo inc. said on tuesday it will buy music software company musicmatch inc. for about $ 160 million in cash, bolstering yahoo's offering as online music providers prepare to go head to head in the download market.
2			general	team	season			s. abdur rahim the portland trail blazers made some huge strides in 2003 04 to rid themselves of the remnants of the bob whitsitt era. of all the changes new general manager john nash made last season, none was more important than making this team likable.
1			party	nation			cpc 's plenum to find ways to prolong moral right to rule beijing, sept. 16. pti : facing unprecedented challenges to its authority, china 's ruling communist party elites are meeting here from today to chalk out ways to prolong their one party rule in the world 's most populous nation.
4			use	vendor	broadband			wanted: simple home security jon oltsik says the explosion in broadband use forces a rethinking of internet security. but a lethargic vendor response is not a promising harbinger.
4			nation	team	technology	russia	project			russia woos indian it firms, call to jointly tap global markets russia said it wants to emulate india's success in information technology as it wooed indian firms for joint projects and called on both nations to team up to tap global markets.
3			good	sale	season			retail in review: more bah than sis boom analysts have offered their latest judgment of the christmas shopping season: good, but not great, although online sales set records.
2			use	player	game			almost half of video gamers cutting tv use study nearly half of video game players watched less television last year or plan to cut their viewing time this year, according to a report issued on thursday that lends credence to industry fears that young men are switching off the tube.
4			standard	technology	generation			alcatel says closing in on china 3g mobile deal french telecoms equipment maker alcatel is nearing a deal with a chinese peer on cooperating to build third generation 3g mobile phone networks using a chinese technology standard, a senior executive said.
4			server			on microsoft's virtual server 2005 analysis smaller, cheaper and supported
4			ram	president	technology			gupta out, swete in at peoplesoft it 's out with the new and in with the oldat least at peoplesoft, pleasanton, calif. just two weeks after the ouster of ceo craig conway, ram gupta, peoplesoft executive vice president of product and technology, has also left the building.
2			jay	stadium	baseball	team			toronto blue jays to buy skydome for $ 21 million the toronto blue jays baseball team will buy their home stadium, the skydome, from closely held sportsco international for c $ 25 million $ 21 million , team owner rogers communications inc.
4			processor	system	core	developer	use			arm's new cortex cores deliver big punch in small chip chip designer arm ltd.'s new cortex family of processor cores will help designers of mobile and embedded devices build powerful systems that use less memory, the company said tuesday at its developer conference.
4			run	technology	enterprise			symbol enterprise digital assistant runs windows mobile symbol technologies has expanded its line of rugged handheld computers with the addition of a pda form factor device called an enterprise digital assistant eda .
2			coach	season			upbeat wilkens likes new pieces to knicks' puzzle knick coach lenny wilkens steered away from predictions thursday, but he found more to like than not to like as he surveyed the coming season.
1			election	team	opposition			australia's labor meets to rebuild australia's labor opposition begins putting together a new team, after its damaging loss in this month's election.
4			development			analyst sees sweetened bid for mec frank stronach 's mi developments inc. will likely sweeten its $ 286 million us bid to buy out racetrack operator magna entertainment corp.
1			reform	minister			eu ponders sugar industry reforms eu agriculture ministers are to discuss urgent reforms to europe's heavily subsidised sugar industry.
4			software	access			livewire: back to school means back to advergames back to school for many kids means back to internet access in classes where the best of filtering software is not foolproof, particularly against seemingly harmless web sites used for invasive marketing.
4			email	software	management	version			mozilla releases thunderbird article central the mozilla foundation launched version 1.0 of its email management software thunderbird in advance of the official release this tuesday.
4			standard	networking	mode			intel to launch tri mode chipset chip giant intel is launching a 'tri mode centrino chipset that supports all three wi fi networking standards. the new chipset will support 802.
4			technology	version			hear william shatner 's sensational version of pulp 's common ... the cd will remain the most popular music format till the end of the decade, according to a new survey. the report also states that europe will buy over 570m worth of digital downloads in 2009, but technology
2			race			chaplain meets with hendrick employees concord, nc a chaplain has met with employees of hendrick motorsports employees after the crash of a company plane killed ten people heading to the subway 500 race in martinsville.
2			season			indians sign closer wickman for one year free agent closer bob wickman agreed to a 2.75 million, one year deal wednesday and returned to the cleveland indians, whose shaky bullpen without him early last season cost them any chance of winning the al central.
3			trader	trading			tales from the pit: a woman trader 's story if you re a woman, cari lynn 's salty memoir will hearten you, though it might not sway you to enter the futures trading field.
4			technique			3d holograms to crack forgeries a 3d hologram technique could transform how experts spot forged signatures and other handwritten documents.
2			fan	philadelphia	sport			thechat em when republican michael g. fitzpatrick is sworn in as the new congressman from pennsylvania's 8th district, the longtime philadelphia sports fan will face some important decisions. chief among them, of course . .
2			team			south dakota sues to get t. rex harding county wants a team of fossil hunters to return a juvenile tyrannosaurus rex named tinker unearthed from northwest south dakota in 1998.
2			play			ross to dress for buckeyes on saturday tailback lydell ross is back with ohio state but it is unclear whether he will play saturday against penn state.
1			party			hu and jiang jockey for position xinhua reports that the 4th plenary session of the chinese communist party 's ccp 16th central committee will be held in beijing from sept.
2			player	club			new virgin digital music club offers subscription service amaze your friends as cd quality music comes out of your little plastic computer speakers! then, pay us monthly even if you dont listen to anything, and even if you would rather listen to it on your portable music player.
4			generation	linux	technology	computing	source			linux and open source: the 2005 generation linux and open source are at the heart of today's computing technology. deal with it.
4			standard	content	generation			disney backs blu ray this week, the walt disney company and its buena vista division said they would release content on the blu ray next generation dvd standard, meaning that battlelines have been drawn in publishing content.
4			linux	application	technology	ally			briefly: unisys signs up linux allies roundup plus: looksmart names new ceo...akamai boosts web application technology supported by hp, samsung.
2			game	shot			athletes return to olympia, home of games, after 1,611 years olympia, home of the olympics for more than 12 centuries, will host competition for the first time in 1,611 years when the shot put competition of the athens games is contested at greece 's most sacred sporting site.
4			software			eds signs with opsware, again global it services powerhouse eds extended it contract with opsware quote, chart for data center automation software and services, the company said tuesday.
3			stock			halliburton planning to restructure troubled kbr unit, may look to sell it halliburton co. said yesterday that it is restructuring its troubled engineering and construction subsidiary, kbr, and would consider selling or spinning it off should the division's stock performance fail to improve once asbestos litigation is resolved.
2			party	game			nintendo ds launches in the us 300 plus people lineup at the eb games in universal city. and then the pictochatting begins. november 21, 2004 who says nintendo doesn 't know how to throw a party?
4			content	suite	system	design	software	feature	adobe			adobe unveils acrobat 7.0 software adobe systems has introduced adobe acrobat 7.0 software suite, with features that could appeal to home offices and professionals who make a living from content design.
4			siemens	technology			bbc off loads technology wing 9.15am: the bbc has closed a 2bn deal with siemens business services for the contracting out of its technology wing. the ten year technology framework contract, approved by the government, will see the corporation save an estimated 30m a year.
3			listing	stock			ebay to buy for $ 415 mln in cash and stock ebay inc., the world 's largest web auctioneer, agreed to buy privately held for $ 415 million in cash and stock as it expands into classified listings.
3			shareholder			gold fields may bring forward vote on iamgold bid gold fields ltd. may bring forward the date for shareholders to vote on its proposed $ 2.1 billion purchase of canada 's iamgold corp.
2			game	top			greek athlete tests positive for drugs greek pride was dealt another blow friday when one of their athletes failed a drugs test at the olympics just 48 hours after its two top sprinters pulled out of the games in a doping scandal.
2			football	club			proof that size isnt everything a quick glance down the list of clubs paul dickov has played for inexorably leads to one conclusion: the man is football 's eternal optimist.
2			soccer	game	team	quarterfinal			maccallum boosts hingham the hingham boys' soccer team remembers the last time it lost a game. since losing to middleboro in last year's state quarterfinals, the harbormen have been aching for revenge.
2			soccer	team	night	victory	career			hamm, foudy retire from women's soccer mia hamm and julie foudy closed out their remarkable careers with the u.s. women's soccer team in style wednesday night, cheered on by droves of young girls in a 5 0 victory over mexico.
3			sale	retailer			indian web sales of taxless tobacco face new pressure online sales of untaxed cigarettes are provoking a stampede of protests from a disparate collection of antitobacco groups, cash strapped state governments and local retailers.
3			investor	commodity			commodities are riding on china's coattails in the first half of 2004, commodities investors worried that a hard landing for china's economy could be disastrous for them, but those fears have not borne out.
4			technology	networking	vendor	arsenal	storage			storage products unveiled at snw show at storage networking world snw in orlando this week, several storage vendors are adding to their arsenal of products and technologies aimed at it managers dealing with the explosion of data storage.
2			investor	value	sport			tycoon puts business before sport multi millionaire malcolm glazer is known as a shrewd investor whose love of sport is eclipsed by his canny business sense. described by forbes magazine as having an eye for value
4			system	energy			energy department hacked nearly 200 times in last year the department must do more to lower the risk of cyberattacks against its it systems and networks, an internal report says. by george v. hulme.
4			server	software	microsoft	version			microsoft tightens windows mainframes link company releases revamped version of server software for linking windows servers to mainframes, other large computers.
4			technology			toshiba boosts hard drive capacity new perpendicular recording technology could lead to thinner, lighter, 80gb ipods.
2			medal	race			us cyclist ensnared in doping scandal paris tyler hamilton, the american bicycle racer who won an olympic gold medal in the time trial last month in athens, strongly denied tuesday that he had used illegal performance enhancing blood transfusions there and in the major race in spain.
4			outsourcing	software			software as a service is poised for rebound the services we once expected from asps are back, but now we refer to them as business process outsourcing.
1			fighting			sounds of thunder, strikes of lightning november 7, 2004 . i know, i know, i am eating my words when i said the time off would dampen kostya tszyus fighting skills and sharmba mitchell would dispose of the thunder from
4			technology			caller id: do you really know who's calling? company debuts technology that will make it possible to send false information about an incoming call.
4			standard			update 2 chiron delays flu vaccine shipments chiron corp. is delaying shipment of its flu vaccine, fluvirin, because lots containing 4 million vaccines, do not meet product sterility standards, the biopharmaceutical company said on thursday .
4			design			penn. school district offers intelligent design book as ... a pennsylvania school district thought to be the first school to teach intelligent design released a statement on friday clarifying that its procedural statements to be read as part of its biology curriculum is only an attempt to present a
4			upgrade			mobile imaging gets an upgrade it was about a year ago that camera phones began marching into america, winning the hearts and eyes of shutterbugs everywhere.
1			relation	election			turnout is heavy for election in hong kong throngs of residents headed for polling places here on sunday in legislative elections widely seen as a referendum on relations with mainland china.
3			depot	share	growth	sale	retailer	gain			paper: home depot shares look undervalued shares of home depot inc. , the largest u.s. home improvement retailer, may extend gains amid solid expected growth in sales of homes and home improvement products, according to the latest edition of barron's, the weekly financial newspaper.
3			volume	high	sale	retailer			gateway to reenter japanese pc market gateway has announced it will start sales on december 10 of own brand high performance personal computers in japan through four consumer electronics volume retailers.
4			software	version			mydvd 6: better but not best burning sonic's latest version of its dvd burning software improves on its predecessor but still trails the latest offerings from ahead software and roxio.
3			chain			somerfield puts bite on rivals supermarket chain somerfield is to take control of more than half of scotland 's safeway branches. they are being sold by the company 's new owner morrisons as part of a 260m deal.
4			text	technology			worlds first 5 megapixel camera phone a true digital convergence product that combines a gamut of innovative technologies including a true color lcd 16 million colors , text to speech conversion capability, as well as, a 5 megapixel ccd camera.
2			season	night	sport	nhl			jr shoots down nhl again the flyers star told fox sports best damn sports show period last night that there 's not going to be a season and demanded union head bob goodenow and nhl commissioner gary bettman to negotiate.
4			core			mystery of the islamic scholar who was barred by the u.s. tariq ramadan, a swiss theologian of egyptian descent, has been chased by allegations that his public face of moderation conceals an extremist core.
3			application	enterprise			undaunted peoplesoft rolls out business apps although the threat of oracle 's hostile takeover continues to cast a shadow over it, peoplesoft is pressing on with plans to integrate into its product mix the enterprise applications it picked up last year in its acquisition of j.d. edwards.
2			champion			former champ bowe eyes a return to the ring former heavyweight champion riddick bowe is eyeing a return to the ring after hanging up the gloves in 1996.
2			enemy	game			review: 'everquest', 'warcraft' polished if my experiences with two new massively multiplayer online role playing games have taught me one thing, it's that if i really wanted, i'd never have to interact face to face with another person again. i have all the friends and enemies i can handle thanks to everquest ii and world of warcraft.
4			software	storage			hp, netapp build nas to san links new software programs enable storage silos to connect with one another.
4			trick	technology			new tech tricks caller id new technology can trick a caller id box into displaying the name and phone number of an entirely different person or company than the one actually calling.
4			gate	microsoft	country	technology	cooperation	access			bill gates in paris to seal unesco deal microsoft corp. chairman bill gates signed a cooperation agreement with unesco on wednesday to improve access to computers, the internet and information technology training in developing countries.
4			system	upgrade	software	hit			major it crash hits uk government department a software upgrade caused some 40,000 computers to crash at the uk government 's department for work and pensions last week. the crash of the windows based systems took most of the department 's computers offline for five working days.
4			award	software	engineer	technology			apple unveils logic pro 7 logic pro 7, the next major release of the award winning professional music creation and audio production software, will change the way musicians and audio engineers worldwide compose, record, edit and mix music in any studio environment. in addition to more than 100 workflow enhancements, breakthrough new software instruments, new mastering plug ins and support for apple loops, logic pro 7 also debuts distributed audio processing, a revolutionary technology which allows audio pros to tap into a virtually unlimited number of macs to expand available digital signal processing dsp power. sep 29
4			software	microsoft	technology	win			microsoft foe wins in settlement head of a technology industry trade group that encouraged aggressive legal action against microsoft for antitrust violations for years received nearly $ 10m as part of a settlement with the software giant.
4			high	speed	technology			wireless technology to rival cable, dsl intel an emerging wireless communications technology called wimax, which can blanket entire cities with high speed internet connections, will rival dsl and cable as the preferred way to connect homes and businesses to the internet, intel corp. said on tuesday.
3			strength	profit	finance			ford posts profit but loses money in cars ford motor co. on tuesday reported a higher than expected quarterly profit as strength in its finance arm once again offset a loss in its automotive business.
4			tool	wrap	application	development			tools wrap: web services, e commerce, xml touted systinet, amazon, and altova this week are announcing tools geared toward development of web services, e commerce, and xml applications, respectively.
2			injury	brian	chicago	game	sport			bears lb urlacher injures another hamstring lake forest, ill. sports network chicago bears linebacker brian urlacher is expected to undergo an mri exam this week to determine the severity of a left hamstring injury he sustained in this past sunday's game against jacksonville.
2			player	raven			ravens' ogden to miss three to four weeks baltimore ravens tackle jonathan ogden is expected to miss three to four weeks with a pulled left hamstring, although the 2003 all pro player intends to shorten his absence by adhering to a rigorous rehabilitation program.
2			final	minister	prix	british	sport			final lap for silverstone sports minister richard caborn today categorically ruled out the government stepping in to provide the cash to save the british grand prix at silverstone.
3			growth			ireland raises growth forecasts ireland is poised to grow faster with a smaller deficit thanks to the global economic recovery, the government says.
3			share	high	enterprise	version			nokia plans new, lighter version of communicator trying to regain some of its lost market share, nokia corp. is hoping to woo both enterprise and consumer customers with a lighter, sleeker version of its high end communicator handset that will be released worldwide at the beginning of next year, the company announced wednesday.
4			shareholder	software			oracle secures nearly 61 peoplesoft shareholder backing oracle has won backing from slightly more than 60 of peoplesoft inc. shareholders in its $ 9.2 billion hostile takeover. friday evening, the software maker announced that 228.7 million out of the roughly 376
4			leadership	system	software	generation			palmsource to extend leadership in phone software with acquisition ... sunnyvale, calif., dec. 8 prnewswire firstcall palmsource, inc. nasdaq:psrc , provider of palm os r , a leading operating system powering next generation mobile devices and smartphones today announced
4			platform	enterprise	vendor	server	storage			hp, hitachi offer 300 gbyte storage platform the hitachi ultrastar 10k300 fibre channel drive will be offered in the hp storageworks enterprise virtual array eva , and the ultrastar 10k300 scsi drive will go in hp 's proliant servers and storageworks modular smart array msa family, the vendors said
2			basketball	speed	series	cup	sport			this weekend's sports on tv, radio nascar busch series bi lo qualifying at darlington, s.c., speed channel 3 p.m. nascar nextel cup mountain dew 500 qualifying at darlington, s.c., speed channel 8 p.m. nascar craftsman trucks darlington 200 at darlington, s.c., speed channel pro basketball 7:30 p.m. celtics vs. charlotte at the fleetcenter, fsn, wwzn 1510 8 p.m...
4			desktop	application	vendor	enterprise			enterprise search vendors eye emerging markets fast launches an application to help directory publishers compete in local search, while copernic dives into the desktop search arena.
1			minister			southeast asia, china, japan work to boost trade southeast asian economic ministers met on saturday with counterparts from powerhouses japan and china, and made progress toward liberalizing trade and boosting business, officials said.
3			profit	chain	retailer	sale	high			dixons and sainsbury 's interims reveal lower sales high street and shopping mall retail chain dixons group, the uk 's largest consumer electronics and equipment retailer, has warned that sales and profits have waned in the last quarter.
4			exchange	supply	technology	fuel			iran refuses to surrender nuclear fuel technology iran said sunday it has already acquired the sensitive technology to produce its own nuclear fuel and that it would be irrational to agree to surrender such a capability in exchange for supplies from overseas.
2			championship	team	victory	high	game			barnstable dominates chelmsford in deciding game new year, same result. in a rematch of last year's division 1 state championship, the barnstable girls' volleyball team again upended chelmsford in a 2 1 victory yesterday at barnstable high school.
4			software	game			321 studios reaches settlement in dvd copying dispute a company driven out of business by hollywood and the video game industry over its dvd and computer game copying software has reached a settlement with the motion picture industry...
4			user	glitch	software			outage nearly over, paypal says paypal said late tuesday that it has fixed a software glitch that locked some of its customers out of their accounts and crippled ebay users ability to complete online transactions.
2			play	knee	seattle	sport			niners' barlow has mri santa clara, calif., sports network kevan barlow of the san francisco 49ers underwent a precautionary mri on his sore right knee wednesday, but the running back expects to play sunday in seattle.
2			pass	coach	game	football			nd 's move raises host of questions this is what passes now for perspective in college football. where the fire the coach web sites pop up by his third game, and the boosters circle like sharks.
4			sharing	license	file	technology	source			universal music said to license songs universal music group has licensed songs from its stable of artists including u2 and eminem to a company that has developed technology designed to prevent the unauthorized distribution of audio tracks over online file sharing networks, a source familiar with the venture said.
4			microsoft	software	technology			microsoft to launch new search engine software giant hopes to challenge google with new search technology.
4			user	microsoft	tool	software	spyware			microsoft software to remove spyware microsoft corp. disclosed plans thursday to offer frustrated users of its windows software new tools within 30 days to remove spyware programs secretly running on computers. but it might cost extra in coming months.
4			player	voip	application	system			at t forms net phone alliance the carrier recruits intel, cisco systems and other major players to create voip phone gear and applications.
1			talk	airway			talks resume between us airways, pilots talks between us airways group inc. and the union representing pilots have resumed, the air line pilots association said monday.
4			user	skype	telephony	software	technology	beta	application	version			some ipaq users report trouble with skype skype technologies sa introduced version 1.0 of its internet telephony application for pocket pcs on thursday, but the first non beta release of the software does not work well on all pocket pcs, users report.
4			software	microsoft	patch			microsoft improves security microsoft will provide advanced notice to customers of upcoming patches, including what software and products will be affected, in an effort to allow customers to prepare and pre roll patches instead of having to try and deal with issues after patches are
1			general	race	election			critics, supporters prepare for u.s. e voting voting security advocates in the u.s. are bracing for a repeat of problems in the upcoming general election that could rival florida during the 2000 presidential race.
4			software			oracle hires hp vp to sell software hosting service oracle corp. has tapped juergen rottler, formerly with hewlett packard co. hp , to head its growing on demand unit, a division that sells software hosting services.
1			party			jack lalanne keeps going and going birthday boy: jack lalanne keeps going and going, and so do the parties celebrating his 90th birthday in santa monica, calif. on saturday, nearly a month after the fitness guru turned
3			gain	stock			tech stocks lead the way wall street 's broad market indicators ended nearly flat today after an early rally attempt ran out of steam, but tech stocks held on for solid gains.
4			standard	technology			boeing readies rfid standards for release to suppliers in 2005 boeing plans to release a set of technical specifications for rfid devices to its suppliers during the first half of 2005, but the aircraft maker won't mandate that companies start using the technology right away.
4			use	system	processor	mac			apple power mac g5 last year, only the highest end power macs were dual processor. now, all power macs are, including the entry level 1.8 ghz model. the 2.5 ghz g5 processors use a new heat pipe system
2			team			a team with verve suddenly on the verge can 86 years of tainted history be swept clean by one sweet, absurdly improbable act of redemption, the likes of which has never been seen in hardball history?
1			president			venezuela audit 'confirms' result venezuelan officials say first results of an audit of the vote on president chavez's rule show no fraud.
3			share			wto opens us door for irish bookies irelands online bookmakers are lining up to grab a share of the $ 73 billion 56.3 billion american gambling market following a landmark ruling by the world trade organisation wto last week that us legislation prohibiting gambling over the
1			leader	politics	party	hit	opposition			struggling tories and ndp hit quebec battleground in weekend encounters quebec cp canada's national opposition leaders played local politics and stole ideas from other parties saturday as they scoured quebec for just the tiniest toehold.
4			standard	broadband			intel takes stake in wimax startup chipmaker intel today threw more weight behind the developing wireless broadband data standard known as wimax by taking a stake in clearwire, a wireless startup led by billionaire craig mccaw 240699.
4			talk	software			eu still in talks with oracle the european commission is still in talks with oracle corp over its plan to take over rival software firm peoplesoft inc. , but aims to take a decision before the end of october, a commission spokeswoman said on friday.
3			investor			lexar's for pros; investors get hose the flash memory maker does fine in camera, but doesn't deliver for investors.
4			standard			rosettanet extends to singapore e business standards consortium rosettanet spread its wings over singapore with the opening of its architecture center of excellence, the group said friday.
2			run	country	trophy	carolina	player	sport			n.c. state's hodge puts self among elite julius hodge drove to the basket and scored, then turned to run back on defense. on the way, for a brief moment, he held the heisman trophy pose. it was the north carolina state guard's not so subtle way of letting everyone know where he thinks he ranks among the elite players in the country even if he had the wrong sport.
3			growth			la. reports first case of soybean rust the first u.s. cases of the fungus soybean rust, which hinders plant growth and drastically cuts crop production, were found at two research sites in louisiana, officials said wednesday.
3			enterprise	outlook			leapfrog withdraws 04 outlook, gives no estimates leapfrog enterprises inc. lf.n: quote, profile, research executives said on thursday its 2004 results will be significantly below previous forecasts, withdrew its 2004 estimates
2			championship			lenton ensures we don 't come up short libby lenton swam the fastest 100 metres freestyle relay split of all time to anchor a world record effort by australia 's women 's 4x100m medley relay at the world short course championships in indianapolis yesterday.
4			system	identity			doubts over passport face scans serious doubts are raised on the accuracy of a new identity system being introduced on all new uk passports next year.
1			leader	top			advice for top managers in tricky times: get real doing things right isn't enough. in today's fast churning marketplace, business leaders must do the right things right.
3			sale	estate			ebookers chief gets 92m from sale to cendant online travel agency ebookers succumbed to a 209m bid from american travel and real estate group cendant yesterday in a move which will see founder, chairman and chief executive dinesh dhamija pocket more than 92m.
2			stadium	athletics			athletics: olympic record for bekele, webb eliminated from 1500 ... the biggest applause at olympic stadium yesterday, the first day of athletics competition, didnt come for greek heptathlete aryiro strataki or triple jumper hristos meletoglou
4			email	receiver	technology			earthlink to test yahoo 's antispam technology earthlink agreed to test yahoo! 's anti spam technology. the technology encodes digital signatures dubbed domainkeys into customers email so that the receiver can tell whether the message is legitimate.
4			system			new spy plan said to involve satellite system the $ 9.5 billion program is facing criticism. it could take photographs only in daylight hours and in clear weather.
4			software			doom 3: resurrection of evil ann activision and id software have announced today an upcoming expansion for the popular doom 3. the expansion, which is named doom 3: resurrection of evil and is co developed by nerve software
4			platform	content	system	use	sport			sprint certifies quicktime, xserve g5 for phone media telecommunications company sprint on thursday announced that it has certified apple's xserve g5 and quicktime as mobile multimedia delivery platforms for sprint's own pcs vision multimedia services. this enables content service providers to use xserve g5 systems and quicktime to deliver streaming audio and video clips to sprint customers whose phones support sprint's new vision multimedia service. the service provides content from cnn, nbc, fox sports, the weather channel, e! entertainment, mflix and other companies...
4			patent	software	technology			patent case challenges microsoft's 'autoplay' a case scheduled for hearing in december focuses on technology for automatically loading software from a disc.
3			value			sprint will cut as many as 700 jobs sprint corp. said friday that it will slash as many as 700 more jobs and reduce the value of its long distance network by an undisclosed amount.
4			system	worm	virus	networking			cisco buys network security company perfigo networking equipment maker cisco systems is to buy perfigo for $ 74m 40.5m , boosting the company 's efforts to secure network endpoints and protect them from worms, viruses and hacking.
1			election	opposition			lebanese mps to vote friday on law amendment constitutional amendment drafted will allow lahoud to stand for re election despite opposition at home, abroad. beirut lebanese mps will vote friday on a constitutional amendment drafted under pressure from
1			minister	election	defeat			no concession by indonesia's megawati, count near end megawati sukarnoputri declined on thursday to concede defeat in indonesia's first direct presidential election, although with most votes counted, she is too far behind to catch up with her former security minister.
4			decline	technology			it executives optimistic about ways to connect the tech industry is finally heading towards a recovery after the post bubble decline, but we are not quite there yet, according to executives and industry watchers at the 15th annual etre technology conference in cannes.
3			share	investor	chain	fall	trading			starbucks ceo to retire, shares fall starbucks corp. on tuesday said its chief executive, orin smith, will retire next year, surprising investors, who sent the coffee shop chain's shares lower in after hours trading.
4			high	speed	technology			intel endorses wider range wireless net technology in a boost to the future of high speed wireless internet service, intel corp. said monday it 's putting its money and its technology behind a closely watched company that 's trying to roll out the service around the globe.
1			talk			airbus prepares rival to boeing 's dreamliner airbus, the aerospace giant, has started talks with suppliers about building a rival to boeing 's new commercial airliner, the 7e7 dreamliner.
4			software	source			via gives away disk scrubbing software taiwanese chipmaker dangles open source software to lure in programmer interest.
4			cell	technology			casio combines lcd, fingerprint sensor technology will allow the addition of biometric security to cell phones, pdas.
2			game	top			greek sprinters withdraw from olympics top greek sprinters kostas kenteris and katerina thanou withdrew wednesday from the athens games, nearly a week after the duo missed a drug test and were hospitalized after a mysterious motorcycle crash.
2			tournament	title	championship	good	player			samsung boasts long history annika sorenstam has played in the samsung world championship every year since 1995, winning the title three times. so sorenstam has as good of a perspective as anyone about what the tournament means to players.
4			investor	system	use	software			methods to the madness even with the use of home accounting software, investors should still establish a filing system for paper receipts, warranties, tax records, bank statements and other essential documents.
4			movie	technology			the visual world of michel gondry a month ago i was introduced to the works of michel gondry. in short, i was amazed and tantalized by his short films and music videos. even if you haven't heard of him, you've probably seen his many works in gap commercials, various music videos, and the recent movie eternal sunshine of the spotless mind. many of his works explode with visual elements that, when taken alone, are simple and mundane. however, under his masterful guidance, these elements come together to form a highly mesmerizing visual experience. he never ceases to push visual technologies and challenge our ideas about the visual medium.
4			system	access			sungard data to spin off business sungard data systems inc. said monday it will spin off its information availability services business, which helps organizations maintain access to their electronic data during everything from minor mishaps to major disasters.
4			platform	microsystems	java	developer	code	standard	source	version			sun posts java source code to developers sun microsystems has posted the next version of its java 2 platform standard edition j2se to the developer community for early review and feedback.
1			politician			right wing icon voted greatest dutchman slain right wing politician pim fortuyn has been voted the greatest dutchman of all time by television viewers in the netherlands.
2			good	game			athens games: best of greek past, present little things meant a lot in athens: a tear from mia hamm's eye, or a smile across jennie finch's mouth, was as good as gold. a pair of abandoned wrestling shoes, size 13, signaled goodbye for rulon gardner...
2			captain	team			ponting 's likely return for fourth test to force team reshuffle d day looms for darren lehmann after captain ricky ponting was yesterday cleared to rejoin the australian team for the fourth test.
1			talk	violence			assassination is an issue in trade talks as union activists have fallen by the hundreds in colombia, labor rights groups and some members of the u.s. congress have promised to do something about the violence.
3			good			one good plus, two good minuses for a 's well, let this be a lesson to us all. there really is no egregious mistake in the world of professional flesh peddling that cannot be undone.
4			user	software	licensing			subscription based licensing lacking corporate excitement a new study sponsored by macrovision, the software and information industry association, and the centralized electronic licensing user group has found that there is a discrepancy between where software companies think software licensing is heading and
3			shareholder	share			telstra 's $ 750 million share buy back telstra corporation has announced details of its plan to invite all shareholders to participate in a $ 750 milion off market share buy back.
1			coalition	election			aussie election could impact us coalition however this election won 't occur in november and it won 't involve an electoral college. i m talking about next week 's national elections in australia.
4			use	tool	alternative			icerocket launches rss feed builder icerocket launches rss feed builder icerocket is at it again! the search engine that brought the world a hip alternative to google along with news, blog, and moblog search has just added an excellent tool for web site publishers, an rss feed builder. icerocket's rss builder is an easy to use ...
4			user	energy	infrastructure			hp to manage it for finnish energy giant finnish energy giant fortum corp. has signed a five year agreement with hewlett packard to manage its it infrastructure and support about 10,000 users across europe.
4			technology	price			infineon execs plead guilty in dram price fixing, face jail time four executives at infineon technologies ag and its us subsidiary, infineon technologies north america corp., are to plead guilty to participating in an international conspiracy to fix prices in the dram market, the us department of justice doj said
4			system	project			why yaml? why not? i started a simple project a while back; all i needed to do was store some information about stuff around the office, and since it's a small office, i thought that a rdbms system was overkill. so i decided to go with xml. after creating a document, i then decided to fight with xml dtds, and tried to fight with both xml dom and xml sax for python, i finally decided on an approach that built dictionaries using sax, as described here. after messing with it for a while, i decided there had to be a better way. almost by accident, i stumbled upon yaml.
4			system	attack	enterprise	access			ca adds antivirus, antispyware to cisco nac program computer associates international inc. ca said on wednesday that it was joining a cisco systems inc. program to harden enterprise networks against attacks by enforcing security policies on computer hosts that attempt to access network resources, the company said in a statement.
4			lab	project			government lab, company lead project to develop nuclear fission ... if hydrogen created in a nuclear reactor ever winds up fueling cars and homes and businesses decades from now, it might all owe its thanks to a pottery kiln.
3			general	sale			gm, ford see weak sales, production cuts general motors corp. and ford motor co. are expected to announce further cuts in vehicle production levels this week as they move to trim inventories of unsold cars and trucks following weak sales, analysts said.
4			desktop	app	tool	linux	management	vendor	server	application			xandros rolls out linux desktop management app linux desktop vendor xandros inc. on tuesday announced the availability of its new xandros desktop management server xdms application, which gives it administrators the tools to roll out, configure and maintain mass deployments of linux equipped pcs.
4			infrastructure	measure	nation	bush	technology			tougher cyber security measures urged a group representing technology industry executives yesterday called on the bush administration to step up efforts to protect the nation 's computer and internet infrastructure, and it proposed
2			franchise			burnout offers thrills aplenty the third outing for the burnout franchise offers jaw dropping action that is difficult to fault and perilously addictive.
4			system			hong kong swears in new legislature new hong kong lawmakers were sworn in wednesday, and one of their newest members a longtime activist shattered the solemnity by shouting pro democracy slogans as he joined the system he has spent years protesting.
2			career	nfl	game			not sold on vick michael vick has certainly been a commercial success so far in his young nfl career it's hard to watch an nfl game on television without seeing him shilling for something.
2			team	coach	offense			ready for guard duty coach eddie jordan and guard gilbert arenas continue to work on strengthening their relationship as the team continues to work on mastering the princeton offense.
1			coup	minister			moratinos defends coup comments spain's foreign minister defends his claim that the former government supported the 2002 venezuela coup.
1			war			democratic rep. bob matsui dies at 63 democratic rep. robert t. matsui of california, who spent time in an internment camp for japanese americans as an infant during world war ii and went on to serve 26 years in congress, has died of complications from a rare disease, his family said sunday.
3			good			the iranian european nuclear accord is good news on several fronts the announcement monday that a preliminary agreement reached between iran and the european union 's three big powers may be finalized soon is good news on several fronts.
1			president	election			only invitation entitles observers to zimbabwe 's parliamentary ... zimbabwean president robert mugabe reiterated on thursday that foreign observers to next year 's parliamentary election will come in strictly on the basis of invitation.
4			generation			toshiba aims to launch laptops with next generation dvd drives in 2005 major japanese computer maker toshiba corp. said it is aiming to sell laptop computers loaded with its next generation dvd drive by next year.
3			sale			gm, ford sales sagged in november the chrysler group of daimlerchrysler ag was the only domestic car company that gained ground during november, marking its eighth straight month of us vehicle sales increases.
2			player	game	dream			when a video game stops being fun for players with ambitions to develop games, electronic arts must appear to be the best place in the world, but there is unhappiness among those living that dream.
4			engineer	project			big dig found riddled with leaks engineers hired to investigate the cause of september 's massive big dig tunnel leak have discovered that the project is riddled with hundreds of leaks that are pouring millions of gallons of water into the $ 14.
4			user	file	software	sale			pluggedin: software tackles digital photo proliferation now that digital cameras have overtaken film cameras in sales, users are beginning to encounter a familiar problem what to do with the bulging image files and folders filling up computer hard drives?
3			good			gadget turns plants into speakers the therapeutic power of flowers takes on new meaning with a japanese gadget that turns plants into audio speakers, making the petals and leaves tremble with good vibrations.
3			profit	sale			google 3rd qtr profit more than doubles on web advertising google inc., the world 's most used internet search engine, said net income more than doubled to $ 52 million after sales of web advertising rose.
4			good	standard			xml: too much of a good thing? explosion of special interest xml dialects could mean the standard is a success or could be the start of a new headache.
3			application	collaboration	sale			webex mixes meetings with sales force automation webex communications is one of the pioneers of real time collaboration applications. in fact, to many companies the name webex is synonymous with online meetings.
4			software	management	feature	development	project			borland adds project management features to caliberrm borland software corp. announced caliberrm 2005 this week, a product designed to help software project managers take some of the guesswork out of software development.
4			microsoft	secret	technology	penalty			microsoft asks judge to suspend penalties microsoft corp told a judge on thursday that the european commission must be stopped from ordering it to give up secret technology to competitors.
4			increase	technology	growth			itaa: it job growth to slow for rest of 2004 despite a 2 increase in it employment early in the year, it job growth for the rest of 2004 is expected to be slow, according to the information technology association of america.
3			sale			cases examine alcohol shipments and ad campaign the us supreme court serves up a pair of tasty cases this week, one involving interstate sales of wine and the other exploring a government ad campaign for beef.
3			sale	retailer			holiday sales: jolly, not jubilant it hasn 't exactly been a summer of fun for retailers this year but at least merchants can look forward to a little holiday cheer, an industry group said wednesday.
3			stock			canada bans greenland, faroese fishing boats canada said on thursday it had banned fishing boats from greenland and the faroe islands from its ports because of their highly irresponsible overfishing of shrimp stocks outside canadian waters.
3			shareholder			ca shareholders reject compensation recovery plan executives urge patience as the company continues to review payments to executives who left in the wake of an accounting scandal. by darrell dunn.
3			earnings			philips electronics takes $ 750 mln charge philips electronics said it will write off $ 753 million for its healthcare unit medquist, leaving analysts wondering if philips will need to restate its earnings.
4			player	cooperation	technology			web founder says cooperation needed to create the semantic web the inventor of the world wide web told a technology conference on wednesday that making the web more useful hinges on a familiar challenge: getting the players behind
4			ibm	computing			local ibm pc employees gear up for lenovo move lenovo 's planned acquisition of ibm 's personal computing division is expected to see 180 employees in australia and 10 in new zealand transition to the chinese company, ibm australia officials said today.
4			gate	system	microsoft			microsoft confident xp update will baffle hackers he said his company 's windows xp operating system update, launched last month by bill gates, was the first big line we have drawn in the sand to combat security breaches and spam.
4			enterprise	system	development	server	storage			hp forms new blade group hp has formed a new division within its enterprise storage and servers group designed to unify its blade system development efforts.
4			spur	science	technology	series			new x prize sets sights on science, technology and social ... the x prize foundation and the world technology network announced today the formation of a joint venture to launch a series of technology incentive prizes to help spur innovation
4			bug	space	microsoft	software	technology			microsoft smitten by the blogging bug!: technology india: london, dec 3 :software giant microsoft is now ready to take the plunge into the world of blogging by launching a test service to allow people to publish blogs, or online journals, called msn spaces.
4			platform	suite	system	bea	software	vendor	application			bea pares weblogic for isvs to make it more palatable for independent software vendors define to adopt bea systems quote, chart middleware software suite, the company released weblogic platform isv edition, an soa in a box solution tailored to meet specific application
4			microsystems	server	hardware	storage			sun set to announce new server, storage hardware sun microsystems inc. will hold its quarterly product launch this week, unleashing a raft of new hardware offerings spanning servers to storage.
2			team			overtaking at budapest? its possible the renault f1 team drivers explain how you can make up positions at the hungarian circuit.
4			system	holding			herndon, ny cyber security firms to merge trusecure corp., a herndon provider of network security systems, agreed to merge with betrusted holdings inc., a new york company that offers similar services.
3			investment	fund	stock			art looks like fine investment for funds some mutual funds invest in stocks; others invest in bonds. now a new breed of funds is offering the chance to own fine art.
2			championship			radcliffe out to put athens in rearview mirror paula radcliffe holds the world record for both the marathon and the 10k. she won the world championships half marathon three times in the last five years.
3			crisis	sale			twinkies maker in crisis there 's an old saying in the business world when a sale seems all but assured: it was as easy as selling hostess twinkies. that may no longer be true.
4			use	technology	generation			film studios snub sony dvd format three hollywood studios choose to use next generation dvd technology backed by toshiba, snubbing a rival product promoted by sony.
4			microsoft	computing			microsoft sees blogs for the masses the company that helped push word processing and graphical computing into the mainstream wants to do the same thing with weblogs. microsoft corp.
2			nfl	league	coach	game			for nfl, a tough start coaches league wide are wondering why the nfl's schedule makers put five games between division rivals on the opening weekend.
2			team			perth home to new rugby union team australia 's home of rugby union. doesn 't sound quite right, does it? and indeed this afternoon the australian rugby union decided that the afl mad victorian capital was not ready to
1			president			france unveils its motorway in the clouds taller than the eiffel tower and longer than the champs elysee, the millau viaduct was today opened by president jacques chirac to acclaim as marvel of art and architecture.
2			leader	team	basketball	trading	carolina	stadium	fan	sport			trading in old loyalties generates buzz the hornets left this basketball crazy city two years ago in a dispute over a new stadium, leaving behind angry fans and leaders disappointed with losing the first big time pro sports team ever based in north carolina.
3			share			omnicare extends offer for neighborcare omnicare inc. ocr.n: quote, profile, research said on wednesday it extended its $ 30 a share all cash offer for all the outstanding shares of neighborcare inc.
1			debate	politician	election			politicians debate hong kong poll results chinese officials lauded the comfortable majority of the beijing camp in hong kong 's election as a vote for prosperity, but the city 's leading liberal said yesterday china should not doubt the popular desire for democracy.
4			linux	patent	software	source			torvalds, windenius, lerdorf fight eu software patents the three most famous european authors of open source software today issued an appeal against software patents in europe. linux author linus torvalds, mysql author michael windenius and
2			injury	brian	game	team			holloway's on a mission through three games in 2004, brian holloway has recorded 19 tackles, third best on the team and with injuries in the linebacking corps, his ascension has been vital for the terps.
2			coach	club	defeat			roma coach voeller resigns rudi voeller offered to resign as coach of first division club as roma after just 26 days in charge following a 3 1 defeat by nine man bologna on saturday.
4			pack	space	design	technology	server			technology aims for cooler datacenters syska hennessy, an engineering, technology, and construction company, unveiled this week a unique design for cooling datacenters that would allow companies to pack almost double the number of servers into a datacenter space.
2			golf	sport			golf, four other sports in running for olympic inclusion golf, rugby, squash, karate and roller sports are in the running for possible inclusion at the 2012 olympics. the international olympic committee said wednesday it notified those five sports governing bodies
3			good	export			eu lifts u.s. sanctions, contests taxes the eu called off its sanctions on $ 4 billion worth of u.s. goods on monday after washington repealed illegal export tax subsidies, bringing some balm to transatlantic ties wounded by a battle over airbus and boeing.
4			ibm	technology	morgan			update 2: jp morgan chase plans to rehire 4,000 jp morgan chase co. says it will rehire 4,000 workers whose jobs it had outsourced to ibm, bucking a corporate trend in information technology.
4			copyright	creator	database	system	management	technology			technology ; napster creator unveils online music technology after registering music and copyright information in snocap 's database, labels and artists can manage online distribution through snocap 's copyright management system, which lets them set rules for each track on a global basis.
2			nba	brawl	basketball	player	sport			nba suspends four players after brawl the national basketball association suspended four players on saturday, one day after one of the worst brawls in north american pro sports history.
1			president			europe 's highest bridge links art and engineering president jacques chirac inaugurated europe 's highest bridge yesterday, a creation taller than the eiffel tower, longer than the champs elyses and designed to end a traffic bottleneck in southern france.
2			football	team	streak	win	high	sport			school 's 151 win streak ends they did what no high school football team in the last 12 years had been able to do. it was the little known bellevue wash. wolverines that ended the greatest streak in high school sports
3			share	profit	sale	use	crisis			ban sale of water for profit, health activist says environmental activist maude barlow believes the world is poised to experience a freshwater crisis of monumental proportions. the canadian author shares her views on global water use and abuse with national geographic news.
4			system	linux	software	distributor	version			suse warns of hole in linux kernel linux distributor suse has warned of one of the most serious security holes to date in version 2.6 of the linux kernel, which could allow attackers to shut down a system running 2.6 based software.
2			round	top	season	player	game			holiday season portable games put nintendo, sony in shoot 'em up round the holiday shopping season is set to be a shoot 'em up round in the video game industry, as its top players nintendo and sony go head to head by launching new and advanced hand held machines.
2			play	football	sport			sports buzz it 's about time that someone addressed the inherent lack of integrity in the failure of the university of alabama to play uab in football.
4			user			t mobile secures wi fi hotspots t mobile usa today released a new secure encrypted connection manager that will enable users to login to any of the 4700 nationwide hotspot wireless networks.
2			talk	game			personal tech: the sims 2 greg kramer, author of the sims 2: prima official game guide, will be online to talk about the latest release of the video game.
2			play			sony on collision course with music majors over mp3 including its own sony bmg venture over the mp3 song format. sony is considering manufacturing devices that play digital
4			siemens	broadband	technology			siemens adopts flarion 's flash ofdm technology manhasset, ny siemens communications said friday oct. 8 it will develop wireless broadband products using flash ofdm technology from flarion technologies.
4			tool			yahoo adds tool to search hard drives yahoo inc. is adding a tool to search computer hard drives as it scrambles to catch up with google inc.
4			development			adb grants 200 million dollars for philippines health sector the asian development bank adb said it has approved two loans totalling 213 million dollars to improve the health sector in the philippines.
4			platform	content	software	ibm	management	developer			ibm buys cross platform content management provider ibm acquires software developer venetica to pump up the content handling capabilities of its db2 platform. by paul mcdougall and rick whiting.
4			system	buying	application	vendor			contact center today cisco strengthens ip service offerings with p ... cisco systems is buying ip service control vendor p cube in a deal valued at $ 200 million. p cube 's products help service providers identify subscribers, classify applications, improve service performance and charge for multiple ip services.
4			high	cell	technology			cell phones focus on 4 megapixels mitsubishi's new technology should lead to handsets with high resolution cameras by next year.
4			developer	linux	standard	version			linux standards base version 2.0 has c support the free standards group fsg on tuesday will release version 2.0 of its linux standard base lsb , a key standard that enables developers to rally around a common programming framework and keeps linux from fragmenting into competing camps.
2			semifinal	beat	top	sport			sports briefs top seeded andre agassi beat spain 's fernando verdasco 7 6 4 , 6 2 yesterday to reach the stockholm open semifinals for the first time.
1			country	election			two episodes of banana republicanism as a lifelong resident of louisiana, the u.s. state that gave us huey long and david duke, i have always taken comfort in the fact that my home state is an island of insanity in a country that mostly gets it right. but lately i recognize some disturbingly familiar trends on the national scene. listen if you will to the tale of two elections, and decide for yourself if the usa as a whole is turning into louisiana.
2			champion			robbo is all hearts hearts has named its former goalscoring champion john robertson as its new manager following the departure of craig levein to leicester.
4			system	mac			apple releases mac os x 10.3.7 update as expected, apple computer today released mac os x 10.3.7 update, a maintenance release for its mac os x 10.3 panther operating system.
2			jay	stadium	team			blue jays to buy skydome for $ 21.24 million the toronto blue jays agreed to buy skydome, the team 's ballpark, for about $ 21.24 million. the 50,000 seat stadium, which opened in 1989, cost about $ 375 million to construct and was mostly funded by taxpayers.
4			use	user	text	application			video feeds follow podcasting just as people currently use newsreaders to read syndicated text from blogs and news sites, a few hackers are creating applications that let users view syndicated video feeds. think of it as tivocasting. by daniel terdiman.
2			night	fan	sport			felix trinidad sets boxing back on course boxing fans have been scrambling for answers, searching for scenarios, and saturday night the answers were found, where all sports questions are resolved, madison square garden.
4			software	top			sungard to spin off data unit sungard, which provides software and services to top financial companies, plans to spin off its disaster data recovery business into a separate publicly traded company.
4			tool			web based tool helps voters find polls with most states reporting massive new voter registrations and many political observers worrying about potential voter confusion and allegations of fraud on nov.2, one organization has created a web based tool to answer questions and provide information.
1			leader	party	talk	korea			china to revive stalled n. korea talks north korea 's no. 2 leader, kim yong nam, arrived in beijing monday as china renewed efforts to revive six party talks on pyongyang 's nuclear program.
3			share			3 americans share nobel prize for studying tiny particles their work focused on understanding the forces that bind together the smallest pieces of matter, known as quarks.
4			system	researcher			medical journal calls for a new drug watchdog medical researchers said the u.s. needs a system independent of the f.d.a. to detect harmful effects of drugs already on the market.
2			soccer	game	technology			gadget of the week: catch and hold radio programs for those who would like more control over when and how they listen to radio shows, whether classical music in the afternoon or a soccer game at midnight, there is a new option from griffin technology: the radioshark.
2			play	stadium			tommy lee plays with college marching band drummer tommy lee has played plenty of stadium shows with his band motley crue...
3			investor	shareholder	earnings			investors don 't want november surprise in earnings time warner shareholders hope they won 't get a november surprise when the world 's largest media company releases its third quarter results wednesday.
3			shareholder			panel says conrad black ran a 'corporate kleptocracy' conrad black and other controlling shareholders of hollinger used $ 400 million for personal perks, a new report says.
1			leader	airway			union rejects us air proposal leaders of us airways group inc. 's pilots union rejected the carrier 's latest contract proposal late monday, a blow to the no.
4			microsoft	system	software	patch	use	flaw			microsoft releases new 'critical' patches microsoft corp. today released an unprecedented number of software security updates to plug flaws in its products, including seven critical defects that it said hackers could use to hijack vulnerable computers running the windows operating system.
2			game	race			radcliffe ready to take bite out of big apple world record holder paula radcliffe will race back into the spotlight at the new york marathon sunday when she returns to action for the first time since her stunning collapse at the athens olympic games.
4			technology	fuel			priming the public for hydrogen fuel the new pump at the shell station on benning road ne in the district doesn't look much different from the others, but it represents a new concept in automotive technology: hydrogen power.
2			high	technology	sport			gps technology drives global treasure hunt the key to hidden treasure lies in your handheld gps unit. gps based geocaching is a high tech sport being played by thousands of people across the globe.
2			good	game	developer			nintendo ds: doubly good short for dual screen 1 2 out of four, $ 150 was designed to bring innovation to the portable video game market, so far only developer sega has completely caught on.
2			play	game	wizard	season			haywood looks to end wizards center brendan haywood worked hard in the offseason to improve enough to play in the fourth quarter of close games this season.
2			champion	football			pioneer defense clears the path for all of the cmass football fanatics out there, it's time to breathe easy. division 1 has a champion and it's none other than st. john's of shrewsbury.
4			user			peoplesoft ceo rallies support craig conway said at peoplesoft's annual users conference that his company will not surrender to oracle.
2			game			chad hopes to emulate brady the body of work is not substantial enough to consider chad pennington a victim of the belichick factor. fair or not, pennington 's five interception game against the .
4			microsoft	system	patch	application	flaw			get ready to patch installing patches to fix application and system flaws is still a major chore for businesses. with microsoft 's xp sp2, they face their biggest challenge.
3			chain			compusa stores to sell gateway pcs gateway inc. gtw.n , the computer maker that recently shuttered its chain of 188 stores, will begin selling its desktops at compusa inc.'s outlets later this week, the two companies said on monday.
2			minute	point	game	stadium			shellshocked? not these bears the bears were losing 14 0 against the new york giants after just 12 minutes sunday, and a great many people in giants stadium had to believe the game was over at that point.
4			user			mobile phone users double since 2000 mobile phone subscribers around the globe totaled nearly 1.5 billion by the middle of this year, about one quarter of the world's population, the international telecommunication union itu said on thursday.
4			software	microsoft			microsoft to comply with ec orders on windows the world 's software giant microsoft corp. said it would comply with the european commission ec 's orders if it fails this week to persuade the european court of justice to suspend the ec 's decision.
3			investor	shareholder	miner			gold fields investors snub bid harmony 's bid to create the world 's biggest gold miner suffered a blow yesterday when the first part of its offer for south african rival gold fields received a lukewarm reception from shareholders.
2			army	good	game	season			after 0 13 season in 03, ross black knights hope to mimic ... for the 10th consecutive year, tickets for the army navy game have sold out, and for good reason. countless aspects of this 105 year old rivalry command respect, from the thrill inducing pageantry of the pregame
4			design	ibm	server			ibm opens design to its blade servers international data machines corp. ibm reported that it will release the design of its blade servers openly to potentional consumers.
4			software			eu approves oracle 's peoplesoft bid strasbourg: the european commission on tuesday approved oracle corp. 's proposed $ 7.7 billion hostile takeover of rival business software company peoplesoft inc.
2			team	toyota	sport			new f1 team targets 2006 entry a group calling itself the midland group has joined forces with chassis maker dallara to become the first new team to enter the sport since toyota began competing in 2002.
3			finance			indian truckers call off strike indian truckers have called off their weeklong strike to protest a service tax after reaching an agreement with the government, the finance ministry said saturday.
2			fan	soccer	player	win			soccer prodigy adu wins cybersquatter case u.s. soccer's most expensive player, teenage prodigy freddy adu, has won his cybersquatting case against a man who claimed to be preparing a fan based web site, an international arbitrator ruled on thursday. p
4			cell			cell phone batteries: avoid getting burned manufacturers and consumer advocates offer a handful of precautions to lessen the chance of a meltdown.
3			investment			turkcell signs iran mobile deal turkish mobile operator turkcell is going ahead with a network in iran, despite a law giving iranian mps a veto over foreign investment.
2			round	shot	lewis	classic	sport			lewis grabs two shot lead with scorching 62 lake buena vista, fl sports network jl lewis fired a 10 under par 62 thursday to take a two shot lead after the opening round of the funai classic at walt disney resort.
3			chain			compusa stores to sell gateway pcs gateway inc. gtw.n , the computer maker that recently shuttered its chain of 188 stores, will begin selling its desktops at compusa inc.'s outlets later this week, the two companies said on monday.
4			rating	technology	price			infineon pleads guilty of dram price fixing; to pay $ 160mn fine london, september 16 new ratings infineon technologies has agreed to plead guilty and to pay a fine of $ 160 million to settle the federal charges of participating in an international conspiracy of dram price fixing.
4			switch			hitachi, nec form switch venture by eweek staff. hitachi ltd. and nec corp. said thursday that the two companies have established a joint venture specializing in the production of routers and switches.
2			league	good	career	team			vizquel moves to giants, opening door for peralta omar vizquel hopes to revitalize his career with a new team in a new league. the san francisco giants just hope the veteran shortstop has a few more good years in him.
2			game	team	win	season			early wake up call for lsu can a season be lost before labor day? generally, the answer is no. even the worst losses can be worked around when they occur on the first weekend of september. there's more than enough time for a team to move past any disappointment in losing a game most expected it to win.
2			game			woodhall backing for khan former olympic bronze medallist richie woodhall believes amir khan will be the mario kindelan of the next games if he is still an amateur in four years time.
1			leader	party	reform			china 's leaders fly pro reform flags for deng deng xiaoping loathed the cult of personality but that didnt stop chinese communist party leaders falling over each other to idolise their late leader to mark the 100th anniversary of his birth yesterday.
2			play	game			china cracks down on net china has closed 1,600 internet cafes and fined operators a total of 100 million yuan 6.5m for letting children play violent games and for other violations, the government revealed yesterday.
3			profit	management			profit from management integrity laser manufacturer candela's management avoids taking the easy way out to explain shortfalls.
4			police	development	technology	code	source			police question details of india code theft report police officials investigating the alleged theft of source code at jolly technologies' mumbai development center are questioning aspects of the security incursion reported by the company.
3			share			hot hand, cold hand lawrence j. ellison, chief executive of oracle corp., whose 17 month campaign to take over rival peoplesoft inc. got a boost when major peoplesoft owners offered to tender their shares.
3			shareholder	share			oracle again extends peoplesoft offer oracle has again extended its $ 7.7 billion cash offer for peoplesoft by two weeks. shareholders now have until oct. 22 to tender their shares, oracle said thursday.
2			champion	medal	night	game	sport			court rules on hamm medal paul hamm says thursday 's decision from sports highest court confirms what he 's always felt in his heart. that he was champion in the men 's all around that night at the athens games and olympic gold medalist.
1			country	election			student group grabbing ukrainian spotlight ahead of presidential election kyiv, ukraine ap their name means it's time. their slogan shows a ticking clock, and their ability to bring thousands of students to the streets is spooking the government as the country prepares for sunday's pivotal presidential election.
4			microsoft	telephony	technology	server	application	beta			microsoft adds voice, video to im client bostonmicrosoft corp. announced tuesday an early beta of a new rich client for its live communications server product designed to unite instant messaging with telephony and video, and to embed such technologies in other applications.
2			medal	victory	team	win			u.s. softball team wins third gold medal they are america's newest golden girls powerful and just a shade from perfection. the u.s. softball team won its third straight gold medal with an unprecedented and nearly unblemished romp through the olympics, capped by a 5 1 victory monday over an australian team that, like the rest of softball's elite, never had a chance.
3			expectation	profit	sale	share			yahoo tripled profits in quarter, thanks to google shares the $ 253 million profit by yahoo met analysts expectations and included $ 129 million related to its sale of shares in google.
4			desktop	tool	application	version			macromedia introduces publishing tool for ebay a special version of macromedia 's contribute web publishing desktop application is designed to automate and simplify the creation and modification of ebay stores.
4			enterprise	ibm	software	integration	beta	version			spicy solution for painless integration subang jaya: ibm has released the beta version of its latest enterprise grade integration software to malaysian customers.
1			president			the airbus boeing script is predictable: everybody loses except ... the script is so familiar, all the actors can no doubt recite their lines by heart. a us president complains about airbus subsidies.
2			play	tour			a charge that lived up to the name he spent three years on the tight lies and hooters tours, where guys have to put down a deposit to play and some of them carry their own bag.
1			crisis			ex prosecutor becomes chief at firm in crisis the new head of marsh mclennan cos., michael g. cherkasky, has three key traits working in his favor: clean hands, a reputation for toughness and the right friends.
4			enterprise	system	ibm	server	storage			new ibm systems mark storage server convergence ibm quote, chart took the covers off its latest storage strategy tuesday with an imposing ds8000 enterprise class storage server along with the much smaller, ultra dense ds6000.
2			medal	tournament	team			sour grapes as another u.s. boxer bites the dust the u.s. boxing team sucked on sour grapes after being left with just one gold medal prospect in the olympic boxing tournament friday.
1			holding	election			a new election for ukrainians appears likely ukraine appears to be headed toward holding a new election under a deal to adopt a reorganization of political power.
4			system	nation	upgrade	microsoft			colleges fear xp update will jam networks microsoft corp.'s decision to release a major upgrade for its flagship operating system in the same month that hundreds of thousands of students are reporting to college campuses across the nation is causing a major headache for some universities.
4			user			macromedia puts custom storefronts at ebay users fingertips mom and pop shops doing business online have long struggled with the fact that they look just like the diminutive outfits they are.
4			speed	networking			new wi fi nearly doubles speed belkin's pre n wireless networking line also dramatically improves range even for 802.11b and 802.11g gear.
4			system	ibm	technology			boeing, ibm announce 10 year partnership boeing co. and international business machines corp. plan to develop advanced information technologies for the defense department and intelligence systems under a 10 year partnership the companies announced monday.
4			software			fraud charges rock ca us regulators yesterday levelled fraud charges against three former executives of computer associates ca , including sanjay kumar, the us software companys former head.
3			finance			parmalat sues grant thornton and deloitte italian based parmalat is suing its former auditors grant thornton international and deloitte touche tohmatsu for billions of dollars in damages. parmalat blames its demise on the two companies mismanagement of its finances.
2			round	title	score	win	sport			hamm won gymnastics gold on score error: fig american paul hamm, who became the first american to win the olympics men's all round gymnastics title, should not have been awarded the gold, the sport's governing body ruled saturday.
1			politics	vietnam			internet cafes shut in vietnam for porn, politics authorities in southern vietnam have shut down 65 internet cafes and kiosks after finding hundreds of addresses of pornographic and anti government web sites on their computers, a newspaper reported on friday.
3			good			rocket man has local ties com. it was a flawless flight and a glorious day for our family, said william binnie. he, wife catherine and daughters sheila and katie had good reason to celebrate on monday.
2			night	stadium	game			a sample of things to come the games ended here last night with the last runner of the marathon making his way into panathinaikos stadium and the olympic flame being doused a few hours later.
3			sale	retailer			retailers simplify the rebate process rebates are getting easier. instead of making it as difficult as possible for a consumer to claim a rebate, some retailers are simplifying the process, figuring fewer hassles along the way will build customer loyalty and raise sales.
4			gate	software	microsoft			gates signs deal on software for the blind microsoft chairman bill gates signed an agreement friday with a spanish association for the blind to develop better software for people with visual impairments.
3			share			nortel accounting faces probe canadian officials are opening a criminal investigation into accounting at nortel networks corp. shares in the telecom equipment maker edged lower yesterday.
4			microsoft	standard	technology	mike			microsoft peeks at mobile strategy at the ctia wireless it entertainment 2004 conference monday, mike wehrs, microsofts director of technology standards for its mobility division, disclosed some details about big reds future mobile plans.
1			regime	minority	brussels	party	politics			belgium assaults democracy and self determination what happened in brussels today is unique in the western world: never has a so called democratic regime outlawed the country's largest political party. the party outlawed is for flemish self determination. when belgium's largest political party despite being a minority, which even the largest parties usually are in parliamentary politics cannot even seek self determination via democratic means, aren't international organizations obligated to ask what self determination really means in a liberal democracy ?
2			quarterback	player	game			giants feel for warner nine games and a 5 4 record is hardly enough time for players to build an everlasting loyalty to a quarterback. so the giants were not torn into factions by yesterday 's
4			system			calpers goes after egregious exec pay the california public employees retirement system wants to rein in what it calls abusive compensation practices in corporate america and hold directors and compensation committees more accountable for their actions.
4			ibm	feature	server	application	version			ibm tightens up websphere ibm is expected to disclose on wednesday features of the forthcoming version of its websphere application server, which will center on improving performance and administration.
3			investment	trader	trading	stock			the fidelity watch scott desano, fidelity investments' super powerful head of stock trading, and his band of traders are suddenly under the gun.
3			holding			fcc exempts web phones from state rule u.s. communications regulators on tuesday exempted internet telephone services from certain state oversight, a boon for vonage holdings corp. and other providers aggressively pushing the new service.
1			attack	coalition	party	talk	opposition			peres facing attack from labor mks over continued talks with likud labor party chair shimon peres is facing growing opposition from his party over his decision to continue coalition talks with likud despite the likud convention 's resolution last week against bringing labor into the government.
3			trader			dollar up on jobless data the dollar edged higher on thursday after a report showed first time claims for u.s. unemployment dropped steeply, but traders said its significance for friday's widely anticipated payrolls report was limited.
4			investment	ibm	software	development			ibm ups investment in modular software push firm's new consulting service supports services oriented architecture, an emerging software development model.
1			leader	coalition	country	president	crisis			uruguay elects first leftist leader uruguay has made a historic political shift in electing its first leftist president, tabare vazquez, and giving his coalition a majority in congress to face rebuilding the country after its recent economic crisis.
2			final	victory	win	cup	game	match			myskina wins three to edge france for fed cup victory in what many expected to be a 5 0 whitewash for the russians, the fed cup finale came down to the final doubles match sunday in moscow, with anastasia myskina and vera the crying game zvonareva edging marion roly poly bartoli and emilie loit 7 6 5 , 7
4			processor	developer	cell	game	version			playstation 3 chip goes easy on developers com december 3, 2004, 3:26 pm pt. san francisco the cell processor that will power the next version of the playstation game console will also be adaptable for advanced scientific
1			leadership	president			shuttlesworth resigns as president of sclc the reverend fred shuttlesworth, a native of birmingham, says he is resigning from his position as president of the southern christian leadership conference.
4			file	technology			fanning 's new swap shop few in the tech world need an introduction to napster 's founder, the college dropout whose revolutionary file swapping technology shook the foundations of the $ 11 billion record industry.
2			morning	game			video games get serious in my own case, the event is the release of halo 2 shortly after midnight this morning. it 's the sequel to my favorite video game halo: combat evolved, one of the best games ever made for
4			player	software			yahoo! buys musicmatch for $ 160m internet giant yahoo! extended its reach in net 's growing multimedia market today when it announced the deal to acquire media player software house musicmatch.
4			enterprise	linux	software	alternative	project	source			gnome, kde aim at windows kde and gnome, the open source software projects that together form the face of most linux installations, have undergone revisions that boost their usability and enterprise readinessadvances that build the case for linux as a viable alternative to
2			colt	coach	game	team			a double up game if a certain game is important for a certain reasons, the colts head coach will discuss the matter with his team early in the week.
4			buying	software			us government agencies aim for software assurance u.s. government agencies need to better understand the vulnerabilties of the software they're buying, said it workers from several government agencies during a software assurance forum in washington, d.c., this week.
4			alternative			firefox ignites demand for alternative browser strolling between classes at stanford university in palo alto, calif., blake ross looks like any other bleary eyed sophomore. few would guess that the laptop carrying
3			investor	profit	holding	brokerage	trading			ameritrade profit up but trading slips internet brokerage ameritrade holding corp. said tuesday its quarterly profit rose from a year earlier, though trading revenue fell as investors curbed trading activity in recent weeks.
4			percent	buying	technology			technology briefs don 't call brick and mortar retail stores irrelevant in this age of e commerce: in a survey, 69 percent of us online shoppers admit to browsing in traditional stores before buying over the internet.
4			system	microsoft	version			microsoft releases mom 2005 to manufacturing microsoft on wednesday reached another milestone in its multiyear dynamic systems initiative when it released to manufacturing the latest version of its microsoft operations manager.
3			profit			oilsands rail touted benefits from a not for profit $ 2.6 billion rail link between nisku, south of edmonton, and alberta 's oilsands include lower transport costs, greater safety and less
2			basketball	nba	team	country	game			overrated nba athletes losing to better teams for the purist, watching basketball played at the olympic level is a nice break from what 's become of the game in this country.
1			party	democrat			some democrats believe the party should get religion bested by a republican campaign emphasizing christian faith, some democrats are scrambling to shake off their secular image, stepping up efforts to organize the religious left.
4			software	development			ariba opens development center in india ariba inc. has set up a software development facility in bangalore, india, which will work on product development as well as technical support and services, the company announced friday.
4			content	developer	development	use	application			forum nokia to streamline content distribution san francisco nokia corp. 's development program plans to use ctia 's wireless it entertainment show to unveil a worldwide initiative designed to make it easier for developers to bring mobile content and applications to market.
4			generation	technology	storage			hewlett packard goes blu for dvds pc buyers can look forward to dvds with up to 10 times the storage they now have when hewlett packard rolls out machines supporting next generation dvd technologies next year.
2			title	champion	medal	soccer	team	play			fab five want to go out with gold medal the long goodbye ends for the fab five on thursday when the u.s. women's soccer team plays brazil for the olympic title. it will be the long anticipated chance for mia hamm, julie foudy, joy fawcett, kristine lilly and brandi chastain to end their time together as world champions, a bragging right they haven't been able to claim for five years.
2			champion			dechy stuns capriati 6 4, 7 5 at pilot pen defending pilot pen champion jennifer capriati was upset thursday, losing 6 4, 7 5 to eighth seeded nathalie dechy.
2			cricket	team	season			yuvraj likely to open for confused india the first rays of sunlight bring with it the hope of a new day, a new beginning and a new start to a life gone awry for a while. the indian team, having had a nightmarish start to a new cricket season, hopes
3			exchange	trading	stock	share			swedish stock exchange halts trading trading in shares of swedish health care company gambro ab were halted monday by the stockholm stock exchange amid a report that a us company was poised to buy one of its units.
4			standard			radiation and drug combo help with prostate cancer men with prostate cancer that doesn't appear to have spread have better survival chances when they get short term hormone treatment along with standard radiation, rather than radiation alone, a small study found. almost five years after treatment, six men in the radiation only study group died of prostate cancer; none of the men who got combined treatment died of prostate cancer...
1			party	opposition	killing			explosions at protest rally in bangladesh kill 9 several explosions ripped through a bangladeshi opposition party rally here on saturday, killing at least 9 people and wounding as
4			technology			poll: antiterror tech plans are flawed americans don 't believe the government is doing enough with technology to improve homeland security, according to a national survey conducted jointly by cnet news.
4			general	system			ge to buy spx fire detection unit general electric co. on monday said it would buy a fire detection systems business from spx corp. for nearly $ 1.4 billion in cash in a move to bolster its building and security systems unit.
4			concern	software			eu to rule tuesday on oracle's bid for peoplesoft european union regulators will decide tuesday whether oracle corp.'s hostile $ 7.7 billion bid for rival business software concern peoplesoft inc. can proceed, the eu's antitrust chief said friday.
1			leader	party	talk	final			dup studies devolution proposals the democratic unionist party 's executive has given its unanimous approval to leader ian paisley as he enters the final stage of talks aimed at restoring devolution to northern ireland.
4			system	value			navy deal may create more financial problems for eds electronic data systems corp. eds could be facing more rough waters with its $ 8.8 billion u.s. navy contract, as the it services provider delayed release of its third quarter results on monday pending a review of the value of its assets used on the deal.
4			system	investment	cell	fuel			daimlerchrysler, ford to invest in ballard fuel cell maker ballard power systems inc. on friday said exercised its right to call a $ 55 million canadian investment from daimlerchrysler ag and ford motor co.
1			concern	election			e voting machine crash deepens concerns a computer crash that forced a pre election test of electronic voting machines to be postponed was trumpeted by critics as proof of the balloting technology's unreliability...
2			run	license	sport	patriot			no flash in the plan remember this amazing run of patriots prominence. in decades to come, those who rewrite sports history are bound to tell the story with such poetic license that the record will have to be set straight.
4			system	fuel			airbus to launch a350 to rival boeing 7e7 the european aircraft manufacturer airbus is to launch a new plane, the a350, that will challenge the future boeing fuel efficient 7e7, airbus owners eads and bae systems announced friday.
4			generation			disney to support blu ray disney announced yesterday that it will support blu ray as its choice for the next generation optical format, instead of the hd dvd.
3			management	share			telstra announces $ 750m share buy back telstra corp has announced a $ 750 million off market share buy back as part of its capital management program. telstra expects to return $ 1.
4			leader	user	tool	suite			overture: so much more than pay per click so much more than pay per click overture is known for being the leader in per per click ppc .owned by yahoo, overture advertisers can reach over 80 of internet users. if you take a closer look and pop the hood, you'll find a whole suite of useful tools for ...
3			clothing	expense	sale	retailer			dressed for success men's clothing retailer offsets slow same store sales with tight expense controls.
1			president			anti secession law highlights beijing s suppression of taiwan: vp taipei, dec. 18 cna mainland china 's plan to legislate a so called anti secession law will only help the international community to better understand beijing 's ubiquitous suppression of taiwan, vice president annette lu said saturday.
2			team	president			barroso 'backs down' on eu vote the incoming eu commission president is to call for a delay in a crucial vote on his new team, reports say.
2			good	sport			nascar lifts ban on liquor ads on cars nascar lifted its ban on hard liquor ads on cars wednesday, easing restrictions aimed at cleaning up the image of a sport that traces its roots to good ol' boys running moonshine through the hills of georgia and the carolinas.
3			sale			amazon's electrifying sales apparently has greater sales in electronics than books for the very first time.
2			team	president			yeltsin 's grandson joins russian midland f1 team the russian backed midland formula one team planned for 2006 has hired the grandson of former russian president boris yeltsin as marketing director, kommersant daily newspaper said on wednesday.
4			developer			marvel sues city of heroes dev, publisher marvel is suing city of heroes publisher ncsoft and developer cryptic studios reports a recent article in usa today.
2			game	football			eskimos snap out of it and there 's plenty of joy in mudville now that the edmonton eskimos have snapped a three game losing skid and are playing .500 football again.
2			coach	club			neeskens sacked as nec nijmegen coach johan neeskens has been sacked as coach of nec nijmegen, the struggling dutch first division club said in a statement on monday. nec are 14th in the standings
2			football	hockey	victory	high	championship	sport			walpole's victory feels like old times certain programs are expected to compete for championships every year in local high school sports, such as catholic memorial in ice hockey and everett in football.
4			virus	software	feature	protection			nokia adds anti virus protection to new smart phone finnish mobile phone manufacturer nokia corp. will offer mobile anti virus software through f secure corp. as one of the features in its new nokia 6670 smart phone when it is released in october, the companies announced thursday.
4			developer	microsoft	project	source			sun microsoft deal raises open office questions microsoft corp. yesterday said it is looking to work more closely with developers of the open office open source project.
2			athletics	game	win			athletics: el guerrouj wins historic double over bekele hicham el guerrouj completed the first olympic 1500 5000 double since finn paavo nurmi 80 years ago on the penultimate day of the athens games on saturday.
2			medal	team	win			no gold for phelps as relay team falters mark spitz can rest easy. the best michael phelps can do is win seven gold medals at these olympics...
3			sale			intel corp. makes marketing push for centrino chip intel corp. on monday launched a global advertising campaign for its centrino notebook computer chips, aiming to boost sales of a brand that has brought the world's largest chip maker more than 3 billion in revenue since its start last year.
4			tool			web based tool helps voters find polls with most states reporting massive new voter registrations and many political observers worrying about potential voter confusion and allegations of fraud on nov.2, one organization has created a web based tool to answer questions and provide information.
2			team			japan cleans up as deadliest typhoon in decade kills at least 54 japan teams are searching for survivors after the country's deadliest typhoon in more than a decade killed at least 54 people as it crushed houses, overturned trains and left passengers stranded on flooded highways.
2			game	season			nintendo and sony square off in handheld game market sony and nintendo made separate product announcements ahead of the highly competitive holiday shopping season.
3			investment	profit	value			a new way to hedge your home's paper profit through an increasing number of new investments, you can take steps to limit future erosion of your home's value.
4			platform	application			mdm delivers directions on the go mdm today announced a new mobile travel solution application for palm os and other platform handhelds. directions on the go offers navigational assistance without the need for a gps or wireless connection.
4			drop	technology			hp drops plans to put compaq technology into hp ux hewlett packard co. said yesterday that it has abandoned plans to integrate a number of advanced technologies it acquired in its 2002 purchase of compaq computer corp.
1			president			disney board backed ovitz directors at walt disney nominated michael ovitz to serve on its board for three years at a 1996 meeting just weeks before forcing him out of his job as president, ovitz told a delaware court yesterday.
3			sale	holding			industry report: sotheby 's plans november sale sotheby 's holdings inc. almost quadrupled its guarantees to art collectors including philip berman 's heir and hester diamond in the last year as it gathered works for a november sale in new york and overtook
4			user	email	software	technology			yahoo buys email start up search outfit yahoo! has splashed out on an email software company that develops software technology that allows users to quickly search through mails and attachments.
1			politics	final	standard	president			power shift in china raises hope of better living standards, but ... chinese president hu jintao 's accession to full power and the final retirement of former president jiang zemin is being hailed as the start of a new era in chinese politics.
3			retailer			woolworths ordered to extend alh takeover deadline an independent takeovers panel has headed off woolworths attempts to force a resolution in the takeover battle for liquor retailer australian leisure and hospitality alh .
1			election			96,000 jobs added to payrolls last month employers added 96,000 jobs to payrolls in september, the government announced friday, a surprisingly weak total in the last report before the nov. 2 election.
4			file	software	trading	vendor			grokster case set for supreme court the u.s. supreme court on friday agreed to hear a case focusing on whether peer to peer p to p software vendors should be penalized for unauthorized file trading when their software is used.
4			grid	application	computing			eu pledges $ 63 million for grid computing grants aim to accelerate european research into business applications of shared computing.
4			upgrade	linux	application	hardware			latest mandrake linux distro screams into action mandrakesoft has introduced mandrakelinux 10.1 official with the promise that its latest distribution provides extended support for mobile devices, better hardware compatibility, and major application upgrades.
3			sale			jo ann stores threading water sales are flat for the company, but the valuation still appears to be fair.
4			user	patent	microsoft	software			microsoft expands software indemnification program microsoft is expanding its indemnification program for windows and other software products in order to shield users from legal claims and patent disputes.
1			leader	regime	country	president	britain	opposition			'we want regime change', zimbabwe opposition leader tells britain zimbabwe's main opposition leader took his campaign against president robert mugabe to britain, rallying expatriates and declaring their destitute southern african country ready for regime change .
4			system			computer problem cancels lufthansa flights frankfurt lufthansa canceled about 60 european flights and its services around the world were delayed on thursday after a computer fault in its check in system, the german airline said.
4			volcano	mount	technology			new technology helping volcanologists geologist david johnston wouldn 't have died on mount st. helens today. new equipment developed since the 1980 eruption of the volcano has made it possible for volcanologists
4			israel	project	technology			boston's beth israel to pilot pango's asset tracking technology when the asset tracking project goes live on oct. 1, the hospital expects to be able to better track patients, clinicians and critical equipment.
4			integration			peoplesoft executive gupta departs a peoplesoft executive who oversaw the company 's products and its integration with jd edwards departed from the company this week, a company representative confirmed friday.
2			team	captain	jean	coach	cup			garrison gets new contract; king retires zina garrison was given a one year contract to stay on as us fed cup captain, while billie jean king retired tuesday as a coach for the team.
4			software	microsoft			microsoft helps in bogus degrees case some sleuthing by software giant microsoft corp. helped track down two brothers who authorities say sold bogus college degrees over the internet, including an mba that was issued to a housecat.
2			game			christmas comes early for gamers november is proving to be a bumper month for computer games and it is not over yet.
4			system			air force contract has windfall potential eight government contractors are readying to vie for specific task orders to update the air force's communication systems under an umbrella contract worth up to $ 9b.
4			hit	system	technology	generation			handhelds a hit for thanksgiving with the unveiling of the new nintendo ds handheld system, consumers were greeted with what has been touted as the most innovative gaming technology we ve seen this generation.
3			chain			krispy kreme posts net loss after charges struggling doughnut shop chain krispy kreme doughnuts inc. on monday reported an unexpected quarterly net loss because of impairment charges and store closing costs.
2			player	game	club			women encouraged to become players in video game industry jennifer canada knew she was entering a boy's club when she enrolled in southern methodist university's guildhall school of video game making.
1			party	democrat	gain	election			small steps hong kong democrats made only modest gains in elections for the territorys legislative council yesterday, leaving pro beijing parties with an overall majority.
1			parliament	election	party	president	second			president's party leads kazakhstan voting president nursultan nazarbayev's party took an early lead in parliament elections sunday, and his daughter's new party was running second, lending credence to suspicions of plans for a family dynasty.
4			system	content			turner to provide content for net tv co. akimbo systems inc., a startup that plans to deliver video over the internet to television sets, has signed a deal for mainstream content from time warner inc.
3			system	earnings			eds again postpones q3 earnings report an ongoing review of its navy marine corps intranet nmci contract has forced embattled services provider electronic data systems corp. eds to again postpone its financial report for its third fiscal quarter, the company said wednesday. eds also announced its audit committee is conducting an internal investigation on a separate matter.
4			use	technology	copy			sony abandons copy control music cds sony corp.'s music unit is abandoning its cds that use built in technology that limits copying them, after pushing the program for two years.
4			microsoft	system	tool	management	wrap	feature			microsoft wraps up mom 2005 management tool microsoft operations manager 2005 offers new features such as graphical systems views and enhanced reporting tools, and has been designed to be easier to deploy than its predecessor.
4			source	switch			paris report: open source move could be costly a complete switch would mean significant additional costs without improving the service provided, a french official says.
3			investor	jean			vivendi and its former boss fined the french media giant and its former chief executive jean marie messier are each fined 1m euros for misleading the public and investors.
4			design			new national indian museum is native by design from the wetlands out front to the undulating exterior, the new national museum of the american indian in washington, d.c., is built on native ideas. i includes photo gallery. i
4			system	linux	alternative	use	version			pda news alternative oses, palmone disses cobalt, european treo ... cnet reports that palmone has evaluated versions of microsofts windows mobile as well as linux based operating systems for use in its products.
2			use	player	play			sony and mp3, together at last before sony brought out its new nw hd3, it didn 't have a hard drive based digital audio player that could play mp3s. this was a shame, because while apple makes some great mp3 players, it could use some credible competition.
4			scientist	technology			news: technology already exists to stabilize global warming existing technologies could stop the escalation of global warming for 50 years and work on implementing them can begin immediately, according to an analysis by princeton university scientists. princeton university press release
1			leader			is google ready to browse? a google web browser is the latest in the never ending speculation about what search leader google inc. is going to do next after raising $ 1.
3			profit			future looking up for flamel as the nanotech biotech company earns a profit, keep an eye on two drugs in phase 3 trials.
4			lab	supercomputer	ibm	vendor			ibm claim to own fastest supercomputer the fact that non us vendor like nec had the fastest computer was seen as a big challenge for us computer industry, said horst simon, director of the supercomputing centre at lawrence berkeley labs in california.
4			software	management	content			xerox updates doc software, signs up hsbc and boeing xerox corp. has won several new document services deals and updated its content management and workflow software, it announced tuesday.
1			talk	president	minister			govt for early resumption of talks president president chandrika bandaranaike kumaratunga received norwegian foreign minister jan petersen at the president 's house yesterday on his return from kilinochchi.
1			race	country	party	win	president			pri wins 2 state races in mexico; 2 uncertain the country 's former ruling party remained locked in a duel with the party of president vicente fox in two state gubernatorial races late monday, after winning two others over the weekend.
2			coach	season			navy starts fast a 3 0 start hasn't skewed navy's view of where their season can go if they lose focus according to coach paul johnson.
4			system	software	vendor			sungard will spin off disaster recovery unit software and services vendor sungard data systems inc. today announced plans to split into two companies early next year, spinning off a disaster recovery services unit
4			un	technology			un wants iran freeze uranium enrichment work demands from the un atomic watchdog agency that it freeze all work on uranium enrichment, a technology that can be used for nuclear weapons.
3			shareholder	management			ca shareholders back management over bonuses issue computer associates international inc. ca avoided a revolt at its annual meeting on wednesday, when shareholders voted down a proposal requesting that the company 's board adopt a policy of revoking executive
4			gate	microsoft	country	technology	access			microsoft's bill gates in paris to seal unesco partnership, meet chirac paris ap microsoft corp. chairman bill gates signed a co operation agreement with unesco on wednesday to improve access to computers, the internet and information technology training in developing countries.
4			user	software	vendor	licensing			study: software vendors, users at odds over licensing software publishers and users are at odds about software licensing, according a study released monday.
4			human	technology			a stranger in the mirror: should doctors transplant faces? the technology for human facial transplants exists, but ethicists are worried about using it.
3			good	earnings			earnings watch richemont sees significant h1 lift, unclear on fy 2:53 am et london swiss luxury goods maker richemont zz:zz:001273145: news, chart, profile , which also is a significant
2			medal	team			team gb hoping for more olympic success team gb will be hoping for more of the same at the olympics today after finally delivering on the big stage with a four medal haul.
2			race			surfers paradise: shootout pirtek racing 's marcos ambrose won a fiery first race of the gillette v8 supercar challenge at this year 's lexmark indy 300, clashing heavily with kmart racing 's young gun rick kelly both during and after the race on the gold coast today.
2			game	sale			ea sees girl power boost with 'sims 2' sales p p p by bernhard warner p p london reuters video game giant electronic arts expects to sell 2 million units of the sims 2 video game this year in europe, proving skeptics wrong that you can't build a market around female gamers. p
4			software			oracle reaches takeover deal with peoplesoft software maker peoplesoft inc. announced monday that it had agreed to be acquired by oracle corp. in a 10.3 billion deal, ending one of the longest and nastiest takeover battles in recent corporate history.
4			technology			disney backs sony 's blu ray dvd format it is being billed as the dvd equivalent of the betamax versus vhs video format battle of the early 1980s. disney announced yesterday it has signed up to sony 's blu ray technology for the
1			leader	democrat	president			frist urges democrats to stop filibusters senate majority leader bill frist on thursday urged democrats to stop blocking president bush's federal court nominees and hinted that he may try to change senate rules to thwart their delaying tactics.
4			system	crm	vendor			eds picks siebel as its preferred crm vendor electronic data systems corp. eds is beginning to implement a new vendor relationship strategy emphasizing deeper alliances with fewer vendors.
2			race			hispanics resist racial grouping by census over the last three decades, the number of hispanics choosing some other race has surged rapidly, making it the census bureau's fastest growing racial category.
3			holding			hollinger inc. director rohmer may leave board, post reports richard rohmer, a friend of conrad black and director of black 's holding company, hollinger inc., may resign from the board as early as next week because he 's tired of dealing with complex
2			hit	game			quest for holy grail of game controllers the quest for a wireless, robust video game controller is a hit and miss task, says columnist daniel etherington.
4			cell			us mulls ending ban on airplane cell phone calls us telecom regulators began on wednesday to ponder whether ending a ban on in flight cell phone calls would jeopardize safety or simply vex other passengers.
3			growth	profit			ericsson returns to quarterly profit as world markets show growth swedish telecommunications equipment maker ericsson reported a return to net profit in the third quarter, lifted by healthy growth in its international markets.
2			winner	champion	game			hammer winner still missing the international olympic committee ioc said today it was still trying to find hungarian olympic hammer champion adrian annus, who is suspected of having tampered with his athens games doping sample.
1			leadership	high			taiwan 's acer inc. reshuffles leadership taiwanese high tech giant acer inc. on wednesday announced a leadership reshuffle and the retirement of stan shih the company 's founder and a major figure in taiwan 's bid to dominate the personal computer industry.
4			space	lab			swift blasts off on dying star mission swift, a satellite space lab that will hunt and study the most violent explosions ever seen in the universe, has finally launched from cape canaveral.
2			winner	race			no winner in the race is on jimmie johnson 's joy in winning the subway 500 at martinsville va. sunday was dampened by news of the crash of plane belonging to hendrick motorsports owner rick hendrick in which 10 people died.
2			game			gamer buys $ 26,500 virtual land a gamer spends $ 26,500 on a virtual island that exists only in a pc role playing game.
2			game			thanou missed rendezvous with destiny but instead of replacing marion jones as olympic 100 metres gold medallist, thanou did not even take part in the athens games after missing two pre games drugs tests.
4			app	ibm	management	feature	server	standard	application			ibm overhauls websphere app server ibm wednesday introduced a significant overhaul to its websphere j2ee application server, with new support for standards based messaging protocols, better management features and enhancements to improve availability of applications, according to an ibm
2			lockout	management	season	nhl	player	sport			nhl lockout begins the nhl is locking out its players starting today, threatening to keep the sport off the ice for the entire 2004 05 season and perhaps beyond in an effort by management to effect massive change in the sport 's economic structure.
3			growth	high	sale	retailer			boots sales get a drenching high street retailer boots reported a cooling in sales growth yesterday after disappointing summer weather stalled demand for suncare products.
4			good	generation			enjoy the arctic while it 's still here the next time you step outside, take a good long look around. what you will see is how the arctic has looked for at least 10,000 years and you may be among the last of the many generations who can say they have seen it that way.
4			war	feature	technology			is search about to be amazoned? has entered the search engine wars with the debut of the site, which relies on google search technology, includes personalization features like a running log of sites visited
3			shareholder			eisner denies seeing ovitz as threatening lawyers for plaintiffs in a shareholder suit over michael s. ovitz's $ 140 million severance package from the walt disney co. suggested on wednesday that disney chief executive michael d. eisner may have viewed his former protege as threatening.
1			president			nasdaq chief sees changes ahead nasdaq plans to list itself on its own national market by the end of the year, president and chief executive robert greifeld said wednesday.
3			profit	stock			nortel to cut 3,500 jobs to boost profits nortel networks corp. earned stock market applause on thursday as it slashed more jobs, released on target profit estimates, and took steps to clean up its accounting mess.
4			software	microsoft	version			microsoft to argue eu antitrust order damages its trademarks microsoft corp., the world 's largest software maker, will tell a european union judge the eu 's antitrust ruling forcing the company to offer a version of windows without a video and music
4			desktop	tool	file	application			screenshot 3 of 4: google desktop search tool google unveils its first desktop application for searching through personal files on the pc and through a person's web history.
3			chain			hyatt to buy amerisuites hotel chain hyatt corp. on thursday said it agreed to buy amerisuites, an upscale limited service hotel chain that it said would complement its full service portfolio.
4			system	microsoft			microsoft distributes xp security update microsoft corp. says it has distributed about 106 million copies of its major security update for the windows xp operating system.
3			share			china temporarily suspends ipos china said tuesday it will temporarily suspend initial public offerings until it comes up with new rules on share offer pricing. the china securities regulatory commission
4			content	application	technology			cisco picks up p cube for $ 200 million application and subscriber aware technology solutions like p cube 's provide the ability to differentiate and control new content based data services.
4			space	ship	technology	storage			seagate ships 400gb hard disk drive seagate technology llc said yesterday that it has started shipping a hard disk drive, targeted at pcs, that offers 400gb of storage space.
4			user	content			search providers seek video, find challenges internet search providers are reacting to users' rising interest in finding video content on the web, while acknowledging that there are steep challenges that need to be overcome.
4			software			update: eu okays oracle bid for peoplesoft the european commission concluded that there's insufficient evidence that the takeover would cause competitive harm in the business software sector.
1			election			florida vote is calm, for once a strange thing happened in florida this week. a primary election took place, and observers found few reasons to complain or question the results. but some say november's national election may be a different story. by jacob ogles.
1			leadership	gain			analysis: gop pushes corporate tax breaks after adding a host of special interest tax cuts aimed at garnering support from individual senators for the overall bill, the congressional republican leadership is poised to gain
4			nation	system	technology	james	computing			fixing a busted it research system james foley, chairman of the computing research association, says major trouble stalks the nation's technology education pipeline.
4			development			chinese economy sets for soft landing in 2005: adb china will succeed in cooling off an overheated economy and achieve a soft landing, according to a major asian development bank adb report released on wednesday.
2			game			steam update valve updated the steam site with a bit of news regarding steam and half life 2 support: a small number of half life 2 customers have been experiencing problems while playing the game, and we have traced these issues to corrupt steam
2			franchise	game	team			jets go into bye week with sense of accomplishment so the new york jets won their first two games. big deal, right? for this franchise, it is huge. the jets are 2 0 for just the eighth time since the team 's inception in 1960.
4			system	software	standard	adobe			adobe plans new format for digital photos adobe systems inc. plans to introduce a new format for digital photos on monday in an attempt to create an industry public standard to make the archiving and editing process compatible across all types of cameras and photo software.
4			speed	networking	technology	high	switch			hp to sell voltaire's infiniband switch signs deal to resell cluster related switches that employ the high speed networking technology.
2			sport	generation			ford launches its all new 2005 mustang ford motor co. launched its all new 2005 mustang on monday, the fifth generation of the iconic sports car the company sorely needs to help lift sluggish u.s...
3			sale	card			getting a piece of a dvd windfall the unexpected windfall from dvd sales have become the wild card in hollywoods negotiations with the screen actors guild.
2			coach			investigators find steroids a search of a warehouse used by the coach at the center of a doping scandal involving the country's star sprinters uncovered small amounts of anabolic steroids.
2			title			germany could lose equestrian gold germany, stripped of two equestrian golds in athens, will almost certainly lose a third title after two of its show jumping horses failed dope tests.
2			good	profit	holding	sport			russell's a good sport if it can keep integrating buys and grow profits, this looks like a company worth holding.
4			software	microsoft	engineer			microsoft ceo: hackers getting smarter microsoft corp.'s chief executive believes it's naive to suggest the software giant can eliminate all security vulnerabilities in its various products even though engineers are trying hard to do so.
2			basketball	football	fall	game	sport			mountain west changes tv networks mountain west conference football and basketball games will move from espn to college sports television in the fall of 2006.
2			franchise	coach			hollins will take over as interim coach memphis grizzlies coach hubie brown has retired and assistant lionel hollins has been named interim coach, has learned. brown, who became the sixth head coach in franchise history on nov. 12, 2002
1			leader	party	president			china 's annual communist party policy meeting begins amid rumors ... leaders of china 's communist party have opened a four day plenum amid reports of internal jockeying between supporters of president hu jintao and former president jiang zemin.
4			system			eds may cut 20,000 jobs over the next two years electronic data systems corp. eds plans to lay off between 15,000 and 20,000 employees over the next two years as part of an effort to slash $ 3 billion in costs, the company's chairman and chief executive officer michael jordan said thursday during a question and answer session at a conference.
4			user	text	feature			yahoo jazzes up mobile search yahoo jazzes up mobile search google sms started serving search results to mobile users in the us just a few days back. now yahoo! follows it with even more comprehensive feature set. google sms is currently text based for the results; yahoo! jazzes them up with maps, website icons, as well ...
4			upgrade	chain	retailer	technology			hp bags orders from 7 eleven, publix hewlett packard said friday that it has won a $ 55 million, five year contract from retailer 7 eleven to upgrade the technology at the convenience store chain.
2			play	franchise			coleman, holmes play role reversal free safety marcus coleman expected to be chasing all pro running back priest holmes around on the field sunday. coleman returned an interception a franchise record 102
1			leader	president			namibians to choose new leader namibians began voting on monday for a successor to founding president sam nujoma, who stands down in march after 15 years in charge.
4			microsoft	good	technology	alternative	source	version			mozilla outfoxing microsoft firefox is catching fire pardon the pun and for good reason. web surfers looking for a reliable alternative to microsoft's nasdaq: msft news internet explorer have been busy over the last month downloading the new version of the web browser. the mozilla foundation, a network of programmers jointly developing open source technology, reports more than 8 million people have downloaded the program since early november.
4			platform	share	space	software	technology			intel strikes up tri band wireless technology for centrino intel, looking to maintain mind share and market share in the mobile pc space, said thursday it will begin shipping new, tri band wireless functionality in its centrino platform next month and will boost software and security support.
2			fan	game			angry fans in gymnastics protest they were expressing their frustration at what turned into the latest of several games gymnastics judging controversies. in a surreal scene unlike anything gymnastics veterans had ever encountered, jeers and
2			stock	sport			fishing just for fun damages stocks, study finds people fishing for sport are doing far more damage to us marine fish stocks than anyone thought, accounting for nearly a quarter of the
4			user	system	symantec			symantec adds threat data to managed security services beginning next week, users who pay symantec to manage their security infrastructures will be able to get extensive information on global cyberthreats and threats particular to their it systems.
4			system	mac	feature	price			mac os x rock solid the macintosh, with its os x operating system, is rock solid, writes walt mossberg for the wall street journal. it is elegant, and when you do a feature by feature price comparison with windows competitors it 's surprisingly affordable. dec 09
3			good			aggregators: changing the way you book travel online for many travelers, booking a vacation online is like going on a virtual scavenger hunt. they pick up a hotel at one site, search two others for a good airfare, and then turn to two more to compare rental car costs.
3			stock			oracle sets new deadline on peoplesoft bid oracle has again pushed back the expiration date on its offer for peoplesoft stock.
2			football	team	offensive	high	sport			needham tackle now playing for harvard andrew brecher, a three sport athlete at needham high school, is now a sophomore at harvard university, where he is a backup offensive tackle on the varsity football team.
2			coach	season			new mexico state fires coach tony samuel new mexico state coach tony samuel was fired wednesday after leading the aggies to just two winning seasons in eight years.
2			sport	top	second			nascar glance 1. kurt busch. he has scored nine consecutive top 15 finishes, including his second fifth place effort in a row in the ea sports 500 at talladega superspeedway on sunday.
4			system			crying out when a child cannot a man has invented a car alarm system that he thinks could save some of the children who die after being shut inside cars on warm days.
3			growth			arm buys us semiconductor group artisan for $ 913 million arm said the deal would better position the combined company to take advantage of growth opportunities across multiple industries as the process of designing semiconductors grows increasingly complex.
4			content	sharon	side	software	upgrade	management	technology	project			yikes! i have to plan an it project after covering technology for two decades, computerworld's sharon machlis gets a taste of life on the it side of the house when she joins a committee designing and selecting software for a content management upgrade.
3			ship	sale	retailer			retail stores feel the pinch of cargo caught in transit limbo retailers gearing up for their annual sales push are being forced to wait thanks to a backup of cargo ships, railroads and truck lines.
3			value			deficit widens at directv directv group, the largest satellite television programmer, has said that its loss widened considerably in the third quarter because of a one time charge to write down the value of two satellites.
3			investor			dollar edges up vs euro, lows in sight the dollar inched up but stayed in sight of record lows against the euro on thursday, as investors took a break from pummeling the dollar after showing little interest in a mixed bag of u.s. economic data.
4			system	flaw	vulnerability			ie flaw affects windows xp sp2 systems the highly criticial vulnerability affects internet explorer 5.01, 5.5, and 6 on fully patched pcs running either windows xp sp1 or the newer sp2.
1			president			philosopher derrida dies in paris at 74 world renowned thinker jacques derrida, a founder of the school of philosophy known as deconstructionism, has died, the office of french president jacques chirac said saturday. derrida was 74.
3			growth			leather industry under threat despite rapid growth in recent years, china 's leather industry still needs to improve the competitiveness to better weather possible impacts from growing international trade barriers, senior industry officials said.
3			sale			on 38th floor, a $ 9 million sample sale pierre berg's 38th floor apartment in the pierre hotel is a sumptuously furnished pied terre in the sky. but, after 26 years, he is selling the five room apartment.
4			technology			the virtual girlfriend is here hong kong citizens famously told a survey last year they were too busy with work for relationships; now a new technology will enable them to go dating using their famous passion for mobile phones.
3			stock	share			sergey, larry, and eric plan to sell some stock michael liedtke at the ap reports that sergey brin, larry page and eric schmidt plan to sell some shares of goog. the co founders of google, larry page and sergey brin, each plan to sell as many as 7.2 million
3			investment	sale			report: mci hires advisers for possible sale mci inc. has hired three investment banks and a law firm to help the telecommunications company quietly search for potential buyers, according to a published report monday.
4			user	microsoft	system	microsystems			sun gets microsoft friendly with promotion sun microsystems inc. has found one more way to cozy up to users of microsoft corp. products without actually shipping the windows operating system on its computers.
3			investor	fund	share			calif. retirement fund tenders peoplesoft shares calpers joins group of big peoplesoft investors backing a $ 9.2 billion oracle buyout.
3			investor	fund			funds: warning signs for fund investors of the more than 8,000 funds available to investors, some are downright stinkers. fortunately, it's usually easy to identify the worst of them.
3			general	sale			gm's made in china cadillacs in early '05 general motors, the world's largest automaker, will start selling its first made in china cadillacs in early 2005 in a market it expects eventually to account for a fifth of global sales of the luxury brand.
2			game			greek duo quit olympics the two greek sprinters who missed drug tests prior to the start of the athens olympics today withdrew from the games.
1			leader	minister	party	prime	british	opposition			uk party leaders target climate the british prime minister and the leader of the opposition are both to sound the alarm over climate change.
4			cell	technology	fuel			breakthrough in hydrogen fuel research dr joseph hartvigsen l of ceramatex, inc, holds a fuel cell during a news conference nov. 29 at ceramatex advanced materials electrochemical technologies in salt lake city.
1			leader	conflict	nation	president			amid protests, fox touts successes mexico leader tries to reassure nation amid a welter of mass demonstrations and political conflicts, president vicente fox used his annual state of the union address yesterday to try to assure mexicans that their raucous, evolving democracy is on the right path.
3			finance			parmalat: ft, bondi wants 1 bln dollars from italian banks rome, 15 dec the special commissioner for parmalat enrico bondi is ready to present over the next few days legal action seeking to recover over a billion dollars from dozens of italian banks which aided the company 's finances before its
3			profit	retailer	price			wild oats, pathmark warn on results natural and organic foods retailer wild oats markets inc. and pathmark stores inc. both warned on monday that their full year results would miss wall street forecasts because profit margins were being squeezed by aggressive price cuts.
3			share	investor	top	fund	investment			peoplesoft investors split votes on deal two top stakeholders in takeover target peoplesoft inc., tipped their hands on tuesday, with one investment fund saying it will tender its shares for oracle corp.'s 8.8 billion hostile bid while another pledged against it.
4			technology			hi, i'm your car. don't let me distract you. automakers are pitching hands free technology as a safe way to rein in the expanding clutter of gadgetry, but these devices are probably not as safe as you think.
3			chain			radioshack, sprint in mall kiosk venture radioshack corp. rsh.n: quote, profile, research , the no. 3 us electronics chain, on tuesday said it has signed a deal with sprint corp.
4			technology			tech spending looks up in asia, e.europe spending in eastern europe and asia is expected to lead a recovery in the global technology market over the next three years, according to an industry report released tuesday.
2			stadium	game			let the games athens as the delay plagued build up to the olympics illustrated, the greeks aren 't exactly known for organization and punctuality. but now that stadiums, new metro lines, beautified city squares and a vast ...
2			play	player	high			update 1: toshiba, memory tech develop new dvd two japanese companies said tuesday they have developed a dvd that can play on both existing machines and the upcoming high definition players, raising hopes for a smooth transition as more people dump old tv sets for better screens.
4			un	technology			iran says u.n. nuclear ban 'illegal' iran said sunday that demands from the u.n. atomic watchdog agency that it freeze all work on uranium enrichment technology that can be used for nuclear weapons were illegal.
2			team	race	marlin	card			marlins' burnett to miss next start florida marlins right hander a.j. burnett will miss his next scheduled start because of elbow inflammation, an ailment that could hurt the team's chances in the nl wild card race.
4			technology	vendor	storage			quantum buys certance for $ 60m tape storage vendor quantum corp. announced this week that it has acquired certance llc, a maker of a competing tape drive technology for $ 60 million in cash.
3			growth	profit			first profit since 2000 for lucent telecommunications equipment maker recorded its first annual profit fueled by rapid growth in its wireless telephone division.
3			stock	share			lojack buys canadian tracking company lojack corp., which makes devices for recovering stolen cars, agreed to buy boomerang tracking inc. for about $ 48 million to expand into canada. lojack will pay about $ 4.32 a share in cash or a combination of cash and stock for the montreal maker of stolen vehicle recovery equipment, lojack said. westwood based lojack also gets boomerang's cash balance of $ 12 million...
4			system	siemens	speed	vendor			siemens claims wireless speed record german vendor develops experimental system that transmits data at 1 gbps using a new antenna system and ofdm. by mobile pipeline news.
4			infrastructure			outsourcing's next big thing malaysia? the country's infrastructure makes it an attractive candidate for offshore work, a research company says.
4			science	hurricane	technology			hurricane charley's force took experts by surprise hurricane charley's 145 mph force took forecasters by surprise and showed just how shaky a science it still is to predict a storm's intensity even with all the latest satellite and radar technology. most major hurricanes become major by going through a rapid intensification...
1			talk			burma to relaunch democracy talks burma sets a new date for a constitutional conference seen as a first step towards democracy.
3			investor	share			last call for investors to bid on google time is running out for prospective investors to submit their offers to buy shares of google inc, the web's no. 1 search company.
3			listing	stock			chinese tv maker sets sights on europe urged on by china's government and armed with credit from state owned banks and stock market listings, many chinese manufacturers are going global.
1			tension			o'connor extols role of international law justice sandra day o'connor extolled wednesday the growing role of international law in u.s. courts, saying judges would be negligent if they disregarded its importance in a post sept. 11 world of heightened tensions.
3			sale			justices to hear arguments on interstate wine sales the supreme court will soon hear arguments in a legal case that may decide whether wineries can sell directly to out of state consumers.
4			tool	system	upgrade	development			sun readies tools line for solaris 10 development tools for upcoming upgrade to unix operating system will be coming soon.
4			shareholder	software			oracle gives peoplesoft shareholders more time deadline extended while the software maker waits for a ruling in justice department's antitrust case.
1			crisis			states pocketbooks are fuller, but health costs stall recovery the fiscal condition of the states improved this year, but soaring health costs have made it difficult for them to recover from the worst fiscal crisis in six decades, the national governors association said thursday.
4			speed	broadband			livewire: beep! beep! ultra fast broadband is here for rainer kinnunen, life has been a bit of a blur since he signed up for a superhigh speed internet service three years ago.
3			profit			rim continues long string of profitable quarters research in motion limited rim has reported the results of its most recent financial quarter. both revenue and profits were higher than the previous quarter.
4			software	mac	application	developer			blackberrys sync with mac os x software developer information appliance associates announced thursday the release of an application synchronizing research in motion 's blackberry devices with apple 's mac os x.
4			system			vonage in deal with cisco in subscriber push internet phone service vonage on tuesday said it has struck a deal with cisco systems inc. csco.o: quote, profile, research to sell vonage ready equipment at hundreds of retail stores in a bid to boost new subscriptions.
4			computing			a simpler conversion a new ira conversion rule will let you ignore minimum distributions in computing threshold incomes.
2			playoff	baseball	card	sport			when it comes to the playoffs, the more the merrier is my ... of all the changes in sports, the one that fundamentalists have the hardest time accepting is the addition of the wild card in baseball.
1			party	coalition	prime	minister			lithuanian pm predicts he will lead next govt lithuanian prime minister algirdas brazauskas predicted on sunday he could form a new coalition, shrugging off a challenge from a party some
2			play			randall rallies no. 22 va. tech virginia tech just couldn 't seem to get going. there were turnovers. there were botched plays. there were missed opportunities.
1			general	election	parliament	president			kazakhs vote in general election kazakhstan chooses a new parliament currently dominated by president nazarbayev's supporters.
3			investor	share			bayer, lanxess spin off ratio is set investors in germany's bayer will get one share in chemicals and polymers spin off lanxess for every 10 bayer shares held, a german newspaper said, valuing lanxess at nearly 1.6 billion euros $ 1.97 billion .
4			exchange	software	stock	system			sungard spins off data availability unit sungard data systems will spin off its data recovery business as a separate company. the company 's software and services unit handles most trades on the nasdaq stock exchange.
2			champion	james	sport			cracknell to take a break from rowing double olympic rowing champion james cracknell is to take a year out of the sport but hopes to return to compete at the beijing olympics in 2008.
3			growth			singapore 's economy grows by 7.7 singapore 's economy slowed in the third quarter but still recorded growth of 7.7 year on year, the government said monday.
2			season			package deals one day, ed blain hopes to deliver sermons from the pulpit. this holiday season, he's happy to help sort packages.
1			party			document on cpc governance capability issued the communist party of china cpc sunday published a major policy document on enhancing the party 's governance capability, stressing it is a major strategic subject with a bearing on the success of china 's socialist cause, the future and destiny of the
4			auto	general	technology	fuel			general motors announces hybrid fuel bus program with saic us auto giant general motors has joined with shanghai automotive industry corporation saic to make a hybrid fuel bus in china next year to promote the technology for cleaner, more efficient vehicles, state press reported.
4			user	software	microsoft			ms offers real windows xp to users of counterfeit software a microsoft uk replacement scheme for pirate copies of windows xp suggests the company is testing the waters to see how feasible it is to convert sections of its unlicensed user base to legitimate users.
1			war			democratic rep. bob matsui dies at 63 rep. robert t. matsui of california, who spent time in an internment camp for japanese americans as an infant during world war ii and went on to serve 26 years in congress, has died of complications from a rare disease, his family said sunday.
1			president			chile 's lagos receives torture commission report chilean president ricardo lagos received a chilling report on wednesday from a government commission that interviewed more than 30,000 victims to chronicle
2			football	champion	play	season	bowl			stagg bowl to crown division iii champion brett elliott wanted to play football so much, he left utah for division iii linfield and a chance to spend his senior season on the field.
4			software			flexitronics acquires india 's future software singapore based electronics contract maker flexitronics has acquired telecom software solutions firm future software ltd for an undisclosed amount.
3			good			current account gap widens to record the u.s. current account deficit widened slightly to a record 164.71 billion in the third quarter as the goods trade shortfall grew and the services surplus shrank, the government said on thursday.
4			investment	software	hardware			intel puts more money in digital home the chipmaker announces new investments in five firms working on digital home related software and hardware.
1			president			thinnest imac ever makes paris debut a lot of people are going to ask, where did the computer go? says phil schiller, apple 's senior vice president of worldwide product marketing.
3			design	stock	holding			arm offers $ 913 million for chip component firm u.k. semiconductor design company arm holdings plc has agreed to acquire a sunnyvale, california, provider of components for chip manufacturing in a deal valued at around $ 913 million in cash and stock.
4			cell			array of cool innovations showcased at mobile tech show as co stars of an elite, wireless oriented tech show they were improbable indeed: a weed whacker, a blender and a boombox. their decibel assault at this year's 6th annual demomobile show was the perfect foil for its most celebrated product, a noise canceling cell phone headset called jawbone.
2			coach	team			gb boss defends swimmers britain's swimming coach bill sweetenham defends his team's record in athens.
2			medal	game			greece shamed again at their own games the greeks were shamed again at their own olympics on sunday when bronze medal weightlifter leonidas sampanis was kicked out after failing a dope test.
4			software	enterprise	java	source			kim polese returns as head of spikesource kim polese, the woman who coined the term java, has found a new job. at the web 2.0 conference herethursday, she will unveil a startup called spikesource that will provide enterprise support services for open source software.
4			microsoft	software	licensing			air force consolidates contracts, software the us air force last week announced an enterprisewide software licensing agreement with microsoft corp.
4			microsoft	developer			name? 's john borland lays out the issues with shelving microsoft 's insecure internet explorer with a non ms brower, such as firefox... the problem is that many web developers create their sites so they
4			content			eyetrack service lets us look at you looking at us you may not devote a great deal of thought to just how you go about digesting the content of web pages, but it can be of vital interest to the designer of a web site. eyetrack introduces visitors to both the means and results of measuring our most fundamental interaction with the internet.
1			leader	winner	politician	generation	election	party	win	latham	opposition			australian opposition leader to win campaign but lose election: analysts australian labor party leader mark latham may be tipped to lose saturday's election but he is being seen as a winner regardless of the outcome after a strong campaign performance marked him out as one of the leading politicians of his generation.
4			ibm	application	infrastructure			peoplesoft, ibm strike $ 1b deal for middleware san franciscopeoplesoft inc. on tuesday announced an expanded relationship with ibm that will effectively add a middleware infrastructure layer to peoplesoft 's applications.
1			president			eisner says he discussed ovitz hiring walt disney co. chief executive michael eisner testified tuesday that he discussed individually with directors bringing on michael ovitz as the entertainment giant 's president and reviewed the details of his
2			play	game	championship	second			can the irish pull the ultimate upset? the irish head into saturdays game with a 6 4 record and not much to play for. the trojans are undefeated and are chasing their second consecutive national championship.
4			system	game			activision, nielsen study impact of video game ads video game publisher activision inc. and nielsen entertainment, on monday said they were collaborating to produce a measurement system for corporate advertisers to compare the reach
4			grid	computing			sun has its head in the clouds sun has a laudable vision of the future of utility computing, where organisations with extra processing power can sell it back to a computing grid in the same manner that homes with solar panels can sell power back to the electrical power grid.
4			microsoft	technology			microsoft, intel spread digital joy companies are teaming up to bring their technology to your living room.
4			speed	system	networking	technology	use	high			airgo says linksys to use chips for wireless gear airgo networks said on monday the linksys unit of cisco system inc. will use its chips in equipment for high speed wireless networking, bolstering support for the start up chip maker's technology.
4			technology			biometric visa program is a victim of its own success, report says the state departments rollout of technology to capture biometric data from visa applicants has progressed more quickly than expected and the department will meet its sept.
2			title	championship	race	series	victory			ambrose seals v8 title ford driver marcos ambrose today sealed back to back v8 supercar championships with victory in the 100km opening race at the series grand finale.
3			trading	stock			the sound of gaining 100 in a day dynamic materials, with the stock symbol boom, was up 100 in early nasdaq trading.
2			fan	football			strike doesn 't paralyze turnpike pennsylvania turnpike managers and temporary workers held out their hands again yesterday to collect tolls from shoppers, football fans and end of thankgiving weekend
3			user	share			nokia launching 6670 business phone nokia unveiled a mobile phone for business users on thursday that incorporates a camera with a megapixel resolution, beefing up a patchy handset portfolio that has cost it market share.
2			football	master			fa show stern hand at last, some signs of life in the head master 's office. after a string of weak or wrong decisions, the football association beaks decided to take
2			run	cup	classic	sport			azeri to take on the boys in breeders cup classic grand prairie, tx sports network former horse of the year azeri will run against the boys saturday in the breeders cup classic.
3			share			sia ditches air nz stake singapore airlines, which splashed out $ 285 million on air new zealand shares four years ago, yesterday sold its stake in the national carrier for about $ 62 million.
2			game			photo 8 of 8: global gamers clash for cash $ 2.5 million in prize money is on the line as gamers from uzbekistan to ecuador compete in the world cyber games.
4			science	development			fossil in china may show ancient bird development, study says a fossilized bird embryo with feathers was found in northeastern china, which may be evidence that early birds were more developed at birth than their modern ancestors, according to a study in the journal science.
4			priority	hardware			sony begins mass production of oled screens com september 14, 2004, 10:45 am pt. with the economy slowly turning up, upgrading hardware has been on businesses radar in the past 12 months as their number two priority.
2			fan	country	sport			myskina leads a homegrown double the narrative of homegrown athletes triumphing over foreign opponents resonates with russian sports fans, reaffirming their conviction that their country 's athletes are no worse, and in many cases even better, than athletes abroad.
4			switch			concerto buys rockwell unit it 's the end of an era for both outbound and inbound call centers when concerto acquires the venerable firstpoint contact switch making operation from rockwell.
2			championship	patriot	football	fan	game			old college try from moreland earthwind moreland signed with the patriots aug. 5, but university of massachusetts football fans may have heard of him before that. he was a starting cornerback for the georgia southern squad that entered the 1998 division 1 aa national championship game undefeated and then lost to the minutemen, 55 43.
3			investor	shareholder	share			suit advances against investor in automaker billionaire investor kirk kerkorian must face a daimlerchrysler ag shareholder's claims that the businessman wrongfully sold shares in the automaker after obtaining insider information, a judge ruled.
1			president			bacardi ceo ferran to depart for family bacardi ltd. monday said president and chief executive officer javier ferran has resigned for family reasons after more than 18 years with the distiller.
3			value			sprint has 3rd qtr loss of $ 1.91 billion on network write down sprint corp., the third biggest us long distance carrier, had a third quarter loss of $ 1.91 billion on costs to write down the value of its telephone network as it shifts to reliance
3			chain			radioshack, sprint in mall kiosk venture radioshack corp. , the no. 3 u.s. electronics chain, on tuesday said it has signed a deal with sprint corp. to open wireless kiosks at malls nationwide.
2			play	victory			play off earns singh seventh victory of year now that he is no1 in the world, vijay singh clearly believes that the best way to stay there is to continue the form that got him there and secure victory by playing better than everyone in the field again.
2			party	game			athens throws paralympic party for largest games ever more than 3,800 disabled athletes gathered friday for the opening ceremony of the largest paralympics in the games 44 year history.
1			talk			mercosur, eu hope to meet trade deadline the south american trade bloc mercosur and the european union said after a ministerial meeting sunday they hope to conclude stalled talks about free trade agreement on time.
4			technique	use	technology			intel 65 nanometer chip to use less power intel 's 65 nanometer process technology will not be very different from its 90 nanometer process technology, which should help make for a smoother transition between the two manufacturing techniques in 2005, according to an intel manufacturing executive.
1			difference	election			us: us election makes blog the word of the year a four letter term that came to symbolise the difference between old and new media during this year 's presidential campaign tops us dictionary publisher merriam webster 's list of the 10 words of the year.
4			technology			google unfolds 3d mapping acquisition augmenting its technology assets and pushing into subscription services, google quote, chart announced today that it has acquired digital mapping specialist keyhole for an undisclosed sum.
3			share			boeing, amr agree on order delay news research shares slipped monday after the plane maker and amr amr :nyse news research agreed on a deal allowing the parent of american airlines to defer 54 of 56 aircraft originally scheduled for delivery between 2006 and
3			investor			the mgm approach: pay me first, sign the deal later so when a consortium of investors led by the sony corporation of america announced that it had reached a deal in principle to acquire metro goldwyn mayer for nearly $ 5 billion, it came
1			leader	parliament	region	president			african union are somalia 's warlords ready to loosen their iron ... a new dawn breaks over somalia. the interim somali parliament convened a special session in kenya and elected colonel abdullah yusuf ahmed, the self styled leader of the autonomous region of puntland, as the new interim somali president.
4			technology			frontbridge fills archiving gaps frontbridge technologies put its best foot forward with an acquisition and the launch of a new managed service, the company said monday.
4			science			extinct giant deer survived ice age, study says now a new study, published tomorrow in the science journal nature, suggests that another striking mammal, the irish elk, likewise lived way beyond the last ice age.
4			infrastructure	system	linux	file	application	storage			google hack for using gmail for file system storage gmailfs provides a mountable linux filesystem which uses your gmail account as its storage medium. gmailfs is a python application and uses the fuse userland filesystem infrastructure to help provide the filesystem, and libgmail to communicate with gmail. gmailfs supports most file operations such as read, write, open, close, stat, symlink, ...
4			generation			vodafone rolls out 3g mobile phone after a four year wait, billions of pounds spent on licences and numerous delays, vodafone finally rolled out mass market third generation 3g mobile telephone services on wednesday.
4			software	development			intelligence community looks at convera software software provider convera corp. of vienna was awarded $ 800,000 by a cia funded private venture group to expedite the development of its search and categorization capability.
2			player			hp unveils cavalcade of consumer products hewlett packard co. is unveiling a broad new line of consumer electronics products and peripherals, including its first plasma and lcd tvs, new inks that purportedly print long lasting photos, new paper, a clutch of printers and multifunction devices, and a home theater projector with an integrated dvd player.
4			user			firefox 1.0 makes flashy debut mozilla's new web browser is smart, fast and user friendly while offering a slew of advanced, customizable functions. by michelle delio.
1			election			presidential campaign to nov. 2, 2004 the following diary of events leading up to the presidential election on nov. 2.
1			party	election	country	opposition			zimbabwe 's opposition threatens to boycott elections zimbabwe 's main opposition party movement for democratic change mdc has threatened to boycott all elections in the country until the government implements real electoral
4			system			lidar laser radar finding more uses if you've ever been pulled over for speeding, you may already know something about lidar. a laser based radar system, lidar can tell if you're speeding by bouncing a light beam off your car and seeing how quickly it returns. from an airplane or a satellite, lidar can calculate the distance to the ground, and by repeating the process millions of times as it flies over, map the lay of the land.
3			management			update 1 ing to sell baring asset management financial group ing quote, profile, research has agreed to sell baring asset management bam to us groups massmutual and northern trust ntrs.
4			window	longhorn	microsoft	system	technology			winfs removal opens window of opportunity microsoft 's decision to axe winfs from longhorn provides the company with an opportunity to expand the technology to work with multiple systems.
4			microsoft	feature			will xp update give tablets a boost? xp based tablets have gotten a lukewarm reception so far. but microsoft hopes to tempt consumers with improved features.
4			patent	microsoft	infringement	technology			microsoft to court: eolas didn't invent patented tech an appeals court should throw out a half billion dollar patent infringement judgment against microsoft corp. because a lower court failed to recognize that the web browsing patent was based on a technology that was not invented by the company awarded the money, a microsoft lawyer argued thursday.
1			leader			frist: specter must prove himself for post sen. arlen specter must prove to his republican colleagues that he is the right man to head the senate judiciary committee in the next congress, senate majority leader bill frist said sunday.
3			investor	retailer			christopher banks disappoints the women's apparel retailer surprised investors with surprisingly bad q4 guidance.
4			design	technology	generation			a digital generation's analog chic yesterday's technology designs are becoming popular among those in their teens and 20's eager to usher back a time they experienced only barely, if at all.
3			chain	bankruptcy			hawaiian secures critical lease agreement with boeing hawaiian airlines has wrestled a lease agreement from boeing capital corp., after nearly two years of negotiations, adding a vital link in the chain of events as it attempts to get out of bankruptcy by the end of this year.
1			leadership	sale			boeing sales to get new leadership boeing announced a shake up in its executive ranks yesterday, ousting its chief airplane salesman at a time when rival airbus is beating it in airplane orders for the fourth consecutive year.
4			use	team	technology	moon			missile team targets the moon a us firm is proposing to use guided missile technology to make a precision landing on the moon.
1			talk			south americans make offer to eu on trade the south american trade bloc mercosur has made a new offer in a bid to advance stalled trade talks with the european union and clinch a trans atlantic free trade deal by an october deadline.
3			growth	export			australian economic growth slows australia 's economic growth eased in the third quarter to its weakest pace since late 2000 as sluggish exports dragged on the economy, raising doubts about the need for tighter monetary policy.
4			investor	optimism	stock	technology			tech investors see sunnier days ahead optimism that the embattled technology sector was ripe for a recovery sent stocks modestly higher yesterday, despite a new revenue warning from semiconductor company broadcom inc.
3			chain			children 's place to buy disney stores children 's place retail stores inc. on wednesday said it agreed to buy walt disney co. 's ailing chain of disney store in north america, giving children 's place added presence in the newborn to 10 year old market.
2			interview	game	pas			kobe takes on the hard questions bryant, in a taped interview on espn 's pardon the interruption on wednesday, did not elaborate much further about malone, who was accused of making a pass at bryant 's wife, vanessa, at a lakers game on nov. 23.
4			hardware	database	system	ibm	linux	server	ship	version			sybase server available on ibm linux hardware sybase inc. on tuesday said it plans to ship next year a version of its linux based database on ibm's eserver systems.
2			leader	fan	soccer	sport			spanish leaders denounce racial taunts by soccer fans in a move to protect spain 's image and bid for the 2012 olympics, spanish leaders stressed that its citizens and sports fans are not racist.
4			system	technology			voice over ip coming to nmci if plans by officials at the navy and eds work out, the navy marine corps intranet could soon become one of the largest systems using voice over ip technology in the world.
3			sentiment	sale	stock			stocks to open subdued ahead of sales data u.s. stocks are seen opening in a subdued mood with the release of august's retail sales report likely to influence overall sentiment...
4			software	broadband			outfoxed offered for remix the maker of a documentary about fox news offers raw footage of his film online for others to re edit into new 'mixes.' with the spread of broadband and cheap filmmaking software, film may become remixers' favored medium. by daniel terdiman.
3			strength	profit	finance			ford posts third quarter profit ford motor co. on tuesday reported a higher than expected quarterly profit on strength in its finance arm.
4			language	standard			rosettanet takes standards push to small firms singapore rosettanet, a consortium pushing to establish a universal e business language, is hoping to broaden its appeal to smaller companies by slashing the costs of standards adoption.
4			patent	share	technology	lawsuit			google to pay yahoo to settle patent dispute google inc. goog.o on monday again boosted the number of shares it plans to sell in its initial public offering, saying it will issue 2.7 million shares to yahoo inc. yhoo.o to settle a lawsuit over technology used to display ads.
4			gate	plot	supply	microsoft	system	ibm	software	computing			the man who could have been bill gates the saga of the computing industry is rich with outsize characters and surprising plot turns, but there's one story that has risen over time to mythic proportions. it's the tale of how software pioneer gary kildall missed out on the opportunity to supply ibm with the operating system for its first pc essentially handing the chance of a lifetime, and control of tech's future, to rival bill gates and microsoft corp. in the process, he may have missed out on becoming the world's richest man.
4			system	nation			faster check clearing benefits all of us a new law takes effect today that 's sure to have a positive impact on the nation 's payment system. it 's also likely to have an impact on those who pull out a checkbook when it 's time to pay the bills.
4			processor	server	core			intel silent on jayhawk replacement chip maker offers few details about its plans for dual core server processors.
3			good			japanese princess to marry the best friend of her brother japan 's imperial family finally had good news yesterday when it announced that the emperor 's only daughter is to marry. the news was greeted with joy in japan, where many had worried
2			team	night	win	kick	sport			formula one split widens over budgets team owners last night kick started a week of intense activity that will help to determine who wins control of one of the richest sports in the world.
3			investment			singapore and india to sign free trade pact in 2005 singapore : singapore and india are now ready to sign a wide raging economic agreement to boost trade and investment after resolving all outstanding issues, an official statement said.
1			election			tung issues caution over referendum on elections hong kong chief executive tung chee hwa yesterday warned lawmakers against backing a legislative motion calling for a referendum on direct elections, saying it would damage the territory 's harmonious atmosphere.
4			good	card	technology	retailer			holiday gift card giving gets more innovative from department store to discounter, retailers are using innovative technology and clever packaging to make shoppers feel good about giving the gift of plastic.
4			project			intel cancels tv chip project in another change of plans, semiconductor giant intel corp. canceled a project thursday to develop a chip for projection tvs and said it planned to focus its resources in other areas.
1			talk			silverstone date can be saved sir jackie sir jackie stewart is optimistic that silverstone can take its place on next years formula one calendar. talks between formula one chiefs and silverstones owners are understood to be at an advanced stage
3			investor			defrauded investors may soon get some payback a federal initiative to repay investors who lost money because of corporate wrongdoing and other misdeeds has amassed $ 2.6 billion in just two years and has played a role in almost 100 cases settled by federal regulators.
4			application			japan accused of illegal whaling in australia the conservation group, humane society international his , filed an application at the australian federal court on tuesday seeking a restraining order against the company involved.
1			leader	president			pair urges disney ceo search the leaders of the effort to oust michael eisner as chief executive of walt disney co. have called on the company's board to reject eisner's offer to retire in 2006 and his pick of president robert iger as his successor.
4			user	walk	hacker	microsoft	system	patch	technology			web page to help with installation of windows anti hacker security patch information technology systems and services itss has created a web page that will walk microsoft windows xp users on campus through a major update being released worldwide this month to make the operating system less vulnerable to computer hackers and ...
4			good	technology			canon introduces lcos projector new lens technology creates a versatile sub $ 5000 projector good for home theater or business.
2			club			davies appointed preston manager former motherwell manager billy davies was appointed preston 's full time boss monday after taking over the club last month on an interim basis.
4			software			peoplesoft flap may be hurting oracle 's image oracle 's hostile takeover bid for peoplesoft has fueled negative perceptions of the software company among corporate computer buyers, which could sap demand for its products, according to a report published on wednesday.
2			specie	sport			sport fishing a threat to saltwater species? new research indicates that sport fishermen are taking an unexpectedly big toll on saltwater fish populations, in some cases landing more fish than their commercial counterparts.
2			top	race	title	championship			rossi on verge of fourth premier world title phillip island melbourne : italian valentino rossi is within a top two podium finish of claiming his fourth consecutive premier class world title in the australian motogp championship race here on sunday.
4			developer			perrigo to buy agis, a maker of generic prescription drugs the perrigo company, the world's largest maker of store branded over the counter drugs, reached an agreement to buy agis industries, a developer and manufacturer of prescription generic drugs.
4			share	software	microsoft	code			microsoft to share office code microsoft corp would share the underlying software code for its office programme as part of its efforts to make governments more confident in the security and compatibility of the worlds largest software makers products.
4			worm	enterprise	system	ibm	virus	technology			ibm and cisco in enterprise security tie up ibm and cisco systems have unveiled product updates that will tie technology from the two companies more closely together in an effort to secure customer networks from worms and viruses.
3			investor	good	gain			global markets: u.s. treasuries pare gains u.s. treasuries pared gains on wednesday as investors read the latest u.s. durable goods orders as mildly positive despite lower than expected headline numbers.
4			user	aol	robot	enterprise	technology			aol makes aimbots available to enterprise users america online has had quite a bit of success with its aim robot aimbot technology, including one that feeds users news headlines or on demand news from the wall street
1			democrat	country	election			fec union election spending probe sought an anti union group is urging the federal election commission to investigate one of the largest unions in the country, claiming the service employees international union unlawfully spent workers' dues to elect democrats in last week's election.
3			trader	share			philippine shares end higher philippine shares ended marginally higher wednesday on a technical recovery, successfully shrugging off a sluggish performance at the start of the session caused by a sell off in metro pacific shares, traders said.
2			coach			gators are looking to past for future the search for a new coach at the university of florida should and will be a short one. former gators coach steve spurrier soon will be back in gainesville.
4			user			at wireless goes with ogo at wireless messaging device and service was unveiled, targeting teens and young adults who are heavy users of instant messaging im .
1			election			victorious on gun ban, nra looks toward elections with its battle to kill the decade long u.s. ban on assault weapons won, the national rifle association is now setting its sights on the nov. 2 presidential and congressional elections.
4			player	software	microsoft	version			microsoft tells judge of harm in changing windows microsoft corp will suffer serious harm if it is forced to provide a version of windows without windows media player audio visual software, its lawyer told a european union court on friday.
4			top	enterprise	good	technology	project			consumer goods: rfid tops to do list in consumer goods consumer goods companies top tech projects have often served as harbingers of the next wave of must have technologies. enterprise resource planning and customer relationship
2			team	race	marlin	card			marlins burnett to miss next start florida marlins right hander aj burnett will miss his next scheduled start because of elbow inflammation, an ailment that could hurt the team 's chances in the nl wild card race.
4			software	patch	database			oracle moves to monthly patching schedule after coming under criticism for sitting on patches for multiple holes in its database software, oracle has announced that it will move to a monthly patch release schedule, though it hasn't said when.
2			game			the weirdest games of 2004 our favorite genre busters will roll, creep, slither, bounce, and wriggle their way into your free time if you give them a try.
1			politician	nation			climate change already affecting the global environment, two ... global warming has had little noticeable impact in washington, dc politicians in the nation 's capital have been reluctant to set limits on the carbon dioxide
4			tom	technology			technology is seen as revolutionary step in telecommunications tom scheffler gets the same reaction whenever he takes consumers to an internet cafe to show them a different kind of phone service.
2			round	game	top			game begins at 12:00 pm et connecticut at washington eastern conference first round 12:00 pm edt washington ticker the top seeded connecticut sun attempt to continue their dominance of the washington mystics when
3			chain	team			memories and memorabilia all that 's left as expos set to leave ... the expos may be history, but their demise has heated up the market for team memorabilia. vintage 1970s and 1980s shirts are already sold out, but everything from caps, beer glasses and key chains to dolls of mascot youppi!
1			politics			saudis say politics, not religion, behind u.s. move prominent saudis dismissed u.s. accusations of severe violations of religious freedom in the kingdom and said on thursday that the criticisms were politically motivated.
4			patent	microsoft	file	technology			microsoft vows fight on patent rejection in a preliminary ruling, the government rejected microsoft corp. 's 1996 patent on technology for saving files on computers using easy to remember names.
4			system	team	switch			fujitsu and cisco team up for ip networks fujitsu limited and cisco systems, inc. today announced that they have reached a fundamental agreement to enter into a strategic alliance focusing on routers and switches that will enable service providers
3			good			cedia 2004: picks and pans here's what was good looking, butt ugly, and just plain annoying at the recent consumer electronics and home theater show.
4			ibm	prime	technology			ibm adds fingerprint sensor to thinkpads ibm has added biometric security to its thinkpad notebook line, claiming that the technology is now ready for prime time. ibm has added a fingerprint scanner to its t42 thinkpad notebook chassis and will offer
3			share			3com narrows q1 loss 3com coms: news, chart, profile reported a loss of $ 35.5 million, or 9 cents a share, compared with a loss of $ 106 million, or 29 cents a share, in the same period a year ago.
2			injury	coach	captain	team			donovan captains team with longtime captain claudio reyna sidelined with a thigh injury, coach bruce arena feels comfortable tapping 22 year old phenom landon donovan to captain the u.s. squad.
4			outsourcing	ibm	technology	morgan			jp morgan kos 5 bln ibm outsourcing deal j.p. morgan chase co. , said on wednesday it was scrapping a 5 billion outsourcing deal with ibm corp., amid an overall plan to manage more of its own technology services.
4			software	team			qrs jilts jda, teams with inovis with little more than a month left for jda software group inc. to close on its $ 100 million acquisition of qrs corp., qrs pulled the plug on the deal in favor of a $ 116 million acquisition by inovis international inc.
2			player	coach			call to arms: marino and young head hof 's nomination list former all pro quarterbacks dan marino and steve young, both first year eligible candidates, head a list of 89 former players, coaches, and contributors who comprise a list of preliminary nominees for enshrinement to the pro
2			party	game			history beckons as china prepares grand olympic coming out party beijing : as the olympic flame leaves athens, the eyes of the sporting world are turning towards beijing. when china hosts the games for the first time in 2008, it will cap an extraordinary 30 year journey
1			leader	violence			jcc arson roils french jews jewish leaders expressed growing frustration this week with continuing anti semitic violence in europe following the torching of a jewish community center in paris early sunday.
4			concern	software	vendor			china eyes foreign software curbs china appears poised to issue rules about the extent to which government departments must favour local software, raising concerns that some overseas vendors could be cut out of the large state procurement market.
2			championship			motogp news moody blues: rossi, gibernau and formula one. in the latest of his exclusive columns for , renowned eurosport motogp commentator toby moody provides the latest behind the scenes news from sepang, analyses the valentino rossi sete gibernau championship battle and ponders just how committed
3			investment			china construction spending down in oct. china 's spending on construction and factory equipment edged lower in october, but there was no sign of a major cutback despite efforts to curb lending for such investments.
4			bea	platform	system	application			bea envisions role of 'application configurator' bea systems with its upcoming diamond application deployment platform envisions an it person taking on the new role of application configurator in soas service oriented architectures .
4			talk	technology	core			parallel processing: coming to a pc near you intel exec offers few details about dual core chips as he talks up new technologies.
4			tool	technology	delhi			singh urges west to remove blocks on n tech transfer kalpakkam: india on saturday urged the west to remove blocks on the transfer of critical nuclear technology, offering an assurance that new delhi had effective tools to prevent proliferation.
3			growth			us economic growth seen slowing in 2005 us economic growth should slow over the coming year as consumers cut back on spending but improved business confidence should help beef up hiring, a wide ranging survey of forecasters found.
4			software			nose driven nouse helps disabled surf web works by using tracking software linked to a webcam that identifies a group of 25 pixels which are the tip of the nose.
2			title	play	season	colorado	game			colorado set to play in big 12 title game colorado will have more to remember about this season than just scandal and turmoil most notably, a trip to the big 12 title game that seemed nearly impossible just a few weeks ago.
4			general	technology			it takes time to judge the true impact of new technology about this time last year, i wrote a column following up on some pieces i'd written earlier to see what if anything new had happened to those topics. the reaction i heard afterwards convinced me that revisiting old news was a worthwhile exercise in general, it's too easy for tech reporters to lose sight of how a product works over time in the real world, as opposed to a brief trial in a reviewer's hands.
4			bea	tool	system	software	application			bea packages web application tools bea systems is set to release a new all in one package on monday to help software partners create and install web applications more quickly.
4			leader	tool			google introduces new research tool online search engine leader google inc. is setting out make better sense of all the scholarly work stored on the web.
3			profit	researcher	share			university, samoa to share aids drug earns the university of california at berkeley and the government of samoa have agreed to split profits from any aids drug researchers develop from a rainforest tree.
2			player	soccer	team			framingham down, not out the framingham boys' soccer team was without two of its best defensive players yesterday, but not without a commitment to playing strong team defense.
1			enemy	president			americans and freedom when we americans first began, our biggest danger was clearly in view: we knew from the bitter experience with king george iii that the most serious threat to democracy is usually the accumulation of too much power in the hands of an executive, whether he be a king or a president. our ingrained american distrust of concentrated power has very little to do with the character or persona of the individual who wields that power. it is the power itself that must be constrained, checked, dispersed and carefully balanced, in order to ensure the survival of freedom. in addition, our founders taught us that public fear is the most dangerous enemy of democracy because under the right circumstances it ...
4			goal	platform	technology	broadband	development			gop platform: broadband and r d tax credits widely available broadband, electronic health records and increased government spending on research and development r d are among the technology related goals in the u.s. republican party's 2004 platform, released this week.
1			minister			politicans killed in indian chopper crash ten people, including a state government minister and two lawmakers, were killed in a helicopter crash in india's mountainous northeast on wednesday, officials said.
4			plea	war	researcher	technology	scientist			researchers develop 3 d phone technology it 's an idea that was popularized by princess leia 's plea for help in star wars: sending a 3 d hologram. now, two japanese scientists have developed technology they hope will one day turn the humble
4			general	system	vendor	access			gsa to charge for access to upgraded procurement system the general services administration plans to charge a one time fee of $ 2,500 for vendors and the public to receive a direct, continuous web feed from the new federal procurement data system.
4			lab	technology			cisco, mit look from lab to market new communications technology could spawn futuristic products. could your purse tell you to bring an umbrella? br photos: networks of tomorrow
2			player			boom times for mp3 players? news: is digital music finally going mainstream? according to market research firm idc, the mp3 portable market will boom over the next five years into a $ 58 billion industry.
4			technology			lucent, unions delay pact deadline lucent technologies inc. and two labor unions agreed yesterday to give themselves one more day to avoid a possible strike.
2			basketball	louis	soccer	nation	team	berlin	game	sport			canada losing swagger in 1904 at the st. louis olympic games, canada won gold in soccer. in 1936 in berlin, our nation won silver in basketball. that 's it for traditional team sports.
4			speed			boeing ceo: jet market recovery slower boeing co. chief executive harry stonecipher said on friday the u.s. aircraft maker's archrival airbus was exaggerating the speed of recovery in the commercial airplane market.
4			worm	enterprise	system	ibm	virus	technology			ibm, cisco in enterprise security tie up ibm corp. and cisco systems inc. unveiled product updates that will tie technology from the two companies more closely together in an effort to secure customer networks from worms and viruses.
1			fighting			groups fight u.s. plan to kill prairie dogs eight conservation groups are fighting the u.s. government over a plan to poison thousands of prairie dogs in the grasslands of south dakota, saying wildlife should not take a backseat to ranching interests.
3			share	software	enterprise			oracle case moot lawyers were cordial after peoplesoft agreed for the enterprise software company to acquire it for 26.50 a share.
4			system			update 3 pacificare to buy american medical for $ 502 mln pacificare health systems inc. phs.n: quote, profile, research said on wednesday it agreed to buy american medical security group inc.
2			football	indiana	season	coach	career			indiana fires coach indiana university fires head football coach gerry dinardo on wednesday after three season. dinardo leaves with two years left on his contract and an 8 27 career record.
4			processor	speed	amd	ibm	researcher	technology	silicon			amd, ibm speed up chips with strained wafers researchers at ibm and amd have improved a chip making technology called strained silicon. their announcement, of a new and unique strained silicon transistor technology, is aimed at improving processor performance and power efficiency.
4			core			alcatel expands us presence with two acquisitions worth $ 277mn new york, september 17 alcatel has expanded its operations and presence in the core north american telecommunication market with two separate acquisitions for about $ 277 million.
4			war	piracy	technology			digital radio a new front in piracy war technologies that let people record satellite and internet radio broadcasts digitally are opening a new front in the recording industry's war on music piracy.
4			ibm	application	core			ibm, peoplesoft form alliance ibm and peoplesoft on tuesday announced that peoplesoft will standardize its applications on core ibm middleware products and that both companies will market the joint solutions.
4			gate	magic	microsoft	tool	system	software			gates touts software magic microsoft chief software architect bill gates took the stage of the it forum in copenhagen tuesday to introduce a handful of tools and a hatful of promises designed to offer relief from managing complex, distributed systems.
4			software	microsoft			judge orders microsoft to pay $ 112 million a judge is ordering microsoft corp. to pay $ 112.5 million to attorneys who successfully sued the software maker for monopolizing a segment of california 's market.
2			team	game	championship	schumacher			numbers game for schumacher ferrari and michael schumacher were savouring yet another world championship today after a milestone weekend for both team and driver.
2			game	offense			cougars vow running game will have bite this is the game, brigham young 's offense vows, the running game actually will make a positive contribution. we feel confident, said left tackle eddie keele.
2			cell	game			nokia's preminet aims to chill qualcomm's brew the one stop shop lets wireless operators sell ring tones, games, picture messaging and other cell phone paraphernalia.
1			minister			iran reasserts its right to enrich uranium as standoff persists iran 's foreign minister said saturday that iran had every right to keep, for research purposes, some of the centrifuges that could be used to enrich uranium, an indication
2			injury	minnesota	receiver	game	sport			vikings moss practices despite hamstring injury eden prairie, mn sports network minnesota vikings wide receiver randy moss practiced on wednesday despite nursing a strained right hamstring and is listed as questionable for this sunday 's game against the new york giants.
4			software	upgrade	microsoft	version			microsoft upgrades software for digital pictures microsoft corp. msft.o released on tuesday the latest version of its software for editing and organizing digital photographs and images to tap into widespread demand for digital cameras and photography.
2			play	game			wednesday, october 13th 7:30 pm game notes: the surprising connecticut huskies welcome their first ever ranked opponent to the friendly confines of rentschler field, as they play host to the
4			technology			motorola pilots digital wallet phone trials motorola has teamed up with mastercard to conduct us trials of technology that allows mobile phones to act as digital wallets .
3			investment	management	share			blackrock paying $ 375 million for state street research metlife expects the transaction to have a positive impact to net income of between $ 145 million and $ 165 million. shares of new york based blackrock, an investment management firm, rose $ 1.
3			finance			just subtract the fear, and add some planning even with a degree in finance from bentley college and a year working for a financial planning firm, john tosti found the prospect of planning for retirement so intimidating that he avoided organizing his savings.
4			investment	technology			us it spending to grow 7 next year consistent with the cyclical nature of it spending, where periods of digestion and refinement follow periods of heavy technology investment, forrester research inc.
2			coach	game	carolina	season			holtz bids farewell as spurrier waits in wings columbia, sc as south carolina coach lou holtz left the game he 's cherished for 33 seasons, he couldn 't resist poor mouthing himself one last time.
1			president			coverage of pet scans the first call sheldon goldberg got on his first day as president of the alzheimer's association was not from a patient or a doctor but from michael d. bromberg, chairman of the capitol health group, a well connected washington lobbying firm.
3			sale	stock			jobs, retail on stock market menu when wall street gets back to work this week after the thanksgiving holiday, the focus will be on jobs and retail sales.
4			platform	upgrade	application	developer			sun upgrades j2se platform application developers are getting a raft of new options this week with sun updating j2se, borland upping its corba ante, and compuware detailing products that will work with microsoft's visual studio 2005 toolbox.
1			talk			update 2: swisscom confirms may merge with firm telecommunications companies swisscom ag and telekom austria ag are in talks over a possible merger, swisscom said.
2			game			half life 2 is gold we ll give you a moment to sit down, take a breath, or catch a breath, or whatever you need to do. but yes, it 's as true as it can be, as we received official word from vivendi universal games just moments ago.
2			basketball	medal	game			us basketball out of gold medal game long, long, long after the argentineans were still on the floor shirts off, tears replacing the sweat on their bodies, celebrating in a manner the hated americans would have
4			ibm	software	source	code			speech code from i.b.m. to become open source i.b.m. plans to announce that it will contribute some of its speech recognition software to two open source software groups.
4			science	ibm	software	computing			ibm community to address social issues new york: the us based software major ibm, along with representatives of the world 's leading science, education and philanthropic outfits, has launched a global effort aimed at harnessing the vast computing power of individuals and business computers and
3			profit			washington post profit up on education,tv washington post co. wpo.n: quote, profile, research said on friday that quarterly profit jumped, beating analysts forecasts, boosted by results at its kaplan education unit and television broadcasting operations.
4			hardware	microsoft	management	vendor	use			new spec uses web services to manage remote data center ... microsoft, sun and a trio of other leading hardware vendors today published the ws management specification, which spells out how data centers can use web services
4			system	trading			eu approves eight national emissions trading plans the european commission moved forward with a landmark emissions trading system on wednesday by approving eight national plans that allocate how much carbon dioxide co2 industrial plants are allowed to emit.
1			talk			biogen, elan merger rumors persist biogen idec in cambridge is rumored to be in talks to buy or merge with elan corp. in ireland, though the later company denies any such conversation is taking place, bloomberg news is reporting.
2			team	season			pippen: if i had anything to give, id leave it here... following the official announcement of his retirement, scottie pippen and bulls gm john paxson met the media at the berto center after the teams first official training camp practice this season.
2			lab	game			briefly: rice lab makes nano parts less toxic roundup plus: tv chip company gets $ 19 million...oracle extends deadline on peoplesoft sells game clips for 99 hires marketing chief.
2			champion			cycling: hamilton suspended olympic time trial champion tyler hamilton is suspended after failing a doping test.
1			parliament	final	president	election			russian parliament oks election bill president vladimir putin's plan to end the election of governors by popular vote passed its final hurdle wednesday, when the russian parliament's upper chamber approved the bill.
2			minute	game			jonathan davies: biggest plus for ruddock is disappointment so wales lost by a whisker, but in truth it was a long whisker, with the hosts playing a game of catch up in the last 10 minutes here that was always going to be beyond them.
2			coach	football	season			solich to coach ohio former nebraska coach frank solich was introduced as ohio's new football coach thursday, returning to the state where he grew up and promising to rebuild a program that has gone 11 35 over the past four seasons.
4			microsystems	desktop	suite	software	use	source			japan gives ok to sun desktop suite the japanese government has approved sun microsystems open source desktop software for use within one of its ministries, sun is expected to announce.
1			democrat	reform			gop nominee vows to be non partisan as cia chief under sometimes sharp questioning from democrats, republican rep. porter goss told a senate committee tuesday that his past partisan views and strong support for an intelligence agency that many consider deeply flawed will not stand in the way of needed reforms if he is confirmed as director of central intelligence.
2			football	cavalier	rise	game	sport			cavaliers have been programmed for this these are the games college football programs spend years building toward, a chance to rise from the ranks of the also rans to a place among the sport 's elite.
4			system	microsoft			ms, intel shepherd new web services spec a host of companies led by microsoft quote, chart and intel has revised and released a specification for making sure computer systems have a common way to communicate.
2			final	race			economy outpaces estimates the economy grew at a faster pace this spring than previously thought, but was at its weakest showing in more than a year, providing ammunition to both candidates in the final weeks of the presidential race.
4			integration			oracle puts focus on data integration at openworld data integration will be one of the major themes at oracle's openworld conference this week.
2			game			ponson, o 's unable to catch up there were countless outings for sidney ponson earlier in the year when a slow start roiled into a disastrous outing. he would simply feel the game slipping from
1			talk			tw, comcast in talks on adelphia deal comcast corp. on monday said it is in talks with time warner inc. to explore a possible deal to acquire bankrupt cable company adelphia communications corp.
4			software	microsoft			eu court to rule on microsoft case mid december the european union eu 's court of first instance will decide between 18 and 20 december whether to suspend the european commission 's sanctions against software giant microsoft
2			night	race	championship			katie hoff finishes third in short course worlds olympic swimmer katie hoff finished third in a race sunday night at the short course world championships in indianapolis.
3			shareholder	management			ca shareholders back management over bonuses issue computer associates international inc. ca avoided a revolt at its annual meeting on wednesday, when shareholders voted down a proposal requesting that the company's board adopt a policy of revoking executive bonuses paid based on financial results that are later revised.
4			tool	microsoft			at last, a microsoft search tool microsoft is planning to introduce its long awaited internet search engine on thursday, a person knowledgeable about the announcement said.
4			system	enterprise			sap launches security service sap ag this week unveiled a service that evaluates security settings across a customer 's sap enterprise system. sap security optimization helps customers identify and fix vulnerabilities, and minimise the
1			measure	politician	death			dutch defy jihad threat the government vowed tough measures yesterday against what a leading politician called the arrival of jihad in the netherlands after a death threat to a dutch politician was found pinned with a knife to the body of a slain
4			share	microsoft	system	virus	technology	code			ms, cisco to collaborate on security solution microsoft and cisco systems have announced that the two companies have entered into a pact to share security and network health technologies, to better stop, isolate and eliminate viruses and other malicious codes on windows based networks.
4			design	beta	technology	version			yahoo adds personalization to search technology yahoo! inc. unveiled new versions of its front page, and my yahoo! . both pages show enhancements in design and functionality, and are rolled into beta versions starting yesterday.
2			football			sfa hold fire on berti berti vogts was handed a stay of execution when the scottish football association insisted there would be no immediate decision on his future.
4			hardware			toshiba is taking back bad memory zdnet 's survey of it professionals in october kept upgrading hardware at number two on the businesses radar throughout the year.
1			defeat	election	party	tension	president			chen loses taiwan poll, china strains seen easing the pro independence party of taiwan president chen shui bian suffered a surprise defeat in weekend legislative elections that could ease tensions with china but paralyze government on the democratic island.
4			software			yahoo to buy musicmatch for 160m in cash internet portal yahoo inc. said tuesday that it agreed to buy web based digital music and software provider musicmatch inc. for 160 million in cash, in a deal which will supplement the offerings of launch, yahoo's digital music site.
4			system			nintendo moving into online within 3 to 4 years miyamoto comments attributed to nintendo 's shigeru miyamoto in this week 's famitsu magazine indicate that the company is planning to bring its systems online within a three to four year timescale, with ds leading the way.
1			president			intel 's next ceo brings different focus intel said thursday that president paul otellini will become its next ceo a change that could help the no. 1 chipmaker overcome recent missteps.
4			player	virus	software	content			trend micro offers free mobile security solution trend micro, inc., a player in network anti virus and internet content security software and services, has announced the availability of trend micro mobile security a free solution that protects wireless devices from spams and viruses.
2			game	streak	season			liberty tops no. 19 kansas state, 77 56 liberty took advantage of no. 19 kansas state without kendra wecker, snapping the wildcat's 35 game regular season home winning streak.
3			gain	share			sirius gains on ford deal shares of sirius satellite radio inc. rose on news that ford motor co. will be installing the service at its factories for the first time.
4			system	upgrade	mac			apple releases mac os x updates apple computer has released mac os x 10.3.6, an upgrade that offers improvements in several areas of the operating system. the improvements include added compatibility with firewire audio and usb devices; updates
1			reform	opposition			egyptians test waters in anticipation of reform mubarak's government tolerates registered opposition groups, but many unofficial organizations have begun operating since the late 1990s.
4			software	technology	source			jboss set to shine with jems middleware stack jboss on monday plans to flesh out details of its open source middleware stack consisting largely of existing software technologies, with the company intending to fill out the stack over time.
2			game			st. john's holds off xaverian an exciting thanksgiving day game between st. john's prep and xaverian is something that never changes.
1			leader	cabinet	nation			japan oks free trade agreement with mexico japan 's cabinet formally approved the signing of a free trade agreement with mexico, ahead of a meeting between the two nations leaders.
4			switch			2007 target for digital tv switch the uk's switch to digital television could begin as soon as 2007, according the media watchdog ofcom.
3			profit			blockbuster posts big loss, coo resigns blockbuster inc. bbi.n: quote, profile, research on wednesday posted a quarterly operating profit well below analysts estimates even before $ 1.
4			system			broadcom, agere settle suit broadcom corporation nasdaq:brcm today announced that it has settled all outstanding litigation with agere systems inc.
2			player			first look: rave mp's flashy new mp3 player inexpensive flash based player isn't perfect, but it serves its purpose.
4			system			sony says all systems go for psp launch handheld gaming device debuts in japan this weekend, but won 't be available in us until next year. sony computer entertainment is ready for the long awaited launch of its psp playstation portable device
4			round	technology			job cuts in tech sector soar, report finds the u.s. technology sector suffered another round of widespread layoffs during the third quarter, with computer firms slashing jobs most aggressively, a report said on monday.
4			software			ca set to buy netegrity for 241m computer associates plans to buy security software firm netegrity, in a deal valued at $ 430 million 241m . the acquisition will strengthen the firm 's position in the it security market and builds on last
3			expense	share			nortel has third quarter loss of 6 cents on costs nortel networks corp., which is restating results back to 1999, said it had a third quarter loss of 6 cents a share because of expenses related to job cuts and a wireless contract in india.
1			talk			lack of pay accord extends stoppages at volkswagen volkswagen ag, europe 's biggest carmaker, faces production losses at its wolfsburg headquarters after a sixth set of contract talks with union negotiators on cost cuts, job security and pay ended without agreement.
2			crowd	player	game			nintendo aims for older crowd with ds nintendo is after a new kind of customer, and this time the japanese game giant doesn 't have pokemon to back it up. the company 's new ds, an advanced handheld player meant to expand a market nintendo already
4			microsoft	tool	software	researcher	server			tools of the trade: the microsoft windows 2003 small business ... servers for small businesses are one of the fastest growing areas of the it market, according to market researcher idc. much of this is down to the small business server sbs software
2			nfl	hall	season	player	coach	game			after two weeks, it 's still anyone 's game editor 's note: hall of fame coach marv levy, one of the smartest and greatest coaches in nfl history, provides his thoughts about the players, the coaches and the games each week throughout the season.
2			baseball	game	team	sport			greek baseball team, made in the usa success at the games could boost the popularity of a sport unfamiliar to greeks.
4			share	microsoft	software	technology	penalty			microsoft: suspend windows penalties microsoft asked a european union judge thursday to freeze a european commission order forcing it to share technology with competitors, but a rival said the software giant used to provide such information freely.
4			user	identity	silicon	standard	project			liberty alliance names first director, new members the liberty alliance project, a global consortium aimed at developing and promoting standards for managing user identities on networks, now has its first executive director: silicon valley it consultant donal o'shea.
2			match	team	win	season			giants already match win total from last season the new york giants aren 't just winning. they re doing the kind of things winning teams do. like making a stand on fourth and 1 deep in their own territory, then again at midfield in the fourth quarter.
2			raven	game			sanders nears return ravens defensive back deion sanders appears close to returning for sunday's game against the new york giants.
2			winner	club			griffin could get company as only heisman repeat winner two heismans, one man. maybe he 's been alone long enough, in the club that claims only him as a member. time for archie griffin to get company?
4			system			cisco steps up to network monitoring plate cisco systems decision to acquire netsolve means that its channel partners will be able to offer real time monitoring of networks.
4			system	software	emc	storage			big blue takes on emc with storage virtualization the new storage virtualization software is designed with expanded support to virtualize and manage the complete line of currently available emc disk storage systems.
2			football	final	beat	player	high	game			success breeds success in the final hour before each acton boxboro high school football game, someone allows eminem into the locker room. he speaks his high pitched piece, and his pulsating beats make heads bob throughout the room. then the cd player advances to the next track, and hip hop makes way for a sing along from ac dc, followed by tunes from rocky soundtracks. every ...
1			talk			iran answer on nuke freeze not definitive diplomat iran 's answer on thursday to an eu demand it freeze sensitive nuclear work such as uranium enrichment was described as not too disappointing but not completely definitive by an eu diplomat familiar with the talks.
4			outsourcing	ibm	technology	dinosaur			outsourcing megadeals lose momentum the move by jpmorgan chase to cancel a $ 5 billion technology services contract with ibm may show megadeals are going the way of the dinosaur.
3			value			sprint will 700 stellen im verkauf und support streichen sprint corporation announced it will record in its third quarter financial results a pre tax non cash impairment charge reducing the value of its long distance network assets.
1			president			taiwan sparks japan china row china warns japan its granting of a sight seeing visa to former taiwan president lee teng hui will harm ties.
2			football	team	season	player	coach	game			fancy moves on gridiron call it moving on week. teams, players, and coaches all made their moves as the college football season 's last full slate of games was completed over the weekend.
4			system	card	technology			credit cards go mobile mobile phone giant motorola is experimenting with putting credit cards and payment functions on their line of mobiles. under the bonnet of the cunning plan is near field communication nfc technology which is a short range wireless system.
4			technology			egyptian mummy unwrapped by modern scanning the face of an egyptian artisan named harwa has been seen for the first time in 3000 years using ct scans, x rays and 3d modelling technology.
4			design	system	access			new hospital design aids healing, cuts errors greeters direct new arrivals at the elevators. wireless telephone systems and internet access are available. and every guest room is private, cheerful and has a fold out chairbed.
1			fighting			at times, a fight against boredom through the tiny rectangular windows of the bradley fighting vehicle the five infantrymen peered out at a junkyard of twisted metal and burned out trucks. they were chafing to get out.
4			amd	ibm	technology	use	silicon			ibm, amd develop new use of strained silicon ibm and advanced micro devices inc. announced today that they have jointly developed a new method for implementing strained silicon technology on both positive and negative transistors.
4			run	technology			technology challenges sprint nextel merger the proposed merger of sprint corp. and nextel communications inc. could face a rocky start as the companies work to run and eventually merge two wireless technologies without breaking the bank or losing customers.
4			price	technology	plea			infineon to pay $ 160 million price fixing fine german computer chipmaker infineon technologies ag ifx has agreed to plead guilty to price fixing and will pay a $ 160 million fine, the justice department announced wednesday. in a plea agreement filed in u.s...
2			team	classic	race			symonds anticipates potential classic race in japan the extreme weather conditions have forced all the f1 teams to adapt this weekend. pat symonds thinks the result could well be an extremely exciting race
4			user	platform	beta			google launches beta of sms search queries google has launched a beta test to let us mobile phone and handheld device users tap into its search results via the short message service sms platform.
2			point	sport			division 1 aa poll division 1 aa poll balloting conducted by the sports network, with first place votes in parentheses, records, total points and last week's ranking. w l pts lw 1. southern ill. 85 5 1 2,620 1 2. ga. southern 17 5 1 2,523 3 3. delaware 1 4 1 2,342 4 4. western ky. 2 4 1 2,277 6 5. montana 5 1 2,081 7 6. wofford 4 1 1,932 ...
3			share			sungard to spin off disaster recovery biz sungard quote, chart said its board of directors has unanimously decided to spin off its disaster recovery business and take it public through a tax free distribution of shares.
3			top	sale			sales chief ousted just over a year after being hired following a wave of declining quarterly sales, manugistics group has fired its top sales and marketing executive a little more than a year after he was hired, the company disclosed in a regulatory filing monday.
3			software	sale	stock			peoplesoft's prevarication stock options and a sales gimmick go unnoticed as the software maker reports impressive results.
4			tool			fagoogle search engine supports gay community a new search engine tool has been released this week which is based on the google search engine but with a twist. supports homosexuality and actively sponsors programs aimed at educating people about the gay lifestyle. released this week, aims to generate well needed money for the ...
3			sale			doubleclick appoints advisers to look at potential sale doubleclick, the online advertising and marketing company, has said it has appointed advisers to look at the possibility of selling off all or part of its business.
1			democrat	election	opposition	win			romania vote marred by fraud charges exit polls in key romanian elections are showing a likely win for the ruling social democrats. but as in ukraine, the opposition has demanded an investigation into voting irregularities.
4			microsoft	tool	software	patch	developer	flaw			another patch job from microsoft microsoft released a patch for its latest critical rated security flaw affecting its windows, office and developer tools software programs, the company said tuesday.
1			leadership	country	president			developing countries seek greater voice in imf, world bank leadership developing countries chastized the imf and the world bank for what they said had been a failure to give them greater decision making power in the two institutions and urged that the next world bank president be chosen regardless of nationality.
4			server	enterprise	storage			dell hopes support hubs will improve service delivery dell inc. is pushing ahead with plans to open it support hubs worldwide to improve its service delivery to buyers of its servers, storage devices and workstations. although the hubs are aimed primarily at enterprise customers, they will also cover consumers and small and midsize businesses.
4			system	linux			sco web site hack mocks company 's legal claims malicious hackers have compromised the sco group 's web page twice in as many days, posting messages that appear to mock the company 's claims to own parts of the linux operating system.
2			game	animal	sport			ancient olympics mixed naked sports, pagan partying nude athletes, performance enhancing lizard meat, and animal sacrifices are just a few of the things that separate the ancient olympics from the modern games, says the author of i the naked olympics. i
4			design	feature			palmone debuts treo 650 smartphone the treo 650, which builds on the design of the treo 600, features a 320 x 320 display, non volatile memory, and a removable battery together with integrated bluetooth.
2			sport			college sports tv gets cable deals college sports television announced distribution deals with cable operators cox and charter communications on monday that could make the channel available in more than 65 million households.
2			champion	season			rossi shapes up to new challenges to remain motogp king newly crowned world champion valentino rossi expects his yamaha factory bike will be faster next season to meet the challenges of honda.
2			talk	football	sport			the week in college football description: npr 's michele norris talks with wall street journal sports reporter stefan fatsis about the latest news from the college gridiron.
4			software			oracle faces daunting challenges integrating peoplesoft as oracle embarks on one of the software industry's largest acquisitions in history with its $ 10.3 billion purchase of peoplesoft, it needs to show it can chew what it has bitten off.
3			chain			virgin launches online music service virgin digital, the online arm of the virgin group, will launch an online music service monday aimed at replicating on the net the success of its offline chain of retail music stores.
1			leader	country	finance			bank leaders fail to reach pact world finance leaders, struggling to find a way to help the world 's poorest countries get out from under huge debts, did not reach agreement saturday, but promised to devise a new plan by year 's end.
4			technology			incentives attract jobs to northern virginia more than two thirds of 11,000 new technology jobs to be created in virginia will be in the washington suburbs, mostly in fairfax county, gov. mark r. warner d said yesterday.
1			president			chirac hails china trade deals the french president hails billions of euros of business deals as a sign his chinese trip has been a success.
4			tool			first look: voice rec gets better dragon naturallyspeaking 8 works well as a dictation tool, but its pc controls are still limited.
4			microsoft	software	management	patch	server	development	project			dell, microsoft make a patch pact for servers dell and microsoft have launched a joint development project to improve the management of dell servers with microsoft software. the two companies said monday that they have integrated their respective management
2			jason	game	team			team usa 's big bopper is tearing it up at the games team usa third baseman crystl bustos has been called the barry bonds and sammy sosa of softball, but a more apt comparison would be to freddy and jason.
4			piracy	system	linux	technology	use			tmo reports study: linux use growing, but so is windows piracy a report from technology research and analysis firm gartner, inc. reveals that while the installed base of personal computers running the linux operating systems
4			system	upgrade	microsoft			xp security update delayed microsoft has delayed automated distribution of a major security upgrade to its windows xp professional operating system, citing a desire to give companies more time to test it.
4			generation			orange 3g phones launched in uk orange has unveiled its third generation 3g mobile phones in the uk after a long delayed commercial launch.
2			game	title			thieves spoil release of hot new video games a month before the video game 's scheduled release this coming tuesday, illegal copies of the hot sci fi action title halo 2 already were circulating on the internet.
3			management			vw and unions are miles apart workers and management at german car giant volkswagen make little headway in initial negotiations over a new pay deal.
4			platform	microsoft	management	server	ship			microsoft set to ship virtual server 2005 microsoft corp. next month will release virtual server 2005, its first foray into server virtualization and a key element of the broad management platform the company is creating for windows.
2			coach	team	wizard			e. jordan hospitalized wizards coach eddie jordan was hospitalized thursday after being diagnosed with a blood clot in his left leg, the team said.
4			app			hi def tv may be pcs' killer app it's been possible for years to watch television on a personal computer, but not many people do. the reasons are simple: mediocre picture and sound quality and the ergonomics of it all. tvs don't need to boot up.
4			enterprise	system	bea	software	management	computing			bea to unwrap new products, liquid computing vision bea systems is readying the release of new software that will combine an enterprise service bus esb and web services management software into one product, a company executive said friday.
1			opposition			light relay 'should be dropped' a leading astronomy group in the us voices opposition to a global 'light relay' planned for next year.
3			sale			floridians would get tax relief under bill passed by us senate floridians will be able to deduct state sales tax payments from their federal income tax returns for the next two years, under one part of a wide ranging bill the us senate passed today.
4			design	trick			commentary: apple's missed opportunity forrester research says the new imac's minimalist design means that apple computer misses tricks that windows media center pcs can do.
3			trading			oft invites comment on telegraph deal the office of fair trading has set the clock ticking on the process that could see the barclay brothers deal to buy the daily telegraph reviewed by competition watchdogs.
4			speed	standard	networking	version			bluetooth 2.0 offers much faster data transmissions the bluetooth special interest group sig has adopted bluetooth 2.0 edr. the latest version of this short range wireless networking standard offers faster data transfer speeds while using less power.
4			virus	software			german virus boy gets job before trial the german teenager awaiting trial for crippling computers worldwide this year with two viruses has been hired by a software security company.
2			game	classic			sonic mega collection plus sonic mega collection plus is perhaps one of the best compilations you could ask for. at a mere $ 20, gamers can enjoy 20 classic games.
2			medal	title	sport			south korean gymnast goes to sport court to get gold medal the south korean gymnast who lost the all around title to paul hamm because of a scoring error filed an appeal sunday with a sports arbitration panel, asking it to help him get the gold medal.
4			share	technology	fall			philips shares fall on news of ceo 's departure currently ceo of philips consumer electronics business groups will succeed the unit 's ceo scott mcgregor. the company is scheduled to hold a semiconductors and technology analysts day in holland on friday.
4			software	microsoft			airbus withdraws support for microsoft in eu case european aircraft maker airbus sas has withdrawn its petition to intervene in the european commission's antitrust case against microsoft corp., one week before the software maker is set to have a hearing in its appeal, a microsoft representative confirmed on friday.
4			technology			intel's rosedale chip brings wimax closer intel corp. has begun shipping samples of its first wimax chip, called rosedale, and the first network trials based on the technology will start next year, a senior company executive said tuesday.
3			exchange	trading	stock	share			update 2: swedish exchange halts gambro trading trading in shares of swedish health care company gambro ab were halted monday by the stockholm stock exchange following a report that the us dialysis company davita inc.
2			player			eriksson: i will not panic. i trust the players. i think we ... it was not quite a rallying call in the class of corporal jones, but the message from sven goran eriksson sounded worryingly familiar yesterday.
4			cell			hang up and fly have you ever been stuck within earshot of a loudmouth with a cell phone on a bart train or muni bus? just imagine the annoyance of having to sit near a chronic caller on a five hour flight from san francisco to new york.
4			developer	system	wrap	version			palmsource takes the wraps off palm os cobalt 6.1 palmsource 's european developer conference is going on now in germany, and this company is using this opportunity to show off palm os cobalt 6.1, the latest version of its operating system.
2			series	win	red	sox	sport			sox named sportsmen of year by si com. after vanquishing a so called curse to win the world series, the red sox don 't figure to have any problems with the fabled sports illustrated cover jinx.
3			restaurant	chain	sale	earnings			steak n shake doubles 4th qtr. earnings casual dining chain steak n shake co. reported wednesday that fourth quarter earnings doubled while same store sales of company owned restaurants increased for the period.
2			pas	season			airlines give tips for travel season tyler airlines are gearing up for the beginning of holiday travel, as officials offer tips to help travelers secure tickets and pass through checkpoints with ease.
2			walk	race			hbos pulls out of abbey race these things tend to be decided by egos as much as by financial logic, but hbos has shown its ability with a level head to walk away from a deal.
4			platform	high			im boosts health care company because of its geographically dispersed staff and high percentage of telecommuting employees, intellicare inc., which operates health related call centers, has drawn big benefits from implementing an instant messaging platform.
2			championship	point	victory	classic	game			maryland upset at bb classic washington tj thompson scored 27 points as george washington defeated no. 12 maryland 101 92 in the championship game of the bb classic, the colonials fifth consecutive victory.
3			retailer			intel chips in for new gateway pcs desktops will be available at several retailers, including compusa.
4			user	vulnerability	system	player	flaw			hackers exploit critical winamp flaw it security experts have uncovered a critical vulnerability in the popular winamp media player, which could be exploited by hackers to compromise a user 's system.
2			game	sale			sony 's playstation portable goes on sale sony computer entertainment inc entered the handheld video game market sunday with the sale of its new playstation portable, pitting it against competitors ahead of the holiday sales period.
4			technology	generation			toshiba to launch hd dvd notebook pcs in q4 2005 japan 's toshiba corp. said on wednesday it would introduce notebook computers with hd dvd technology in the last quarter of 2005 in a move to pressure rivals in the battle over formats for next generation dvds.
4			linux	software	technology	vendor	standard	gain	source			linux standard gains big name backers a number of software makers and well known it vendors have agreed to endorse the free standards group 's latest linux standard to help create common ground for companies building open source technologies, the organization said monday.
2			country	cup	race			trio express interest in world cup hosting the international rugby board today confirmed that three countries have expressed an interest in hosting the 2011 world cup. new zealand, south africa and japan are leading the race to host rugby union 's global spectacular in seven years time.
4			ibm	technology	lawsuit			ibm settles pension suit, to take charge international business machines corp. has settled portions of an ongoing lawsuit related to pensions, and will take a charge of $ 320 million in the current quarter, the technology company said on wednesday.
2			medal	team			crashes cost aussie a medal simon thompson was the feelgood story when he made the australian olympic triathlon team last december. today, though, thompson was feeling as bad as they come after believing two crashes on the bike cost
4			user	cell			fcc: 8m wireless users keep cell numbers nearly 8 million mobile phone users have switched carriers and kept their cell numbers since a new rule allowing that flexibility went into effect one year ago, according to the federal communications commission.
2			team	football	striker			saunders calls for welsh appointment for wales former wales striker dean saunders believes the new national team boss should be a welshman. he has called on the football association of wales to examine the credentials of the
2			team			india fights back after martyns century nagpur, oct. 26 nnn : australian teams hopes of taking a grip on the third test were slightly dented as indian spinners led a late fightback on day one of the third test here on tuesday.
2			season			urchin industry a skeleton of former self maine's urchin season has barely begun and it's already almost over.
4			user	linux	feature			more thumbnails please using images to denote context has been within uis for year. when internet explorer ipmlemented support for favicons i was really impressed. gravatars provide images for users and even foaf provides support for associating an image with a profile. rojo has a cool feature where we thumbnail blogs that don't provide images within their rss feed. here are two examples: my question is why can't i have linux show me a thumbnail for processes while i'm switcing between them with alt tab in kde? os x can do it! windows xp can do it!
1			parliament	country			somalia inaugurates transitional gov 't somalia inaugurated a transitional parliament sunday, taking an important first step toward forming a new government for the devastated country even as rivalries continue
1			parliament	crisis	election			new ukraine poll looks likely way out of crisis a new ukrainian poll of some sort looks increasingly likely once again on thursday as parliament and the supreme court press ahead with efforts to resolve a national crisis over a disputed presidential election.
2			coach			swimming canada fires coach swimming canada has fired head coach dave johnson, who came under fire for canada 's poor performance in the olympic pool in athens.
4			generation	technology	version			8cm blu ray discs planned sony and other technology companies working to launch the next generation of dvd format, blu ray disc, are planning to develop a smaller 8cm version of the disc, sony have said.
4			platform			arm to add multimedia booster to next gen chips arm this week added a simd engine to its armv7 isa in a bid to improve the platform 's ability to process multimedia and network datastreams.
4			kazaa	user	software	technology			sharman exec calls child porn unstoppable sharman networks chief technology officer has refuted a claim on the kazaa web site that the company could permanently bar users who are using its peer to peer software to distribute child pornography.
4			technology			nokia unveils near field communication product nokia 's new near field communication product will turn mobile phones into wireless wallets, the company says. it is conducting trials of the new technology in germany, involving wireless ticketing with a transportation authority.
4			software			oracle vows 'oversupport' for peoplesoft customers oracle is concerned peoplesoft customers might abandon maintenance contracts that could help it spend more on new software products to compete with sap ag, the world's biggest business software maker.
2			ball	shooting	country	cricket	sport			olympics shooting loving rathore promotes olympic sports rajyavardhan singh rathore loves cricket as much as any indian, even if the national obsession with ball and bat can make it hard for the country 's olympic athletes to get a look in.
4			content			xm radio goes online xm satellite radio is the latest content provider to join the increasingly crowded online music market, announcing the impending launch of a service delivering its radio programming via the internet.
3			investment			samsung to make $ 24b chip investment by 2010 samsung electronics plans to invest 25 trillion won $ 24 billion in building new semiconductor production lines by 2010, the company said monday.
4			patent	infringement	technology			symbol, proxim settle wlan patent case symbol technologies and proxim corporation said tuesday sept. 14 that they have settled a patent infringement case focusing on wireless lan wlan technology.
1			party	election	opposition			russian born tycoon, rightists neck and neck in lithuania poll vilnius : the upstart party of a russian born tycoon and right wing opposition parties were neck and neck in lithuania 's parliamentary elections, almost complete results showed.
1			president			ousted oas president returning home the former president of the organization of american states was returning to costa rica on friday to answer questions about whether he accepted kickbacks, government officials said.
3			investor	shareholder	pas	stock	price			don't pass on ipass investors should weigh shareholder unfriendliness against a stock's cheap price.
4			software	source			eu set to clear oracle peoplesoft takeover european union competition authorities are expected tuesday to clear unconditionally us firm oracle 's hostile takeover of business software rival peoplesoft, sources say.
1			president			corinthian colleges co founder quits ceo post corinthian colleges inc. said thursday it has named jack massimino president and chief executive to succeed co founder david moore, who remains chairman.
1			president			disney 's eisner to leave company in 2006 eisner has said that disney president and chief operating officer bob iger would be his choice as successor, but the disney board is expected to consider many candidates.
4			generation			fox joins group promoting new blu ray dvd format u.s. based fox entertainment group inc. fox on monday joined a group of companies promoting blu ray disc, one of two competing formats for next generation dvds...
2			football	team	wrap	unbeaten	stadium	game			perfect game all autumn long, harvard's football team has had its chroniclers thumbing through the archives and blowing the dust off records that go back to the 19th century. yesterday afternoon, the unbeaten crimson wrote their own chapter in bold face, throttling archrival yale, 35 3, before 30,308 at the stadium to post their best record 10 0 in 103 years and wrap up ...
4			technology	project			particle collider edges forward physicists take a key decision on the technology to be used in the international linear collider, one of the grand scientific projects of the 21st century.
4			grid	software	server	application	storage	version			data ontap 7g abolishes preallocation tyranny network appliance has brought out the latest version of its data ontap software, which imposes a grid storage architecture on netapp devices by creating an abstraction layer between application servers, storage controllers and disc arrays.
4			grid	platform	protection	ibm	project	computing			ibm move boosts commercial grid computing ibm is continuing work to raise the profile of grid computing beyond scientific and research markets. several grid based commercial projects built on ibm platforms have been launched, including one at the us environmental protection agency.
3			pas	growth	sale			online sales pass the $ 15bn mark in the us online retail sales overseas continue to show significant growth, according to the latest figures released by the us department of commerce.
2			game	season			brooks will be returner inside linebacker ahmad brooks will debut as a kickoff returner when 16th ranked virginia opens the season saturday at temple, but he might not start the game at his usual position.
4			software	management	version			napster launches music to go service u.s. music downloading service napster has launched a preview version of its napster to go portable music service, which incorporates microsoft's nasdaq: msft latest digital rights management software, janus.
2			game			india 's pratima, four others suspended for doping : five weightlifters, including india 's pratima kumari, were thursday suspended by the international weightlifting federation iwf for failing drug tests conducted at the olympic games thursday, reports xinhua.
2			player	fan			college player, 39, does 'late show' sounds like david letterman is as big a pops fan as most everyone else.
4			tool	ibm	application	version			ibm enhances transaction monitoring tool ibm will launch friday a new version of its tivoli transaction performance monitoring product that greatly expands the range of application transactions it can track.
4			scientist	technology			scientists test organic waste technology lycoming county officials and scientists are testing technology they hope will turn organic waste into profitable byproducts.
3			stock	share			marsh ex ceo exercises stock options jeffrey w. greenberg, who resigned this week as chairman and chief executive of marsh mclennan cos. inc., amid a regulatory inquiry into its policies, exercised options to obtain 540,000 shares
2			point	victory	classic	season	opener	sport			no. 3 lsu outguns maine 81 50 in opener seimone augustus scored 17 points and third ranked lsu opened the season with an 81 50 victory over maine in the women's sports foundation classic on thursday.
4			system	server	storage			new sony pc boasts 1,000 gb of data storage japan's sony corp. sne will begin selling a computer and home server system in japan with 1,000 gigabytes of hard drive storage enough to record six tv channels for a week straight the company said...
3			stock	share			update 1: medical device approvals keep stocks up medical device and drug company stocks closed up wednesday after being in the spotlight after two device companies reported food and drug administration approvals for products, but shares of cyberonics inc.
2			coach	victory	team			o sullivan lauds ireland victory ireland coach eddie o sullivan said his team 's mental preparation had been the key to saturday 's 17 12 victory over south africa at lansdowne road.
3			processor	sale	earnings			usa: smithfield foods reports higher q1 earnings us meat processor smithfield foods has said its first quarter earnings more than doubled from the year ago period, boosted by higher sales.
3			profit	sale			navistar 's profit more than triples navistar international corp., the world 's fourth largest truckmaker, said profit in the fiscal third quarter more than tripled as truck sales rose and retirement and medical costs declined.
3			sale			virtual storefronts are rent free on livedeal the locally focused web marketplace made its official debut last week, offering free for life storefronts to sellers and the ability to list anything for sale at no cost.
2			coach			no doubt they got message who knew that 71 year old assistant coach dick helm was the knicks problem? one day after his head rolled, so did the knicks.
2			michigan	game	football			michigan ohio state is a commercial deal the tired old refrain of the sporting times has become: is nothing sacred? well, apparently not the ohio state michigan football game.
2			football	offensive	jim	coach	game	sport			orton stubblefield connection lifts purdue purdue offensive coordinator jim chaney doesn 't care to coach football as an 11 on 11 sport. he wants the game boiled down to his guy against the other guy.
2			leader	team			zimbabwe deports south african trade union fact finders harare : zimbabwean immigration officials ordered a fact finding mission from south africa 's biggest trade union movement to leave after they defied a government ban, the leader of the south african team said.
3			general	sale	share			gm beefs up incentives after disappointing november sales general motors corp., coming off a disappointing november sales period and battling to regain us market share, will launch a new promotion friday that includes cash bonuses on many new models in addition to incentives already available.
4			cell	system	scientist			malaria treatment target is found a transport system used by the malaria parasite to infect blood cells could be a target for new treatments, scientists hope.
4			feature			dreamworks trio in us wealth list founders of dreamworks film studio feature on forbes' 2004 list of the richest 400 people in america.
2			oriole	league	baseball	team			baseball in dc, angelos likely smiling peter g. angelos could sell the baltimore orioles for almost $ 200 million more than he paid for the team 11 years ago under terms of a deal he is negotiating with major league baseball to compensate him for the montreal expos moving to washington
3			pharmaceutical	stock	earnings	share			; gt; eye on stocks news people will report third quarter earnings. analysts surveyed by thomson first call expect the pharmaceutical maker to earn 39 cents per share compared with 47 cents a year ago.
1			talk	election	opposition			more protests as ukraine talks end without agreement opposition supporters in ukraine continue to block key government buildings, after the first meeting between two presidential rivals ended without agreement and amid opposition threats of action if the election dispute is not resolved within days.
4			ibm	linux	technology			briefly: ibm gives grants to universities roundup plus: sun expands pay as you go works on linux performance technology supported by hp, samsung.
4			expense	software			if hal the computer audited your expenses new software helps corporate travel managers track down business travelers who overspend. but it also poses a dilemma for honest travelers who are only trying to save money.
2			game	playoff			melvin has rediscovered her game the cleveland rockers were reeling from something more disheartening than a gut wrenching loss, or elimination from the playoffs. they had just been informed that they no longer existed.
4			use	software	management	technology			intel eyes remote wireless device management intel is working on a device management technology that could allow it departments to use existing management software to bring a slew of wireless devices under the it department umbrella.
4			investor	dallas	system	technology			eds chief sees possibility of 15,000 20,000 job cuts dallas electronic data systems, the beleaguered technology company, may cut as many as 20,000 jobs in coming years, its chief executive, michael jordan, has told investors.
4			lab	ibm	technology			ibm unveils latest on demand tech center ibm on monday unveiled a technology lab for customers looking to test the company 's products for managing computer resources based on business demands.
1			military	election			gop gets house to nix draft bill 402 2 house republicans sought to quash a persistent internet rumor that the government will reinstate a military draft after the election, engineering an overwhelming vote tuesday to kill legislation they hope will put the rumor to rest.
2			title	championship	race	win	cup			kurt busch takes nextel cup title kurt busch overcame a broken wheel early in sunday's race and came back to win the closest championship in nascar history.
2			champion	schumacher	sport			schu doesn 't rule in france michael schumacher may rule the roost at the pinnacle of motor sport, but he failed to become champion of champions at the novel event inside paris stade de france.
4			cell			cell phones in the air: convenience or curse? just when air travel seems to have become our national gripe, along comes a possibility to make us appreciate flight as we now know it: a cabin full of people talking, loudly and simultaneously, on their cell phones.
4			raven	software	development			x men legends sequel in development raven software hard at work on follow up to activision 's recently released marvel superhero rpg. hot off the press copies of x men legends haven 't even cooled down yet, but activision isn 't resting on its laurels.
2			tournament	golf	club	score	game	sport			transsexual drives off to score a first on the golf course golf is not a sport renowned for being at ease with gender issues. many of the game 's great clubs refuse to admit women, and the occasional inclusion of women in men 's professional tournaments has caused consternation from arran to augusta.
3			good			at wireless conference, silly services rule reporter's notebook concerned about coverage? it's a good thing you didn't go to ctia; people there were busy playing swordfish.
2			champion	championship	season			solberg set sights on next season subaru driver petter solberg revealed he was already looking ahead to next seasons championship during the rally australia. the 2003 world champion retired on day one of the
4			generation	linux	software	core	use	cell	source			motorola and hp in linux tie up motorola plans first use of the open source software in the core of next generation cell phone networks.
2			winner	championship	champion	tour	israel	sport			sport shorts cycling legend eddie merckx will be the guest of israel triathlon championship in december. merckx, a five time winner of the tour de france and four time world champion, who is considered by many as the greatest
2			baseball	game	team			last hurrah for expos with a three game set vs. florida, montreal bids adieu to its pro baseball team hurdles exist, but relocation process now appears irreversible, by richard griffin.
4			protection	virus	software	feature	version			nokia phone adds virus protection upcoming smart phone will feature a mobile version of f secure's antivirus software.
2			basketball	team			america again takes the fight out of angola the us olympics basketball team took a trip back to its former days of dominance monday, and it was only appropriate the opponent was angola.
2			captain	medal	soccer	game			foudy improves, remains game time decision us soccer captain julie foudy 's sprained right ankle showed signs of improvement wednesday, although she remains a game time decision for thursday 's gold medal game against brazil.
2			player	football	club			reaction from tottenham hotspur football club a number of former players and staff linked with tottenham hotspur football club have voiced their opinion on the sensational exit of manager jacques santini.
2			season	championship	series			citroen and peugeot announce rally pull out the world rally championship has been dealt a blow with news of plans for citroen and peugeot to withdraw after next season. the series was looking strong after ford committed for another four years this week
1			leader	election	party	victory	win			marenco likely to win nicaragua elections the leader of nicaragua's leftist sandinista front on monday claimed victory for his party in weekend mayoral elections.
4			system	software	standard	toyota			toyota, nissan join to standardize car electronics toyota motor corp. and nissan motor co. will join hands in a bid to save costs and create an international standard for the software that operates a car's electronic systems.
4			content			business search engine adds content providers business search engine adds content providers , a search engine for business professionals, today announced that it has signed pricewaterhousecoopers llc, ibisworld, ioma, datamonitor, and mintel as new premium content providers for the business search engine. was founded in june 2004 to provide a solution for business professionals in ...
1			talk			progress made over iran 's nuke issue france says the european union and iran have made considerable progress towards reaching a preliminary agreement on tehran 's nuclear program at talks in paris.
4			software			yahoo to buy musicmatch for $ 160 million in cash yahoo said today that it agreed to buy web based digital music and software provider musicmatch, in a deal which will supplement the offerings of yahoo's digital music site.
4			infrastructure	upgrade	researcher	technology	project			u.k.'s nhs taps gartner to help plan $ 9b it overhaul the u.k.'s national health service nhs has tapped it researcher gartner inc. to provide market intelligence services as the health organization forges ahead with a mammoth, 5 billion $ 9.2 billion project to upgrade its information technology infrastructure.
1			election	president	russia	crisis	opposition			ukraine president eyes new vote facing a relentless tide of opposition protests, embattled president leonid kuchma said yesterday that a new election might be the only way out of a spiraling crisis that threatens to break up this former soviet republic between the pro russia east and the western leaning rest of ukraine.
4			system	upgrade	linux	ship	version			mandrakesoft ships upgrade of linux os mandrakesoft releases the latest version of its linux operating system.
4			hardware	identification	frequency	system	software	management	technology	vendor			sap, infineon unveil rfid management system german business software vendor sap ag and chip maker infineon technologies ag have launched a new software management system for connecting rfid radio frequency identification hardware and software from multiple vendors, the companies announced tuesday.
1			country	president			communist duo seek closer ties chinese president hu jintao visits cuba's fidel castro, as the two communist countries seek closer ties.
3			share			delphi report quarterly loss delphi corp. today reported third quarter revenues of $ 6.65 billion, and a net loss of $ 114 million or a loss of $ 0.20 per share. excluding the impact of previously announced restructuring charges, delphi
1			corruption	president			kenya anti graft chief resigns the chairman of kenya 's anti corruption advisory board has resigned, accusing president mwai kibaki of interfering in the board 's work.
2			basketball	round	game	team			us routs angola and now aims for spain well, they're entitled to least one blowout, aren't they? the us men's basketball team, which had played four tough games entering yesterday's preliminary round closer, got a much needed lift with the arrival of angola on the schedule. the result was a predictable thumping, 89 53, even if we've seen that nothing is predictable with this team or in this ...
2			play			consumers who play float will sink it will soon be riskier than ever to write a check if you don 't have money in the bank to cover it. under a law that goes into effect oct. 28, banks that get checks will be allowed
4			user	patent	microsoft	software			microsoft expands software indemnification program microsoft corp. is expanding its indemnification program for windows and other software products in order to shield users from legal claims and patent disputes, the world's largest software maker said on tuesday.
4			software			oracle hire signals focus on subscription services software maker snags hewlett packard veteran to lead fast growing division, report to ceo larry ellison.
2			champion	team	win	trophy			arakawa sits first; pairs team fifth world champion shizuka arakawa of japan overcame a case of jitters and a new pair of skates friday to win the women 's short program at the nhk trophy figure skating competition.
4			team	identification	frequency	pharmaceutical	technology	use			drugmaker teams with law enforcement to use rfid to halt thefts pharmaceutical company purdue pharma lp is working closely with law enforcement agencies to use radio frequency identification technology to protect shipments of oxycontin, purdue 's painkiller drug that 's a frequent target for theft.
3			leader	profit	earnings			google profit up in 1st reported quarter web search leader google inc. , in its first earnings report as a publicly held company, on thursday posted a profit of $ 52.0 million in the third quarter on strong web search advertising.
2			champion			hammer champion facing ioc hearing hammer gold medallist adrian annus will return to athens to testify before an international olympic committee disciplinary hearing tomorrow, according to a hungarian official.
2			winner	game			mcdonald's makes millionaires the company recently crowned a winner in its monopoly game, one of its best promotional programs.
4			computing			computing pioneers get historical nod spreadsheet pioneer dan bricklin is among the computing innovators honored by the computer history museum.
1			politician	talk	second			key ni talks continue northern ireland 's politicians are preparing for a second day of intensive talks aimed at restoring devolved government. the talks, continuing on friday at leeds castle in kent, are seen as the most important
4			price	software	version			looksmart adds porn free search to net nanny looksmart adds porn free search to net nanny looksmart today announced the release of net nanny 5.1, an updated version of its internet filtering software, and the first version to include family safe web search. net nanny 5.1 has a suggested retail price of $ 39.95 for new buyers of net nanny and ...
3			stock			stocks to watch dell inc. :
4			software			computer associates posts wider loss computer associates international ltd. , a business software maker, on wednesday posted a wider quarterly net loss, including charges for job cuts and a 225 million payment to settle a long running accounting probe.
2			play	player	match	championship			hsbc world match play field confirmed the 16 player field for the 2004 hsbc world match play championship to be played at wentworth this week, october 14 17, is the most international in the 41 year history of the championship, a fitting statistic for hsbc, the world 's most international bank
1			election			us voters 'going online for news' more than 40 of wired americans have used the net for information about the us election, a study finds.
1			president			bill clinton to have heart bypass former us president bill clinton is to undergo surgery after being admitted to hospital in new york.
3			share			corrected: google sells 19.6 million shares at $ 85 each google inc., the world's largest search engine, said on wednesday it sold 19.6 million shares at $ 85 apiece in its long awaited initial public offering, raising $ 1.67 billion for the company.
3			sale			former ca boss sanjay kumar is indicted indictments were handed down to kumar and ca 's former head of sales, stephen richards, with both men charged with securities fraud and obstruction.
2			player			digital gear: internet keys and cool cigars recent gadgets hitting the market include a portable hard drive, a multimedia player, a bluetooth device and more.
4			space	license	technology			allen licenses commercial space flight technology paul allen 's backing of commercial space flight received a boost monday, as a startup called virgin galactic plans to build an aircraft based on the technology used by spaceshipone, the allen backed plane that flew into space in june.
3			profit	sale	earnings			campbell soup posts higher 1q profit campbell soup co., the world 's largest soup maker, posted better than expected first quarter earnings on monday, citing strong sales of condensed soup and broth products.
4			processor			a renaissance for the workstation? santa clara, calif. based orion multisystems has come up with a new type of workstation that can hold several processors clustered together for greater power.
3			producer	profit			taiwan semiconductor reports record profit taiwan semiconductor manufacturing co., the world 's biggest producer of made to order chips, on tuesday reported record net profits in the third quarter amid increased demand for chips for cameras, mobile phones, notebook computers and other devices.
4			processor	high	application	server			nec four way server supports high availability apps nec solutions america 's new four processor express5800 340hb is designed for data center applications, server consolidation, and server virtualization.
4			software			security alert identifies oracle holes software security companies and us cert, the us government 's computer monitoring body, have issued warnings about security vulnerabilities in oracle software.
4			cell	high	processor	software			intel joins nokia, symbian to make smart phone chips in an effort to get inside the growing number of advanced mobile phones throughout the world, the company has joined with cell phone maker nokia and u.k. software company symbian to develop processor chips for such high end smart phones.
2			game			a virtual disgrace regarding the creation of a john f. kennedy assassination video game, jfk reloaded, developed by kirk ewing for traffic games of scotland: how truly unfortunate that this firm is so hard
2			sport			espn to launch mobile phone service in sprint deal walt disney co. 's espn sports television network is launching its own brand of mobile phone service in a deal with sprint corp.
2			champion	cup	race			vinnie roe to rule if he starts melbourne: two dancers and a diva can cut an artistic flourish to the finish of today 's melbourne cup, but if irish champion vinnie roe starts in the race, the calls of bravo are more likely to be for him.
2			basketball	denver	game	team			nuggets too quick for heat denver this was western conference basketball, running, soaring and scoring, and the denver nuggets were the latest team from the west to remind the heat it really isn 't suited for that kind of game.
1			election			us judge orders election agency to tighten rules a federal judge has ordered the federal election commission to enact tougher restrictions on how millions of dollars are spent on campaigns, saying that its rules have
3			drink	profit			tax benefits lift pepsico profit pepsico, the world's no. 2 soft drink company, said quarterly profit rose due to tax benefits and a strong performance from its frito lay snack business.
4			microsoft	secret	technology	lawsuit			sendo, microsoft settle smart phone lawsuit sendo sued microsoft in december 2002, alleging that it had stolen proprietary technology and trade secrets and used them to move into the mobile phone market. microsoft denied the charges and had filed a countersuit.
4			top	system	supercomputer	ibm	linux	technology	server			ibm aims for top 10 with new spanish supercomputer the new supercomputer employs a cluster of 2,520 eserver bladecenter js20 systems running the linux operating system and could be the first supercomputer to get a top 10 ranking using blade server technology.
1			crisis	nation	president	election			ukraine president bows to pressure, backs new vote outgoing ukrainian president leonid kuchma, bowing to mass street protests and international pressure, on monday backed a new presidential election to end a crisis that is tearing the nation apart.
4			software			california company offers workers hot deal for purchasing a ... an environmentally minded california software firm says it will give $ 5,000 to every one of its 1,500 us workers who buys a gas electric hybrid vehicle rated 45 miles per gallon or more in highway driving.
4			party	design	platform	ibm			ibm and intel go public with design specs of the bladecenter ... ibm and intel have announced that they are to open up the design specifications of their bladecenter platform. the partners say that the publishing of the specs is intended to enable third parties to design and build compatible kit and grow the market.
4			content	protection	virus	technology	mail			mcafee launches managed mail security service mcafee, on monday, announced a launch of its multi function e mail service for small to medium sized businesses. it is a managed mail protection service that includes anti spam, anti virus, and content filtering technologies.
4			system			car navigation units keep business trips on course in car navigation systems in rental cars have made navigating unfamiliar cities much easier for business travelers who drive rather than fly.
4			application	system	mainframe	licensing			computer associates rolls out on demand pricing computer associates will offer an on demand pricing model for many of its mainframe applications. the licensing program uses what ca calls measured workload pricing based on actual system
2			user	auction	card	sport			san lorenzo sports card auctions lead to indictment a san lorenzo man has been indicted by a federal grand jury on charges that he defrauded ebay users in online auction for rare mickey mantle and michael jordan sports cards.
3			trading			cendant corporation acquires gullivers travel associates and ... new york and london, dec. 16 prnewswire firstcall cendant corporation nyse:cd today announced that it has agreed to acquire privately held, uk based gullivers travel associates, the trading name of donvand ltd.
4			system	file	technology	series			cisco branches out with waf services cisco systems on tuesday introduced the cisco file engine series, a line of appliance based solutions utilizing wafs wide area file services technology designed for branch office consolidation.
1			debate	expense	president	election			edwards, cheney gear up for sole vp debate both presidential campaigns are looking for a boost at the other's expense tuesday when vice president dick cheney and democratic rival john edwards square off for the only vice presidential debate of the 2004 election.
4			leader	processor	nvidia	technology	graphic			nvidia turbocaches geforce 6200 nvidia corporation, a leader in graphics and digital media processors has introduced the nvidia geforce 6200 graphics processing unit gpu with turbocache technology.
4			gate	microsoft	software	silicon	source			gates stumps in silicon valley berkeley, calif. microsoft chairman bill gates kicked off a whirlwind day in the bay area on friday, talking to college students about a range of topics, from open source software to malaria to the next xbox.
1			plot	coup	minister			straw questioned on guinea plot ministers are facing questions about how they knew about an alleged coup plot in africa weeks before mercenaries were arrested for planning it.
4			design	technology			belkin designs pc less video extender belkin on tuesday announced a wireless remote technology that would beam live video to a remote monitor.
2			round	shot	championship	sport			donald moves in front at dunhill links championship st. andrews, scotland sports network luke donald shot a four under 68 on saturday to move into the lead after the third round of the dunhill links championship.
4			siemens	technology			siemens a1.86bn deal with bbc german industrial giant siemens has signed aa1.86 billion contract to deliver technology services around the world to the bbc, a deal that will see it acquire the broadcaster 's technology subsidiary.
4			system	microsoft			new windows xp update huge if microsoft corp. possessed the panache of apple computer inc., it would have named the new windows xp operating system release after a fabulous feline, as in jaguar or
3			value			the elusive value of goody's despite an encouraging third quarter, the market still isn't sure what to make of goody's.
3			value			sprint reports wider loss in third quarter sprint corp. on tuesday reported a wider loss for the third quarter as it wrote off 3.5 billion in value for its long distance assets.
3			sale	holding			sales help narrow loss for sotheby's international auctioneers sotheby's holdings inc. on tuesday said its third quarter loss narrowed slightly on higher sales.
4			user	microsoft	vulnerability	tool	software	file			microsoft issues tool to head off jpeg exploits microsoft has issued a software tool that scans users computers to help them find software that may be affected by a recently discovered vulnerability in the way many windows programs process jpeg files.
3			drink	profit	stock			stocks to watch thursday the world's no. 2 soft drink company said on thursday quarterly profit rose due to tax benefits.
1			party	election			new forces mark bolivia election bolivians vote in local elections with grassroots groups set to challenge the traditional political parties.
4			software	database			google buys digital mapping company google inc. said wednesday that it acquired keyhole corp., a mountain view, calif. based company that combines a database of mapping information and images collected from satellites and airplanes with software.
3			good	profit	sale	share			yahoo profit triples on google stake sale yahoo inc. reported on tuesday a quarterly net profit that more than tripled from the year earlier, boosted by the sale of shares it held in rival google inc. and stronger online ad revenue that analysts said may signal good results from other web search providers.
4			microsoft	software			microsoft wants to improve your image new imaging software is making eyes at those squinty camera phone pictures.
2			title			cyclist gets gold plus the record athens capping a perfect year, sarah ulmer of new zealand set a stunning world record and won olympic gold to add to her world title in the three kilometer pursuit on sunday.
2			general	game	side			last chance saloon for diouf el hadji diouf has always enjoyed courting controversy. be it spitting, diving or being a general nuisance to all and sundry the senegal international has a penchant for getting involved in the more unsavoury side of the game.
2			play	user	game			jfk reloaded game causes controversy game invites users to play the role of jfk 's assassin, causing some observers to wonder whether video games have gone too far.
4			development	generation	version			palmsource introduces cobalt 6.1 for smartphones palmsource has introduced palm os cobalt 6.1, an enhanced version of palm os cobalt. designed to accelerate the development of next generation palm powered smartphones and wireless devices, palm os cobalt
4			election	language	technology			fairfax e voting video speaks immigrants' languages fairfax county is putting its technology prowess to work for its new immigrants on election day.
4			space	system	glitch			russian spaceship glitch may delay next launch to iss a technical glitch with a docking system of a russian spaceship might postpone the next crew 's launch to the international space station by five to 10 days, media
2			career	point	high	game			warriors hold on against celtics troy murphy had his fourth straight double double with a career high 30 points and 15 rebounds, and the golden state warriors won consecutive games for the first time this
2			game			burial site found near ancient olympia archeologists have discovered ancient graves near ancient olympia, the hallowed site where the olympic games were born in 776 bc, the culture ministry said thursday.
2			fan	club			redknapp move angers pompey fans the chairman of portsmouth 's supporters club believes many fans will turn on former boss harry redknapp after his impending move to rivals southampton.
2			coach	game	wizard	season			jordan, brown return wizards coach eddie jordan returned to the bench wednesday against the nets after missing two games with a blood clot in his leg and kwame brown was activated for the first time this season.
3			increase	software	enterprise			survival of software's fittest darwin may work in the flat enterprise software market mergers and acquisitions are expected to increase the clout of leading firms.
1			democrat	gain			hk vote count late, few democrat gains in exit polls hong kong pro democracy candidates, stung by a sex scandal, made limited gains against the beijing camp in legislative polls as voters wary of irking their communist rulers chose stability, results showed on monday.
4			software			enhances its software as service approach ceo benioff co. are more of a disruptive force in the software industry than ever before. by tony kontzer. salesforce.
2			team	point	race	score			monza race report: a bad day for renault the team failed to score points after a race that saw difficult track conditions in the early stages and a ferrari one two in their home race.
3			share			wpp, hellman each bid $ 900 shr for grey reports uk advertising group wpp wppgy uk:wpp offered $ 1.25 billion for new york ad firm grey global grey in a cash and share deal valued at more than $ 900 a share, the wall street journal reported.
1			leadership	pas	election			lawmakers divided on c.i.a. chief's leadership the controversy erupted as the congress prepared to return for a post election session under pressure to pass legislation that would create a national director of intelligence.
3			percent	share	growth	chain	earnings			radioshack sees '05 earnings up radioshack corp. , the no. 3 u.s consumer electronics chain, said on wednesday it expects 2005 earnings per share growth of as much as 21 percent as it improves customer service and expands implements new growth initiatives.
4			general	technology	fuel			daimlerchrysler, gm join on hybrids daimlerchrysler and general motors will jointly develop new hybrid motors to compete against japanese rivals on the fuel saving technology that reduces harmful emissions, the companies said on monday.
2			game			midway could be viacom acquisition target media conglomerate viacom inc. is considering expanding into the video game business and could acquire publisher midway games inc. , according to a regulatory filing on friday by viacom chief sumner redstone, who owns a controlling stake in midway.
4			enterprise	identity	system	application	access			caymas introduces company and products caymas systems made its formal debut monday, releasing three identity driven access gateways designed for control of internal and external access to enterprise data and applications.
3			shareholder	value			mercedes in 3q is ugly duckling to chrysler 's swan daimler benz 's $ 34 billion acquisition of chrysler corp. in 1999, having wiped out substantial shareholder value, finally may be starting to justify the rationale of its architects.
3			shareholder	management	team			peoplesoft rejects latest oracle bid as inadequate peoplesoft's rejection puts the company's fate in the hands of its shareholders and shows that its new management team intends to continue to fight the merger with oracle.
2			player	team			showalter, cox are tops bobby cox and buck showalter were given little chance of success after payroll purges pushed out key players. proving the predictions wrong, their teams won, anyway, and so did the managers.
4			energy	project			several mass. communities eye wind power wind power projects are in various stages around the state, from the atlantic coast in the east to the wooded slopes of the berkshire mountains in the west, gigantic towers whose hurtling blades are designed to create clean energy.
2			soccer	football			blackburn make move for wales manager hughes blackburn rovers have approached the football association of wales faw for permission to speak to wales manager mark hughes, welsh soccer 's ruling body said on wednesday.
2			player	game	hit			ban hits half life 2 pirates hard about 20,000 pirate players of half life 2 have been banned from the game.
4			system	server	storage			sony raises the bar for personal video recorders japan 's sony corp. will begin selling a computer and home server system in japan with 1,000 gigabytes of hard drive storage enough to record six tv channels for a week straight the company said.
4			microsoft	software			microsoft still hopes to settle with eu even though its appeal is ongoing, the software giant hopes to make a deal.
2			game	redskin	season			redskins swing, miss on orchestrating complete game the problems that plagued the washington redskins at the beginning of the season are the same ones that dog the washington redskins at the end of october.
4			un	system	technology			nuclear body seeks new technology outdated computer systems are hampering the work of inspectors, says the un nuclear agency.
4			piracy	technology			companies move to anti piracy chips nds, stmicroelectronics and thomson announced on friday that they will begin implementing new anti piracy technology to weed out video piracy.
2			player			dell unveils holiday lineup, including new plasma tvs it also shows off new printers and music players.
2			player	game			nintendo's newest product aims for adults the nintendo ds, which is geared for adults and older teenage video game players, has wireless capability for the internet and two display screens.
4			concern	tool	application	infrastructure			mobile apps rising the demomobile 2004 spotlight shone on tools and services designed to mobilize business and application processes, as earlier concerns regarding wireless infrastructure build out and coverage have faded.
4			user	system	ibm	software	upgrade	single	management	server			ibm upgrades blade servers ibm corp. will soon begin shipping upgraded models of its hs20 and js20 blade servers, including a new scsi small computer system interface option for the hs20 that will double the number of scsi blades that users can fit into a single chassis, the company announced friday. the armonk, new york, computer maker also announced new management software for the servers designed to make them cooler and easier to manage.
4			processor	desktop	amd	system	management	technology	high			amd adds power saving at the high end future opteron processors will have power management technology from amd 's laptop and desktop systems, the company has announced.
3			management			update 1 bear stearns to buy cigna 's timessquare bond firm bear stearns cos. bsc.n: quote, profile, research on tuesday said its asset management arm agreed to buy cigna corp. 's ci.n: quote, profile, research timessquare capital management inc.
2			game	football			college football games on tv northwestern 3 3 vs. wisconsin 7 0 when, where: tomorrow, noon, at madison, wis. tv: espn.
2			high	standard	sport			palmone intros tungsten t5 pda palmone inc. on monday introduced the tungsten t5, the company 's latest high end pda. the new t5 sports flash memory that will retain data even if the device 's battery discharges, a 320 x 480 pixel color screen, bluetooth standard and more.
4			linux	software	source			briefly: korean software maker joins asian linux group roundup plus: macromedia announces training tool...yahoo launches local search engine...sybase links back office to mobile devices...legal expert joins open source screening firm.
2			united	game			can us salvage a bronze? the game was concocted by a physical education instructor in massachusetts and dominated by the united states at the olympics for most of the 20th century.
4			system	fuel			peugeot unveils fuel saving stop start system france 's biggest carmaker, psa peugeot citroen, unveiled a new system on tuesday to reduce emissions and save fuel by allowing drivers to cut their engines when they are not moving.
1			president			update 2: immucor ceo to step aside during probe immucor inc. said president and chief executive are under criminal investigation in italy for alleged improper payments to a doctor, the maker of blood testing equipment said tuesday.
4			system	low			dust makes mesh of wireless sensors start up dust networks takes the covers off a low power wireless system for linking sensors in walls, remote cameras and other places.
4			use	worm	technology	enterprise			infocus: detecting worms and abnormal activities with netflow, part 1 this paper discusses the use of netflow, a traffic profile monitoring technology available on many routers, for use in the early detection of worms, spammers, and other abnormal network activity in large enterprise networks and service providers.
4			attack	technology	core			sony zooms in with new tv tech electronics giant develops new television technology to attack core business from a new angle.
2			stadium	game	shot			games go eons back in time today athens, greece the slogan for these olympics is, welcome home. but the games really go home today, when the men 's and women 's shot put are held in the excavated stadium of ancient olympia, which started all this madness in 776 bc ...
4			app	application	server			oracle targets smbs with app server lite officials at oracle quote, chart used its open world show in london as a springboard to launch an application server offering for small to medium sized businesses smb tuesday.
4			software	price			peoplesoft open to oracle bid director a peoplesoft inc. board member told a delaware court on tuesday that the software maker would consider a bid from its rival oracle corp. provided the price was right and a deal closed quickly.
2			auto	player			grand theft auto: san andreas has few faults grand theft auto: san andreas, $ 49.99, format: playstation 2. players: 1 2. category: action.
4			lab	mini			mini lab offers on the spot tests the research arm of the mod has come up with a portable lab that can used by vets, doctors and the food industry.
3			investment			hp's fiorina: sometimes it spending is a 'bad thing' speaking to financial analysts at the banc of america securities investment conference yesterday, hp chairman and ceo carly fiorina downplayed hopes that corporate budget surpluses would drive it spending increases in the fourth quarter.
1			politician	minister			sweden remembers slain foreign minister hundreds of swedes paused outside a department store saturday to remember their former foreign minister, a popular politician who was stabbed and killed by a mentally ill man while shopping one year ago.
2			fighting	game	win			even in win, nasty vibes as you saw yesterday, they re fighting back now. not with the world, but with themselves. when you ve been humiliated at your own game, ridiculed and laughed at back home and can 't intimidate australia anymore, someone 's bound to mope.
2			medal	tribunal	sport			hamm gets to keep gold medal us gymnast paul hamm can keep the gold medal he won in the men 's all around event at the athens olympics, a sports tribunal ruled thursday in lausanne, switzerland.
3			trading	stock	share			stocks to watch among the companies whose shares are likely to see active trading in wednesday 's session is orbitz orbz: news, chart, profile .
2			movie	high	race	sport			thoroughbreds ride high thoroughbred race horses are riding high as purse money grows along with television audiences for the sport made even more popular by hollywood movies such as seabiscuit.
4			user	software	alternative			mpaa asks supreme court to crush p2pers the motion picture ass. of america mpaa , along with its audio alternative, the recording industry ass. of america riaa are appealing against their failed appeal in a bid to make p2p software suppliers accountable for the actions of their users.
4			desktop	tool	player	developer			a new player in desktop search copernic, a well known developer of web search tools, is entering the desktop search marketplace with the release of a new product today.
1			leader	election			karzai rival refuses to concede election hamid karzai's rivals said sunday it was too early to call afghanistan's inaugural presidential election, despite the interim leader's dominant showing after three days of vote counting. the u.s. backed incumbent's main challenger, yunus qanooni, insisted that a full count and a proper investigation by a panel of foreign experts on fraud allegations could yet put him in the running...
2			airport	championship	sport			hamm 's case to keep gold goes to arbitrators as he headed by car to jfk airport saturday evening to fly to lausanne, switzerland, to defend his olympic all around championship before the court of arbitration for sport, gymnast paul hamm was calm and collected.
4			technology			philips sells pc screens arm to tpv technology by francesco guerrera in hong kong and ian bickerton in amsterdam. philips, the dutch electronics company, on thursday said it had sold its personal computer screens business to the taiwanese group tpv technology
3			retailer			wild oats, pathmark warn on results natural and organic foods retailer wild oats markets inc. oats.o: quote, profile, research and pathmark stores inc. ptmk.o: quote, profile, research both warned on monday that their
3			fund	profit			funds turn negative on global profits fund managers views on corporate profitability worldwide have turned sharply negative over the past month for the first time in three years, a merrill lynch survey of fund managers shows.
4			seed	technology			the seed of apple 's innovation in an era when most technology outfits have tightened their belts to adapt to a slower growing market, one company stands out for forging ahead on innovation: apple computer aapl . others have slashed r
4			user	system	ottawa	technology	institute			era of nose steered web surfing system arrives has the era of hands free web surfing arrived? dmitry gorodnichy, an inventor from the institute of information technology in ottawa, has developed a computer navigation system that relies on the movements of a users nose to direct a cursor.
4			application	version			macromedia contributes to ebay stores macromedia has announced a special version of its contribute website editing application designed to simplify the creation and customisation of ebay stores.
2			final	race			a race day washout? the fia has already cancelled todays activities at suzuka as super typhoon ma on heads towards the 5.807km circuit. saturday practice has been cancelled altogether while pre qualifying and final qualifying
4			bell	team	technology			why sprint and nextel got hitched in the world of big time telecom, the baby bells have been hogging the spotlight as they bulk up to compete against an onslaught of new technology and their arch rivals, the cable companies. for competitors hovering outside the bells' territory, that sends a stark message: team up or get smashed. sprint corp. and nextel communications inc. chose the former, announcing on dec. 15 a 35 billion deal to merge into the third largest wireless powerhouse. with a market capitalization of 70 billion, the new reston va...
3			profit	earnings			defense work gives caci boost in earnings lucrative defense department contracts, gained partly through acquisitions, helped boost caci international inc.'s first quarter revenue and profit.
4			project			guest editorial: google changes the world said one participant in the project, this is the day the world changes, and you have to grant that he is on to something: google 's plan to put the contents of five major libraries
2			champion	title	team	season			rossi expects backlash from honda newly crowned world champion valentino rossi is already looking forward to a bigger challenge next season. rossi, who clinched his fourth straight world motogp title on sunday, expects former team honda to provide an even sterner challenge than this year.
4			technique	silicon	processor	amd			amd uses strained silicon on 90 nanometer chips amd will implement the strained silicon manufacturing technique on its upcoming 90 nanometer processors as well as 130 nanometer processors.
2			trick	game	season			hawk one ups himself it turns out richard awa was just warming up when he scored a hat trick in waltham's first game this season.
1			measure	election	party	democrat	price			schroeder 's party routed in state polls chancellor gerhard schroeder and his social democrats have suffered a stinging loss in the western state of saarland in the first of several regional elections whose outcome will measure the political price of unpopular cuts in social welfare
1			election			alaska judge orders ballots reprinted a superior court judge on wednesday ordered the state to rewrite, reprint and redistribute all its ballots for the nov. 2 election, saying the wording of a ballot initiative was inaccurate and biased...
3			chain	sale	fall			chain store sales slip in latest week chain store retail sales continue to fall during the week following the thanksgiving holiday, a retail report said on tuesday.
3			sale	price			eu, 6 hollywood studios settle antitrust six hollywood studios have settled charges that they curtailed price competition in the sale of films to pay television channels in the european union, the european commission announced on tuesday.
4			system	speed			new national check processing law takes effect thurs. new york ap oct. 28, 2004 don 't write a check you can 't cover now. a new check processing system went into effect thursday that speeds the time it takes for a check to clear.
4			technology	generation			toshiba to launch hd dvd notebook pcs in q4 2005 japan's toshiba corp. said on wednesday it would introduce notebook computers with hd dvd technology in the last quarter of 2005 in a move to pressure rivals in the battle over formats for next generation dvds.
4			player	technology			ahead pushes nero digital format for dvds deal with ess technology will add support for ahead's variant of the mpeg 4 video format on dvd players.
3			profit			blockbuster posts big loss on charge blockbuster inc. on wednesday posted a 1.42 billion quarterly loss due to a charge, while profit from its operations slid due to higher marketing costs, falling rental demand and escalating competition.
2			team	season			ferrari will miss f1 team meeting team bosses will discuss their plans to cut costs in f1 including a proposal to cut testing to just ten days during the season for all teams.
2			coach	football	team			aragones under investigation for comments the spanish football federation has launched an investigation into national team coach luis aragones racial comments.
4			design	system			spansion enters serial flash memory market spansion and fujitsu today announced an entirely new flash memory family designed to reduce costs and dramatically simplify system design of flash enabled consumer electronics, pc peripherals, and in cabin automotive electronics.
2			play	pitch	team			keane 's job to inspire, not just play roy keane 's return to the irish team is not so much about what he can produce on the pitch, but what he can inspire in others.
1			plot			9 11 commission details lax u.s. controls a new report from the now defunct sept. 11 commission details the lax controls on immigration and customs that the hijackers exploited to carry out their plot.
2			race			paula devastated over marathon agony an emotional paula radcliffe said today that she is mystified as to why, despite her thorough preparations, she was unable to complete yesterday 's marathon race.
2			jay	coach	team			canada fires coach of national team jay triano was fired as coach of the canadian national team tuesday, a move triano said was due to his inability to give enough time to the job.
4			user	patrick	technology			internet is a victim of its own success it is the news that internet users do not want to hear: the worldwide web is in danger of collapsing around us. patrick gelsinger, the chief technology officer for computer chip maker intel, told a conference
4			user			mobile phone users double since 2000 mobile phone subscribers around the globe totaled nearly 1.5 billion by the middle of this year, about one quarter of the world's population, according to the international telecommunication union.
4			aid	enterprise	ibm	software	server	application	version			ibm updates websphere application server software ibm has announced version 6 of its websphere application server software, which is designed to protect applications from server downtime and aid enterprise efforts to build a service oriented architecture.
2			game			weaned on video games video gamers are getting younger and younger. and parents and the video game industry agree that the implications are likely to be huge.
4			ipod	technology			apple fights back against realnetworks cupertino, calif. apple computer is trying to stop realnetworks from taking a bite out of the ipod market. apple is blocking the technology used by realnetworks harmony music downloading service.
2			coach	championship	ncaa			sanderson takes coaching job at iowa sta olympic gold medalist cael sanderson was hired as an assistant wrestling coach at iowa state, where he went 159 0 while winning four ncaa championships.
3			finance	application	suite	enterprise			cognos launches financial consolidation applications in response to the latest external reporting requirements from the feds, cognos announced this week three additions to its suite of financial applications targeted at the enterprise office of finance.
3			investor	growth	high	profit			rocky mountain heads toward highs high powered profit growth has investors dipping into this mall based confectioner.
1			president			update 1: eisner told king, board different stories walt disney co. chief executive michael eisner testified thursday that he told disney 's directors he was hoping to trade president michael ovitz to sony corp.
4			system	robot			isp telenor cripples zombie pc network authorities in singapore shut down a large network of around 10,000 robot, or zombie, computers this week, after technicians at norwegian internet service provider isp telenor asa stumbled on the illicit network by tracing internet relay chat irc communications from compromised customer pcs on its system.
4			system	networking	second			3com posts wider than expected loss 3com corp. on thursday posted a wider than expected second quarter loss, amid stiff competition from cisco systems inc. and others in the telecommunications networking market.
2			jeff	point	team	coach	game			a loaf, then a laugh cal dawdles in 1st half, still rips huskies with his team hanging onto a one point lead at the half, cal coach jeff tedford said he was fairly restrained. he d already let the bears have it before the game.
3			shareholder			hollywood, but holly shouldn't hollywood entertainment's board wants shareholders to accept the lowest buyout offer. that's called negotiating?
1			leadership	team	president			barroso nears eu revamp as latvia replaces nominee european commission president designate jose barroso came a step closer to ending the stalemate over his leadership team when latvia bowed to pressure to replace its commissioner.
1			war	president			tutu and mbeki in war of words the row between south african president thabo mbeki and archbishop desmond tutu worsens.
4			exchange	system	sec	technology			sec charges ex peregrine execs with fraud the u.s. securities and exchange commission on wednesday said it filed civil fraud charges against six former senior officers at peregrine systems inc. who orchestrated and tried to cover up a massive accounting fraud at the technology company.
3			growth	profit	chain	country	rise	sale			tesco reigns supreme as it announces 24 rise in profits tesco demonstrated its position as the country 's biggest supermarket chain yesterday with a 24 rise in interim profits and its fastest sales growth in almost 10 years.
4			united	british	technology			kidde accepts takeover by united tech kidde plc, the british fire and safety company, said thursday it had agreed to a 1.4 billion pound 2.8 billion takeover by united technologies corp.
4			desktop	microsoft	tool	server	technology	second	beta			ms rolls out second interim beta of sql server 2005 microsoft corp. on friday released its second community technology preview of sql server 2005 and rolled out a new, free tool to manage sql server 2000 and msde microsoft desktop engine 2000.
4			design	computing			editorial: different strokes for different handhelds mobile computing editor larry garfield looks at the different design strategies of the leading handheld companies, and muses on what it says about the way they think.
2			player			kidnappers release robinho's mother p p p by joao carlos assumpcao p p santos, brazil reuters kidnappers freed on friday themother of santos forward robinho, one of brazil's most talentedyoung players, 40 days after seizing her at gunpoint while shewas attending a barbecue. p
2			sport			emotional farewell for sainz citroen 's carlos sainz admitted he was overwhelmed by the support he received on the rally catalunya. the spanish driver, who last month announced his intention to retire from the sport, finished third on
2			play			smith expected to be unveiled by scotland the sfa have tried to play down speculation smith right had been offered the job on monday but his appointment would come as little surprise.
2			point	final	playoff	series	score	sale	win	game	sport			wnba playoff game capsules friday, october 1st final score: connecticut 61, new york 51 new york, ny sports network nykesha sales scored 15 points to lead connecticut to a 61 51 win over new york in game 1 of their best of three eastern conference finals series at madison square garden.
2			game	football			sponsorship of football rivalry weakens meaning of tradition the big game has a new name and a fat contract to go with it. and corporate america has tarnished another great college football tradition.
4			technology			asian telecom firms come together seven asian telecommunications firms are coming together to invest between $ 30m and $ 40m 16.3m and 22m in new mobile phone services and technology.
4			system	brain			spinning brains one day, astronauts could zip across the solar system in spinning spaceships. how will their brains adapt to life onboard a twirling home where strange coriolis forces rule?
1			leader	politics	top			frist eyes return to medical practice senate majority leader bill frist, near the top of most lists of possible gop presidential candidates in 2008, said sunday he still sees himself as a physician and suggested that medical work rather than politics could be in his future.
4			integration	suite			the post merger pervasive with more native drivers than ever, pervasive software's data integration suite packs a punch.
1			president	victory	race	election			groups seek to address voting troubles despite president bush's clear margin of victory in the 2004 presidential race, voting and civil rights advocates say the election did not go as smoothly as americans might think.
1			politics	politician	ally	minister	prime	president			syrian ally named as lebanon's premier lebanon's president appointed a staunchly pro syrian politician, omar karami, as prime minister on thursday, asking him to form the next government in a move that consolidates syria's hold on lebanese politics.
2			trophy	cup	championship			stanley cup vanishes the stanley cup must start to watch its weight. due to restrictions on weight of luggage, the championship trophy went missing in baggage claim in vancouver for a while on sunday.
4			use	patent	technology	lawsuit			honeywell sues 34 companies over lcd patent the lawsuit claims the companies use a patented honeywell technology for brightening images and reducing interference on displays.
2			game	title			mayhem, for fun i admit to being skeptical that the teen rated burnout 3: takedown, from criterion games and electronic arts, was going to be just another street racing title.
4			microsoft	software	technology	cell	british	lawsuit			microsoft settles with sendo in cell phone dispute microsoft and british phone maker sendo said on monday they had settled a lawsuit in which the cell phone firm had accused the software giant of stealing its technology and customers.
4			platform	computing	enterprise			new mobile athlon 64 guns for centrino thin and light is the order of the day in enterprise mobile computing, and road warriors have had the benefit of intel 's centrino platform, which has allowed for some featherweight notebook offerings of late.
3			sale			mobile phones boost retail sales retail sales picked up strongly in september, official figures show, helped by strong demand for mobile phones.
4			database	ibm	software	technology	feature	computing			ibm debuts stinger database software featuring autonomic computing technologies. big blue says the new features will reduce the time and skills needed to set up and maintain a database.
2			champion	team	sport			f1 teams meet on cost cuts sans ferrari nine formula 1 teams issued proposals to dramatically reduce costs in the sport next year as they turned the heat on world champions ferrari on saturday.
4			system	software			reports subscriber surge the subscription software company adds 85,000 individual subscribers to its online customer information system.
4			software			pair accused of cracking software two men accused of putting copied computer programmes on the internet saw themselves as latter day robin hoods , a court hears.
4			point	technology			after delays, intel points to chip making advance intel corp is on track to introduce the worlds most advanced chip production technology in its products next year, the largest semiconductor maker said on sunday.
1			peace	conflict	party			basque party 'to call for peace the banned basque separatist party, batasuna, is expected to appeal for an end to decades of armed conflict in its campaign for basque independence.
1			use	election			internet expands political exposure, study finds in its third presidential election, the internet has finally reached political adolescence. candidates use it to raise millions and rally their followers.
4			desktop	microsoft	software			photo gallery: microsoft revs its car windows the software juggernaut that conquered the desktop is racing to get windows into your next car.
4			software	microsoft			update 12: eu accuses microsoft of paternal view microsoft corp. said friday that small companies and their customers would suffer most if it is forced to remove its digital media software from windows, while the european union accused it of being paternalistic
3			sale			schrager eyes london hotels sale ian schrager, known for his luxury boutique hotels, has hung for sale signs over two of his london hotels, the st martins lane and the sanderson.
4			software			a 'plan b' for peoplesoft customers with an oracle buyout looking likely, software maintenance start up tomorrownow's phone is ringing off the hook.
2			player	game	season			nintendo ds will be on shelves in time for christmas season nintendo said yesterday its new flashy handheld game player, the nintendo ds, will be ready for the all important holiday shopping season.
2			producer	good	talk	game	sport			trip to olympics or feel good talk? the answer was a surprise to many michael weisman, producer of some of the biggest games in sports, has become the executive producer of the jane pauley show.
4			software			mind those ims your cubicle's walls have eyes as more firms install software to keep tabs on workers, start ups and heavy hitters alike spy an opportunity in surveillance products.
4			user	database	plot	tool	system	upgrade	software	development	application	version			sybase upgrades powerbuilder, plots rfid move at its annual user conference in orlando, sybase inc. released a new version of its application development tool, outlined plans for an upgrade to its database software and planned to preview a system for tracking rfid data.
3			sale	estate			kmart: rich in cash and real estate but not in sales kmart looks like a true retail oddity: simultaneously losing ground with the american shopper and generating cash like a slot machine.
2			winner	medal	team	nation	top	game			greek drugs embarrassment overshadows phelps greece was rocked by the threat of being stripped of an athens games medal and the host nation's team manager offered to quit on friday, as doping overshadowed michael phelps' drive to be olympic swimming's top medal winner.
1			leader	election	president			somalis vie to be new president twenty eight candidates are approved to contest next week's elections to be somalia's new leader.
4			cell			nothing too discreet about diodes' plans for continued success a few years ago, a cell phone could go three days without a battery recharge. today, it's up to a week and climbing, says c.h. chen, chief executive of chipmaker diodes.
4			microsystems	enterprise	system	software	ibm	management	application			services buy broadens sun 's software support sun microsystems has acquired enterprise applications management company sevenspace, allowing its managed services arm to support hp ux and ibm 's aix systems for the first time.
3			investment	high	chain			icelandic firm buys fashion chain icelandic investment group baugur extends its presence on the uk high street with the purchase of budget fashion chain mk one.
2			affair	final	victory	win	cup	game			vogts expects victory scotland manager berti vogts insists he is expecting nothing but victory against moldova on wednesday. the game certainly is a must win affair if the scots are to have any chance of qualifying for the 2006 world cup finals.
1			leader	election			after hong kong election, china faces new calculus the chinese government refrained on monday from saying much about the results of sunday's elections in hong kong, but the country's communist leaders had reason to be pleased.
4			software	vendor			peoplesoft denies execs visited oracle peoplesoft inc. on tuesday denied an analyst report that its executives recently met with oracle corp. , the rival software vendor that last year launched a hostile bid for peoplesoft.
2			game	dream			athens waves goodbye after 'dream' games hundreds of thousands of athletes, officials and visitors waved goodbye to athens in a post olympics exodus monday, leaving city officials to probe a doping scandal that tarnished an otherwise dream games.
4			user	email	technology			yahoo! nipping at google 's heels on email as part of its ongoing battle with google goog:nasdaq news research for the loyalty of internet users, yahoo! said it had implemented new antispam technology for its web based email service.
2			player			dell rides the wave to consumer gadgets dell dell will set out thursday to conquer markets dominated by apple appl , hewlett packard hpq and others with products that include its first small digital music player, photo printer and plasma tv.
2			franchise			infogrames sells civilisation franchise for $ 22.3m french publisher infogrames has announced its results for the first half of fy 2005, revealing in the process that the firm has sold off the lucrative civilisation franchise to an as yet unknown purchaser.
2			player	team	football	bowl			study: 27 of 56 bowl teams graduate less than half their players twenty seven of the 56 schools with bowl bound football teams graduated less than half their players, a study released tuesday shows.
1			country	president	ally			ethiopia ally elected somali president ethiopian backed warlord abdullahi yusuf was elected somali president by lawmakers on sunday in the 14th attempt in a decade to restore government to the lawless african country.
4			database	dna	worry	technology	use	scientist			use of dna databases questioned the scientist who discovered genetic fingerprinting 20 years ago said yesterday that he has some worries about the use of the technology.
2			championship			different date, same story anyone who hoped the decision to move this year 's wales rally gb from its usual place on the world rally championship calendar would result in easier and safer driving conditions had a rude awakening on the first full day 's competing.
4			technology	identity			verisign touts childrens' online identity token verisign inc. and a children's safety group unveiled a new technology on thursday that they said would make it easier for children to avoid child predators online.
4			war	piracy	technology			recording of digital broadcasts is new frontier technologies that let people record satellite and internet radio broadcasts digitally are opening a new front in the recording industry's war on music piracy.
4			aid	system	file	saint	technology			saint francis hospital digitizes patient records with ge systems saint francis hospital, a tulsa heart care center, announced on monday that with the aid of ge healthcare it has installed of a new information technology system to handle hospital files.
3			dealer	share	trading	sale			reuters up on report instinet up for sale shares in global news and information provider reuters group plc rose to their highest level since april after a report thursday that the firm may sell its u.s. electronic trading subsidiary, dealers said.
4			processor	server	core			intel silent on jayhawk replacement chip maker offers few details about its plans for dual core server processors.
2			stadium	captain			all blacks rest captain new zealand made the rare move of resting its captain, and wales named three changes for their rugby test at millennium stadium on saturday.
4			ibm	software	feature			ibm rolling out biggest websphere update in 2 years ibm late on tuesday announced the biggest update of its popular websphere business software in two years, adding features such as automatically detecting and fixing problems.
2			league	marlin	team			pavano unlikely to return to marlins carl pavano probably won't return to the florida marlins but needs time to choose among the six american league teams that have courted him.
3			holding			more on qantas singapore airlines has finally ended its great kiwi adventure, at a loss of more than $ 500 million, but probably a lot more if you take into account opportunity cost, holding costs and
2			play	baseball	game			a nice addition was subtracted he didn't play. that, in and of itself, is hoop halley's comet. for all the trees that have been felled over the years chronicling anything and everything about gary payton, there's been one indisputable fact: he doesn't miss games. he can be everything from abrasive to solicitous, but he is unfailingly durable. if this were baseball, doc rivers wouldn't have ...
1			president			amid battle with oracle, peoplesoft fires its chief in a surprise move, peoplesoft today fired its president and chief executive officer, craig conway, citing a loss of confidence.
4			software	microsoft	version			microsoft renews push for living room pc microsoft corp. msft.o is making a renewed push this week to get its software into living rooms with the launch of a new version of its windows xp media center, a personal
2			coach			colander misses chance to emulate jones but for a decision that enraged her coach, latasha colander might have been the marion jones of the athens olympics.
4			attack	microsoft	system	software	access			word mangled by unpatched security hole a highly critical and unpatched security hole in microsoft 's ubiquitous word software could be used to launch a denial of service attack and give system access.
4			software	management	application			compuware looks to cut risks in apps deployment compuware this week is upgrading its vantage application service management software to highlight predictive analysis and performance assessment.
3			share			earthlink to share con ed 's lines earthlink will begin providing internet connections over consolidated edison 's power lines in manhattan in the next several months, following an fcc vote last week to establish new ground rules for commercial deployment of the service.
4			system			sony says all systems go for psp launch handheld gaming device debuts in japan this weekend, but won't be available in u.s. until next year.
1			fighting			fighting over brown jan. 14: nu offers brown a contract extension through 2009 and a raise after holy cross offers him its head coaching position.
4			science	specie			new species of monkey found in india a species of monkey unknown to science has been discovered in arunachal pradesh, according to the new york based wildlife conservation society.
4			system	networking	broadband			vsnl, cisco to make broadband cheaper tata group company videsh sanchar nigam and global networking major cisco systems inc on tuesday signed a rs 500 crore rs 5 billion agreement to deploy broadband metro ethernet solution, that will offer broadband services at less than rs 1,000 per month
4			user			verisign loses icann antitrust case a federal judge has dismissed an antitrust complaint against an internet oversight group brought by a company that controls directories for internet users worldwide.
3			finance			suntrust fires 3 finance execs suntrust banks inc., a large u.s. southeast regional bank, on wednesday said it fired three finance executives, including its chief credit officer, after uncovering problems in how it accounted for bad loans.
4			user	skype	voip	microsoft	system	software	technology			skype delivers mobile voip voice over internet calling is now available for pda users, with skype technologies officially launching software designed for handhelds running the microsoft windows pocket pc operating system.
4			technology			philips to sell monitor, part of flat tv ops to tpv singapore dutch electronics giant philips said on thursday it will sell its oem monitor business and part of its flat screen tv operations to taiwan 's tpv technology for us $ 350
2			game	football	championship	offense			take it to the bank it 's usc, sooners college football 's goofy formula for selecting the finalists for the national championship game on jan. 4 is clicking about as well as the university of washington 's offense, right?
2			leader	winner	medal	team	game			cycling: even after firing hamilton, phonak 's attitude derails ... paris despite its revelation that it has fired tyler hamilton, its leader and the winner of a disputed gold medal at the olympic games in athens, the phonak team lost its appeal to be included in bicycle racing 's reorganized structure, officials announced
2			round	championship	park	sport	desert			park in overdrive at samsung championship palm desert, ca sports network grace park fired a 10 under par 62 on thursday to take the first round lead of the samsung world championship at bighorn.
4			networking			apple debuts fastest ever ibook g4 the new ibook g4 laptop targets consumers and education customers with its 54mbps 802.11g wireless networking and an optional internal bluetooth module for wirelessly connecting peripherals.
4			good	technology			managing the firehose of real time information rss feeds, search alerts and other information monitoring technologies are great, but often end up providing too much of a good thing. pubsub is a 'matching engine' that offers a promising new way to keep up to date while alleviating information overload.
4			ibm	talk	technology			lenovo may be in acquisition talks with ibm china's biggest computer maker said tuesday it is in acquisition talks with a major international technology company, a disclosure which comes amid reports it might buy ibm corp.'s personal computer business.
2			player	game	sale			nintendo ds game player makes strong japan debut nintendo co. ltd.'s ds video game player saw strong sales on its debut in japan on thursday, kicking off what is expected to be a fierce fight with rival sony corp.'s playstation portable.
1			leader	coalition	election	bush	president			bush benefits from efforts to build a coalition of the faithful president bush has built relationships over the last four years with a range of religious leaders. the payoff came on election day.
3			sale	gain			adopting a new model yields gains at old fleet within months of acquiring fleetboston financial corp. , bank of america corp. handed out its sales playbook to fleet employees in the branches to teach them how to sell.
4			feature	microsoft	database	server			microsoft boosts bi microsoft is bolstering bi and reporting features in both the existing sql server 2000 database and the planned sql server 2005 release.
4			united	value	technology			utc to buy kidde in 1.4bn deal kidde, the uk fire and safety products company, said yesterday it had accepted a cash offer from united technology corporation that values the group at 1.442bn.
1			party	president	election	bush			bush to name campaign chief to head gop president bush on monday tapped the chairman of his re election campaign, ken mehlman, to head the republican party.
4			server			indymedia servers in the us and uk confiscated by the fbi us authorities issued a court order on october 7 to rackspace to physically remove global indymedia servers in the us and uk. the agency requesting the seizure was the federal bureau of investigation.
4			feature			online search universe is expanding several firms have released new services in the past year. each offers its own innovative wrinkle with features that the search king, google, lacks.
4			microsoft	text	software	technology	server			microsoft, scansoft pair up for speech software text to speech technology will be featured in a range of redmond's server products, beginning with speech server 2004.
4			space	design			rim blackberry 7100v goes to vodafone rim 's new 7100 design is now coming to vodafone, complete with their new suretype keyboard for more space efficient typing. research in motion 's latest blackberry
4			processor	pentium	desktop	run	technology	version			news bits: new pentium 4 m, new sharp 64 bit notebook, oqo relase ... a new version of the pentium 4 aimed at the desktop replacement market was introduced by intel this week. the new chip is called the mobile intel pentium 4 processor 548 supports hyper threading technology and runs at 3.33ghz.
4			standard			dimon to acquire tobacco leaf rival standard commercial dimon to acquire tobacco leaf rival standard commercial
4			user	upgrade	software	version			apple trims music purchases to itunes 4.5 or higher apple computer inc. on wednesday encouraged users of its itunes jukebox software to upgrade to the latest version, available from the company 's web site.
1			military	president	election			feds ask to give overseas voters more time the federal government asked a judge to give military families and overseas voters in pennsylvania until after the nov. 2 election to submit absentee ballots for president because of an ongoing court fight over ralph nader's ballot status.
3			user	growth			porn to boost wireless web services survey mobile phone users around the world will spend $ 1 billion a year on pornography sent to their handsets by 2008, which may boost the wireless services sector much as it fueled growth in the fixed line internet, a market research firm said.
4			use	system	fuel			inkjets shrink, and hewlett sees many new uses hewlett packard plans to use inkjet printing to enter a range of new markets, such as television and computer displays, printed electronic circuits, and automotive fuel injection systems.
4			technology	code	access	exhibition	version			nokia unveils first ipv6 mobile phone nokia corp. on tuesday at the 3g world congress convention and exhibition unveiled the industrys first mobile ipv6 internet protocol version 6 call using its cdma code division multiple access technology.
2			pittsburgh	talk	morning	coach	joe	sport			false alarm triggers response from psu a false alarm on a pittsburgh sports talk show thursday morning ignited a nationwide firestorm of speculation about the job status of penn state coach joe paterno.
3			growth			at wireless purchaser sees higher q3 revenue cingular wireless, which plans to acquire redmond based at wireless services inc. shortly, reported decreased operating income in the third quarter, while it increased revenue on accelerated subscriber growth
4			ibm	technology	development	application	source			ibm releases speech technology to open source ibm has handed over speech technology to two open source groups to boost development of speech recognition applications, which proponents say will eventually become common in customer service call centers, automobiles and elsewhere.
3			management	airway			pay, benefits cuts announced for airline management arlington, va. us airways says it plans to cut 45 m million dollars a year in pay and benefits in a move the airline hopes will convince its union employees to accept 950 m million dollars in annual cost cuts.
2			nfl	play	redskin	season	game			defense is reacting the choreography of defensive play calling and substitutions is one reason for the strong start this season by the redskins' defense ranked atop the nfl after two games.
1			talk			will graves: laettner has learned to live with the labels christian laettner knows what 's coming. he braces for it every time he sees an article with his name in it. somewhere in the middle of the story usually past the part where it talks about laettner 's remarkable
4			system	top	code			advertisers go digital to track ads top marketers are going digital to track the delivery of commercials into u.s. homes with a system some advocates say will revolutionize advertising the way product codes changed the selling of sliced bread.
3			earnings	developer			toll brothers reels in record numbers toll brothers inc. nyse:tol , a developer of luxury homes, reported record fourth quarter and fiscal year end results for earnings, revenue, contracts and backlog.
4			secret	technology			it's secret sauce successful it often requires as much insight into business as into technology.
3			value			dell inspiron 1000 dell 's inspiron 1000 is their latest budget oriented notebook that can provide an excellent value for those willing to shop dell 's site for offers.
4			technology	version			bluetooth chews on future plans a new version of the bluetooth wireless specification and a three year plan for more updates have backers hoping the technology will finally take off in the us market.
4			system	ibm	software	vendor	feature			ibm offers new power5 eserver i5 550 ibm has unveiled today a new power5 system, the eserver i5 550, aimed at mid sized businesses. the eserver i5 550 features a new solution edition, an offering now available with select software vendors. the new eserver i5 also delivers new capabilities ...
2			play	game			china shuts internet cafes china has closed 1,600 internet cafes and fined operators a total of $ us12 million $ 16 million for letting children play violent games and for other violations, the government said.
3			profit			yahoo's 3rd quarter profit nearly quadruples things are going so well for internet powerhouse yahoo inc. yhoo these days that even some of its toughest competition is helping to boost its profits...
3			investor	share			peoplesoft investors urged to tender shares oracle corp. on thursday said in a letter to peoplesoft inc. stockholders that it would withdraw its hostile takeover bid if less than half of peoplesoft shares were tendered by the offer's deadline.
4			top	technology			tech's leading women get props women bosses in technology get plenty of bragging rights in a new wall street journal ranking of the top 50 women to watch. missing links
4			system	crm	application	enterprise			siebel releases flood of bi applications capitalizing on the current trend within the enterprise to reduce the number of applications to support, siebel systems on monday unveiled a package of business analytics solutions that can be deployed by it as both extensions to current crm applications or as stand alone programs.
4			software	management			oracle ups its offer and buys peoplesoft for $ 10.3 billion the acquisition will elevate no.3 ranked oracle to no.2, behind sap of germany, the world's biggest maker of business management software.
2			victory	classic	race			ghostzapper dominates field in $ 4 million classic ghostzapper made the rest of the field in north america 's richest horse race disappear. in resounding fashion, front running ghostzapper romped to a three length victory in saturday 's
4			platform	ibm	vendor	hardware			ibm and intel to open up blade specifications in an effort to encourage hardware vendors to build components for the blade platform they co develop, intel corp. and ibm corp. on thursday will open up parts of the bladecenter
2			coach	point	team			team on the take: bengals like to force issue bill belichick news rarely cites statistics to make a point. so when a particular figure impresses the pats coach, it 's got to be a doozy.
2			champion			us ; japanese born teen youngest us chess champ since bobby ... a teenager from new york state, who just became the youngest us national chess champion since bobby fischer in 1958, says he is more sane than his troubled predecessor.
2			value	game			scalpers sell athens tickets at face value the athens 2004 games which will have a place in history as the olympics homecoming may also be remembered as the games that redefined a ticket scalper 's job.
1			politics	win	green			people and politics how to win the jewish vote when yitzhak rabin coined the phrase political settlements the opposite of security settlements , he was referring to settlements outside the settlement blocs that more or less abut the green line.
2			championship	top	play	showdown	player	match			preview singh and els primed for match play showdown vijay singh and ernie els, the world 's top two players, could not be more confident going into the world match play championship starting at wentworth on thursday.
1			peace	politics	baseball	war			moving toward peace in the middle east with news of politics, war and baseball dominating the headlines, it is easy to overlook events in faraway lands. but people interested in long term peace in the middle east should be encouraged by the historic
4			system			reward system may not help catch spammers the federal trade commission and other law enforcers face three hurdles in having a reward system for anti spam investigations, according to a new ftc report.
3			restaurant	sale	earnings			jack in the box posts strong 4q on sales jack in the box inc. on wednesday reported fourth quarter earnings that sharply exceeded analysts estimates due to increased sales and improved operating margins at its restaurants.
4			system	switch			cisco enhances gigabit ethernet switches cisco systems on tuesday announced enhancements to its catalyst switching product line, and also announced the industry 's first gigabit ethernet enabled ip phone.
2			basketball	player	sport			brawlers suspended the national basketball association suspended four players yesterday in the wake of one of the worst brawls in north american pro sports history.
1			president			oracle may cut its offer for peoplesoft as much as one third oracle corp. is thinking about cutting its offer for peoplesoft by one third to a one fourth. oracle co president safra catz made the statement monday, citing peoplesoft 's 2004 performance as the chief reason
4			generation	system	ibm	server	high			ibm unveils high end power5 i5 server ibm on friday unveiled the latest in its line of next generation iseries servers, the most powerful one to date, in its i5 line of systems based on the power5 chip.
4			spur	tool	ibm	software	development	technology	code	standard	application	source			ibm open sources speech recognition development tools ibm corp. said monday it will release as open source code some of its software for speech enabling applications. the move is intended to spur development in the field and outflank rivals by making ibm's free technology the industry standard.
3			percent	profit	sale	share			bristol myers profit lower, so are shares bristol myers squibb co. on friday said quarterly profit fell 16 percent on special charges and lower u.s. sales amid competition from rival brands and cheaper generics.
2			athletics	tim	sport			athletics: montgomery and gaines doping cases postponed lausanne, switzerland : doping cases of world 100m record holder tim montgomery and chryste gaines have been postponed, the court of arbitration for sport cas said.
4			technology	generation			lucent, mm02 partner on 3g wireless mmo2 plc announced today the launch of its third generation 3g european mobile data network. the network will incorporate hsdpa technology and ims and will position the mobile phone company
2			game			this lying, sneaky spirit of the games the struggle for the soul of the olympics is still not won, not in a thousand years and more. on wednesday, token events took place on the sacred site where the original games took place in ancient olympia hundreds of years before christ.
1			defeat	election	party	tension	president			chen's taiwan poll loss seen easing china strains the pro independence party of taiwan president chen shui bian suffered a surprise defeat in weekend legislative elections that could ease tensions with china but paralyze government on the democratic island.
4			linux	software	server			linux market to exceed $ 35bn by 2008 the overall market revenue for linux desktops, servers and packaged software will exceed $ 35bn by 2008, research published today has claimed.
4			technology	broadband	alternative			fcc approves new broadband hookups supporters say the new technology, which uses electric power lines, could become a major alternative to cable modem and phone connections if fcc approval helps it attract participation of major utility companies.
4			technology	developer			motorola to acquire meshnetworks motorola has agreed to buy meshnetworks, a developer of technology and products for rapidly deployed, self creating wireless mobile networks.
4			upgrade	networking			slow going for networking sector corporate customers are still tight fisted with their budgets as they put off needed upgrades, analysts say.
2			management	sport			sports marketing firm img bought marketing firm forstmann little is set to buy giant sports and lifestyle management company img. the firm is being acquired from trusts set up by img founder, mark mccormack, who died in may 2003, and from the family of img vice chair arthur lafave.
4			system			life will never be the same again for monster cable monster cable products inc. is best known for selling premium priced speaker wires connected to the back of home entertainment systems.
4			software	microsoft			swatch, microsoft launch wireless data watches swiss watchmaker swatch and us software company microsoft have launched a new range of wireless data watches, the companies announced wednesday.
4			user	design			so you want to be a cybercrook... according to security firm sophos, the kits allow users to design sites that have the same look and feel as legitimate online banking sites that can then be used to defraud unsuspecting users by getting them to reveal the details of their financial ...
1			election			florida sets touch screen recounts rule the state set a court ordered rule for recounting touch screen ballots in close elections friday, but voter rights groups complained the changes fell far short of what is needed to ensure a fair vote.
1			debate			emergency defers maldives debate a parliamentary session due to have begun on monday in the maldives has been postponed indefinitely.
2			baseball	reform	steroid	sport			how pumped up is baseball? a growing steroid scandal has entangled the sport's biggest star, and now washington wants reform
4			ibm	computing	enterprise			lenovo to acquire ibm personal computing division lenovo group limited, a personal computer brand in china and across asia has announced a definitive agreement under which lenovo will acquire ibm 's personal computing division to form the world 's third largest pc business, bringing ibm 's enterprise class
4			code			net calls get their own area code the telecoms watchdog ofcom is considering how to regulate firms that let you make calls via the net.
3			share			nortel shares down following news of rcmp probe shares of nortel networks dipped on the tsx in the wake of news the rcmp has launched an investigation into accounting practices at the telecommunications company.
4			energy	project	source			update 2 quebec launches c $ 1.9 bln in wind power projects hydro quebec awarded c $ 1.9 billion $ 1.5 billion in wind power projects to two groups on monday in a massive push to position itself as canada 's biggest buyer of the renewable energy source.
4			ibm	computing			the vision thing tech companies can 't just have products. they have to have a vision. at ibm, it 's on demand computing. at companies in just about any business more complicated than hubcaps, it 's selling solutions.
4			good	software	technology	access	version			good technology supported by hp, samsung the company announces a new version of its wireless messaging and data access software.
4			death	technology			vhs format dies quiet death we re saying goodbye to one of the most important products in the history of consumer technology, dixons marketing director john mewett said.
4			lab	terror	war	technology			a retooled draper now makes what it devises the hunt for terror thwarting technology has brought an unexpected revenue boost and a new in house production burden to a research lab best known for its work on submarine missile guidance and navigation during the cold war.
4			system	infrastructure			airbus tests in flight mobile phones european plane maker airbus sas said yesterday that it has successfully completed the first in flight trial of mobile phones and infrastructure equipment based on global system for mobile communications gsm
3			retailer			humax debuts tivo powered drt800 dvr humax usa in its partnership with tivo are introducting the new humax drt800 dvd recorder with tivo service. for $ 399 after $ 100 rebate , the humax dvd recorder with tivo is available from nationwide retailers
4			silicon	surface	top	technology			intel delays lcos chips for hdtv lcos technology sandwiches a layer of liquid crystal between a cover glass and a highly reflective, mirror like surface patterned with pixels that sits on top of a silicon chip. these layers form a microdisplay that can be used in projection displays such ...
4			silicon	application			wimax just hype for now? these applications will not be large enough to sustain the multitude of silicon suppliers and equipment manufacturers who have expressed interest in developing products for wimax.
1			talk			nicaragua, taiwan open trade talks nicaragua and taiwan opened talks aimed at drafting a free trade deal by the end of 2005, officials said.
4			technology	generation			maxis set to roll out 3g in 2005 mobile phone operator maxis communications bhd expects to roll out its third generation 3g technology in the local market from the first quarter of next year.
2			shooting	game			jfk shooting game branded despicable the family of john f kennedy has blasted a video game that reconstructs the scene of his assassination. monday is the 41st anniversary of the event.
4			crm	enterprise	software	sale	vendor	application			vertical solutions take hold in crm as the enterprise increasingly looks for vertical solutions from its crm vendors, kana software with an on premise solution and entellium with a hosted solution, will both announce this week industry specific best practice applications for customer service and sales force automation.
4			user	system	server	flaw	access			cisco warns of flaws in acs product cisco systems is warning customers about security holes in two access control server products that provide user authentication and authorization services for network devices such as firewalls and routers.
3			sale			kraft foods shedding units? reports say no. 1 food company may divest oscar mayer, post cereal lines and candy units. new york cnn money kraft foods may put its well known oscar mayer, post cereal and altoids brands up for sale as the no.
2			champion	race			fallon arrested in fixing probe champion jockey kieren fallon is among 16 people arrested over allegations of horse race fixing.
4			system			linksys goes dual band on wi fi with its eyes on the future of home entertainment and a relatively uncluttered band of radio spectrum, cisco systems linksys division on wednesday unveiled a line of ieee 802.11g a wireless lan products.
3			trading			ubs to buy schwab units wsj ubs ag is expected to buy charles schwab corp.'s institutional research and trading unit for $ 265 million, the wall street journal said monday, citing unnamed people familiar with the matter.
4			user	engineer	technology			canadian inventor lets everyone be an armchair spy new internet based technology could soon turn regular computer users into armchair spies, a canadian inventor said on monday. vincent tao, an engineer at toronto 's york
4			fund	ibm	mainframe	technology			ibm boosts mainframe offerings the company is opening a technology center in france to showcase how mainframes can be used for back office tasks such as account reconciliation and funds tracking.
4			player	system	access			citrix to acquire ssl vpn provider citrix systems inc. on tuesday announced that it is acquiring a small ssl secure sockets layer vpn provider, a move that company officials hope will position citrix as a major player in the remote access market.
4			use	army	system			anteon to develop army training video anteon international corp. has won a $ 10 million subcontract from lockheed martin corp. to develop a video system for the army to use in its urban warfare training.
1			president			personal tech: hdtv mark cuban, co founder and president of hdnet, discusses the world of digital television.
2			team			raptors look to cool off jazz the toronto raptors will face yet another western team that has manhandled them over the years. fresh off a 108 92 drubbing at the hands of the sacramento kings, the raptors head to utah
4			processor	speed	core			intel puts 4 ghz processor on back burner intel began to downplay so called clock speed of processors within the past year, and other chipmakers followed suit, focusing on other advances such as dual core, which essentially puts two
4			platform			social conservatives wield influence on platform republicans approved a platform against legalized abortion and gay marriage, reflecting the clout of social conservatives.
4			software	attack			sco group web site attacked again software maker sco group has been targeted by hackers once again. this time, the company 's web site was defaced. the attacks began during the long holiday weekend and were first noticed
4			mouse	lab	researcher	development	cell			lab grown sperm fathers baby mice us researchers say that they have found sperm nursery cells in mice, grown them in lab dishes and used them to father baby mice. they say the development could lead to easier ways to genetically manipulate
4			system	microsystems	feature	generation			solaris 10 appears after a steady diet of feature announcements throughout most of this year, sun microsystems officials formally launched their next generation operating system this week.
4			point	fan	technology			google browser may be reality google browser may become reality there has been much fanfare in the mozilla fan camps about the possibility of google using mozilla browser technology to produce a gbrowser the google browser. over the past two weeks, the news and speculation has escalated to the point where even google itself is ...
1			debate			reporter's notebook: the e voting debate brought home computerworld's dan verton went to the polls on tuesday, cast his vote electronically without a hitch, and yet came away from the experience wanting something more than an i voted sticker.
3			good	trading			knicks new look looking good already there are tales of stephon marbury and jamal crawford finishing each other 's sentences. the energetic backcourt tandem officially began trading phone calls when
4			feature			neiman marcus unveils 2004 christmas book neiman marcus on tuesday unveiled its 2004 christmas book, which features an extraordinary array of gifts from a his and her bowling alley to a 230 foot long zeppelin.
4			software			computer associates announces restructuring computer associates international inc. announced a restructuring plan wednesday that would reduce its work force by 800 people worldwide, saving the business software maker $ 70 million annually once the plan is fully implemented.
3			system	profit	software	sale			siebel systems posts profit business software maker siebel systems inc. on wednesday reported a quarterly profit, after a year earlier net loss, helped by sales of new software.
4			software	game			windows update causes headaches games and security programs are on a long list of software that does not work well with the windows sp2 update.
2			league	winter	score	baseball	reader	season	fan	game	sport			an introduction to scoring baseball games now that the 2004 major league season is officially over, baseball fans typically gravitate to another sport to get them through the winter, until spring training comes around the next year. however, i see this downtime as the perfect opportunity for fans, young and old, to get themselves acquainted with how to score a baseball game, in preparation for the coming season. this article will introduce the reader to how to score a baseball game for themselves.
4			desktop	standard	technology			gateway pc delivers new motherboard standard btx technology cools down the company's new 700gr desktop.
4			lab	science			co. converts buses into rolling labs an ohio company has found a niche by converting yellow school buses into hands on laboratories as a highly mobile way to try to get students excited about science.
4			content	system	management	server	project			more office system servers, services on the horizon the current office system lineup including the various office skus, live communications server, sharepoint portal server, project server, content management server, etc.
4			user	platform	content	telephony	use	application			nokia announces mobile content delivery platform nokia has launched a program called preminet, which is designed to help telephony operators distribute pay per use mobile content and applications to mobile phone users.
2			tour	team			mayo likely to miss tour of spain leading spanish cyclist iban mayo will probably miss next month's tour of spain because of a suspected viral infection, his team manager said on wednesday.
4			lab	software	technology	investment	bell			telcordia to sell for $ 1.3b: newspaper warburg pincus, providence equity close to acquiring former part of at bell labs, report says. new york cnn money two investment firms are about to close a deal to acquire telecommunications software company telcordia technologies inc.
4			user			ads to pop up when tivo users scan past commercials beginning in march, a static pop up ad, or billboard, will spring up as tivo users skip through an ad perhaps a logo for an advertiser, plus a message encouraging viewers to check out a new car or enter a contest.
4			technology			intel: half billion on a chip intel corp. is on track to introduce the world 's most advanced chip production technology in its products next year, the largest semiconductor maker said.
2			coach			browns head coach butch davis resigns cleveland browns head coach butch davis resigned tuesday.
4			processor			palmone updates the treo smartphone palmone 's long awaited update to the treo 600 will come with a new processor, sharper display and flash memory, as the company continues to improve its flagship product.
4			system	server			intel sees web buckling, invests in new systems intel corp. on thursday outlined its vision of the internet of the future, one in which millions of computer servers would analyze and direct network traffic to make the web safer and more efficient.
3			value			when invention turns to innovation technological inventions are not going to have the same kind of transformative value that they did in the past.
4			server	technology	second	application	source			objectweb plans open source bpel server objectweb will begin distributing an open source bpel server in the coming weeks, expanding the available options for a middleware technology used to link several applications and data sources into a larger business process. it will be the second open source bpel server released in recent weeks.
3			profit			tupperware posts profit, narrows '04 view tupperware corp. on monday posted a third quarter profit versus break even a year earlier, helped by improved results outside north america.
4			standard	management			the new breed the time cnn 25 business influentials setting the global standards for management, ethics, marketing and innovation
2			play	match			day one goes to rain, australia a match that assumed grave importance for india as a face saver of sorts has been cut short due to rain. the day was marked by rain and more rain and the only time the umpires decided to start play led to
4			nation	infrastructure			karzai 's amnesty offer to taliban all facts,challenges and problems considered, and there are many from the security issue to the mobilization of a brand new free nations with very little if at all infrastructure and functioning civil society to ethnic, economical and political factor
4			software	microsoft			microsoft braces for eu anti trust appeal hearing us software giant microsoft said monday it will abide by whatever ruling is handed down by a european appeal court hearing due this week against an eu condemnation for abusing its market dominance.
3			profit	sale	retailer			amazon posts higher quarterly profit online retailer inc on thursday posted a higher quarterly profit, fueled by strong international sales and its free shipping offer.
3			region	sale	earnings			storm damage hurts bellsouth earnings bellsouth corp. on monday said third quarter earnings fell due to storm damage in its region and the sale of some international assets.
4			microsystems	engineer	system	software	license	source			sun submits mystery license to open source group a sun microsystems engineer chartered with directing the engineering effort to open source solaris has published a new software licence that could be used for the open source release of sun 's unix operating system.
1			talk			meeting with unions crucial to alitalia's survival rome ap with the future of italy's flagship carrier at stake, alitalia began crucial talks with unions monday to unveil a rescue plan including expected layoffs aimed at averting collapse.
2			night	sport			plenty of blame to go around in monday night meltdown sometimes you have to wonder what the geniuses at the major network sports divisions are imbibing or inhaling when they make critical decisions about what we watch.
3			value	holding			america west: will not bid for ata america west holdings corp. awa on thursday said it would not bid for assets of bankrupt carrier ata airlines, saying the value does not justify the cost.
2			soccer	match	team	win			soccer: klinsmann tastes first home win against hapless cameroon leipzig, germany : jurgen klinsmann enjoyed his first home win as german manager with his team defeating ten man cameroon 3 0 in a friendly match.
2			united	game	season			nintendo to sell new game device nintendo co. of redmond, wash., says its new hand held videogame device will be available in the united states in time for the holiday retail season.
4			feature			cingular offering the sony ericsson z500a the sony ericsson z500a is packed with features such as 3d gaming, music ringtones, integrated vga digital camera with zoom with video capabilities for short taking short clips.
4			standard			stylish gadgets which have become cultural icons when it comes to stylish electronic gadgets, few companies make them like apple computer inc. the apple power book g4 range of professional standard notebook computers, instantly identifiable
4			design	system			gateway shows cool, new desktops gateway is expected to announce a new lineup of business desktops based on a new pc chassis design that removes heat from the system and can help extend the life of a pc, according to the company.
4			system	linux	source			linux may power south korean schools an all unix plan is also being considered, but the open source os will likely dominate the system, sources say.
1			politics	palestinian			push for rule of law in west bank the return of noted reformer nabil amr to palestinian politics comes at a crucial juncture.
4			user			peoplesoft sacks ceo craig conway just two weeks after staging a defiant user conference in san francisco , craig conway was ousted as ceo of peoplesoft. industry observers are divided on the cause: some say it was performance related, while
2			victory	race			a canceled trip leads to an easy victory carmen douma hussar thought she would be enjoying a vacation in florida yesterday, not running a race.
4			technology	generation			toshiba to launch hd dvd notebook pcs in q4 2005 japan's toshiba corp. said on wednesday it would introduce notebook computers with hd dvd technology in the last quarter of 2005 in a move to pressure rivals in the battle over formats for next generation dvds.
4			grid	platform	ibm	win	technology	project	computing			ibm registers grid computing wins claiming grid technology continues to expand outside its traditional scientific and research markets, ibm on friday is announced several grid based commercial projects built on ibm platforms have been launched, including one at the us environmental
4			copy	technology	protection			sony nixes copy protected cds in japan sony corp.'s japanese music unit says it will no longer sell cds with built in copy protection, a technology it had been pushing for two years.
2			beat	game	win			new york hopes to win olympics by dividing votes the people behind new york city's bid for the 2012 summer games think they have a realistic chance to beat the four european capitals with which they are competing.
2			stadium	baseball			mayor, council prepare for stadium vote the delayed decision on a planned $ 440 million baseball stadium to house the washington nationals appeared close to the necessary seven votes monday, with district of columbia council chair linda w. cropp pledging not to stand in the way.
1			leader			greek air force chief sacked after orthodox leader dies in chopper ... greece 's air force chief of staff was sacked sunday over delays in launching a rescue operation after a weekend helicopter crash that killed the greek orthodox patriarch of alexandria, the church 's number two.
4			user	longhorn	system	technology	developer	scale	server	gain			analysis: longhorn's loss may be some users' gain users and developers gain more than they lose from microsoft's decision to add several longhorn technologies to windows xp and windows server 2003, even as the company scales back plans for the next windows operating system.
2			victory	point	game	win			defense hard to dent it's impossible to lose a game if you don't allow any points. that's the primary reason falmouth has a seat on the undefeated bus after a 25 0 win over nauset friday, a victory that ran the clippers' record to 5 0.
2			victory	team			even in victory, bryant 's a loser he has torn apart his team, his life and the world that revolves around him. now that the latest bullet has whizzed past kobe bryant 's head, you have to wonder if he can see the smoldering ruins of what he 's left behind.
4			project			state found to pay extra for school projects because of its lax oversight, the state overpaid cities and towns by as much as $ 20.5 million for school construction and renovation projects that came
4			software	microsoft			microsoft sharpens up its elbows microsoft is on the move again. as it has in the past, the software giant is trying to elbow aside rivals who have pioneered new markets.
4			speed	system	supercomputer	mac			mac supercomputer gets performance makeover virginia tech announced that its apple based system x supercomputer has been rebuilt for speed and now operates at 12.25 teraflops.
2			priority	sport			life of reilly: athens style forget democracy, sport and grecian formula 16. there 's so much more we need to steal from the greeks immediately and maybe sooner. cheese pies, for instance. our no. 1 priority should be getting these cheese pies. lovely, flakey pastries with the ...
3			profit	earnings			reynolds american reports $ 339 million third quarter profit reynolds american inc. reported today a profit of $ 339 million in the third quarter the first earnings report that included the results of the combined rj reynolds tobacco co.
2			medal	night	win	comeback	sport			upi newstrack sports paul hamm produced an amazing comeback wednesday night to become the first american male to win the olympic gymnastics all around gold medal.
4			software			group aims to create hallmark of security four founders invite security giants to join push to test network software, to make sure it lives up to its promises.
3			fund	development			maker of disposable rfid tags gets millions the swedish industrial development fund has invested about $ 4 million in cypak, which makes throwaway rfid tags.
4			application	standard	card			nokia joins secure digital industry group nokia on tuesday said it has joined an industry group working on technical and specification standards for secure digital memory card applications.
4			system	worm	virus			cisco to acquire perfigo in another move to address the increased threat and impact of worms and viruses to networked businesses, cisco systems, inc.
3			talk	energy	stock	enterprise			exelon in talks to buy pseg for $ 12bn exelon, the us energy group, is in advanced talks to buy the public service enterprise group pseg for about $ 12bn in stock, according to people familiar with the talks.
4			lab	platform	talk	linux	patch	development	source	version			linux keeper, spikesource ceo talk up open source santa clara, calif. accommodating large patch sets in linux is expected to mean forking off of the 2.7 version of the platform to accommodate these changes, according to andrew morton, lead maintainer of the linux kernel for open source development labs osdl .
4			user	engineer	technology			are you sitting comfortably? then let 's spy new internet based technology could soon turn regular computer users into armchair spies, a canadian inventor said on monday. vincent tao, an engineer at toronto 's york university, said he has invented a mapping
4			system	server	storage			new sony computer boasts 1,000 gigabytes of storage; can record ... sony corp. will begin selling a computer and home server system in japan with a 1,000 gigabytes of hard drive storage enough to record seven tv channels for a week straight, the company said.
2			producer	sport			mercedes pins hopes on sports tourers the world premiere of the mercedes sports tourer models is the latest step in a lengthy process that has transformed the german car maker from a producer of selective luxury models, to one which competes in all market segments.
4			content			nokia launches wireless content solution finnish mobile giant nokia has described its new preminet solution, which it launched monday oct. 25 , as a major worldwide initiative.
1			ally	election	finance	party	win			india 's congress win in state helps national clout india 's ruling congress party, flush with an election win in the state that is the heart of finance and film, will now be better armed to deal with demanding communist allies, newspapers and analysts said on sunday.
2			game			london begins to believe the impossible it was jonathan edwards who best summed up the overriding mood when he helped london officially unveil its candidature for the 2012 olympic games yesterday.
4			standard	generation			consumers losers in next generation dvd battle as videocassettes fade into history, a full fledged battle is on to establish the next standard of dvds which could open up a new realm of possibilities in interactive home entertainment.
4			software	symantec			cybersecurity chief resigns amid frustration yoran was a software executive with symantec corporation when he was tapped a year ago to become director of the national cyber security division in the department of homeland security.
3			sale			court hears interstate wine sales case the supreme court considered tuesday whether state alcoholic beverage regulations put in place 70 years ago, after prohibition was lifted, should remain the law of the land in the internet age.
4			design			new program lets people design 3 d objects programs for computer aided design, or cad, have been around for decades, but appears to be the first service that checks whether a design can be made, tells the customer how much it will cost. if the customer wants the item the design goes to a real world machine shop for manufacturing.
4			system	amd	management	feature			amd opteron chills out with power management powernow has been included in all opteron chips that have been on the market since mid may, but the feature cannot be used until instructions are built into the operating system.
3			chain			krispy kreme posts net loss after charges struggling doughnut shop chain krispy kreme doughnuts inc. kkd.n: quote, profile, research on monday reported an unexpected quarterly net loss because of impairment charges and store closing costs.
4			copyright	software	developer			p2p networks not responsible for copyright whilst acknowledging that copyright infringements do happen on p2p networks, the 9th circuit court of appeals in san francisco has ruled that p2p network owners and software developers can 't be held responsible for them.
2			prix	race	sport			bar sign epson for one race epson has been a major supporter of motor sport since 1983 and believes the japanese grand prix to be the perfect vehicle to communicate with its home market through the dynamic global sport of formula one.
2			winner	soccer	player	team			donovan claims soccer player of year again landon donovan was voted the u.s. soccer team player of the year thursday, becoming the first three time winner.
3			enterprise			hp shutters udc hewlett packard has decided to break up its utility data center udc program, according to company spokespeople. a long term initiative dating back to the late 1990s, the udc program aimed to provide enterprises
1			leader	attack	party	comeback	opposition			india's advani confident of a bjp comeback india's opposition leader and hindu hardliner lal krishna advani vowed his defeated bjp party would return and launched a blistering attack on the new government.
1			president			tight security as karzai is sworn in afghanistans capital kabul was placed under tight security today for the historic inauguration of hamid karzai as the countrys first popularly elected president.
4			leader	system	ibm	technology	storage			computer: ibm 's shoe box sized system ibm wants to topple the world 's leader in computer storage technology with a new shoe box sized disk system developed at ibm storage systems divisions in tucson.
2			football	score			football scores uptake bodes well for three three, the new entrant mobile operator pioneering 3g services in the uk, is experiencing strong uptake of its football news and video clips service in an encouraging sign of likely consumer demand for data services on mobile phones.
3			chain			hyatt to buy amerisuites hotel chain hyatt corp. on thursday said it agreed to buy amerisuites, an upscale limited service hotel chain that it said would complement its full service portfolio.
4			user			user guided search refining in google user guided search refining in google despite the fact that the google api hasn't been updated in over two years, people keep doing cool things with it. the latest cool thing i've seen is the very nice mygooglesearch . the idea behind this hack is that you can take the ...
1			talk			barclays targets south africa bank by julia kollewe in london and renee bonorchis in johannesburg. barclays, the bank that pulled out of south africa in 1986 after protests during the apartheid era, said yesterday it was in talks to buy a majority
1			talk			sprint, nextel consider lucrative deal sprint fon and nextel nxtl are in discussions to merge, with an eye to creating a wireless giant that could rival cingular and verizon wireless in size and scope, according to two people with direct knowledge of the talks.
1			energy	election			middle east ; iran nuclear deal 'tied to us election this is the beginning of the endgame, not the endgame, samore said. the meeting was to give iran a last chance to come clean before the international atomic energy agency iaea decides on 25 november whether iran is cooperating or not.
3			exchange	sale			ibm's pc unit lost money from 2001 onwards ibm's personal computer business racked up $ 965 million in losses between jan. 1, 2001, and june 30, 2004, the company said last week in a filing to the u.s. securities and exchange commission, detailing the planned sale of the business to china's lenovo group.
2			louis	team	preseason	night	sport			rams starting cb fisher breaks arm kansas city, mo sports network st. louis rams starting cornerback travis fisher suffered a broken arm during the first half of the team 's 24 7 preseason loss to the kansas city chiefs monday night.
4			processor	amd	enterprise	technology	server			amd joins push for cooler, more efficient server room advanced micro devices inc. 's announcement that its new powernow technology will be available on its opteron line of processors could mean a lot to some enterprise customers.
4			system	server	storage			sony rolling out powerful dvr sony corp. will begin selling a computer and home server system that makes a midget of tivo. with 1,000 gigabytes of hard drive storage, it can record six tv channels for nearly a week straight.
2			play	coach			to play late, play well, wilkens tells knicks if you excel early, you will get a chance to excel late. that was the message coach lenny wilkens wanted to impart to his knicks, young and old, about what will happen when the fourth quarter arrives.
2			game			redknapp quits as portsmouth manager two weeks after portsmouth appointed croatian unknown velimir zajec as executive director, harry redknapp quit as manager on wednesday, citing the need to take a complete break from the game .
4			hardware	content	enterprise	technology	application			content networks deliver on demand apps once limited to web content and images, content delivery network providers are shifting focus to tackle the on demand delivery of distributed applications. to that end, akamai technologies this week plans to introduce four j2ee based web applications that enterprises can deploy quickly without purchasing any hardware or fixed assets. meanwhile, speedera networks next week will launch its flexcomputing service for distributed application hosting and delivery.
4			software	microsoft			microsoft launches appeal against eu anti trust ruling us software giant microsoft is to launch its legal appeal thursday against a stinging eu anti trust ruling, six months after it was fined nearly half a billion euros for abusing its market dominance.
4			hardware			intel outlines wimax plans upcoming chips will lead to relatively inexpensive hardware, company says.
2			team	prix			bar honda confirm sato for 2005 takuma sato will return with bar honda in 2005. the team confirmed the japanese driver 's return on tuesday ahead of this weekend 's japanese grand prix.
2			minnesota	sport			vikings add depth in secondary; ink shaw and brown eden prairie, minn., sports network the minnesota vikings added some much needed depth to its secondary on tuesday by signing veterans terrance shaw and ralph brown.
1			talk			the talk shows em guests to be interviewed today on major television talk shows:
2			championship	country	club			supporting cast out to nail star els world no.3 ernie els may feel like a hunted man this week when he takes on a largely unknown field in the dunhill championship at the leopard creek country club in south africa.
4			application			ca airs wireless manager officials at computer associates quote, chart announced the availability of an application aimed at simplifying and strengthening wi fi networks.
4			lab			cern particle lab marks 50 years europe's organization for nuclear research cern in geneva celebrates 50 years of its work.
3			investment	fund	trader			fidelity disciplines 16 traders over gifts from brokers the mutual fund giant fidelity investments disciplined 16 traders yesterday, two of whom have left the firm, as part of an extensive investigation into whether employees improperly accepted gifts and entertainment from brokers.
4			system	team			firms chosen to build anti missile defense teams led by bae systems and northrup grumman were chosen wednesday to build and test prototypes for anti missile systems to defend us commercial planes against shoulder fired rockets.
4			microsoft	piracy	technology			microsoft looks to expand windows at home efforts by microsoft corp. and the pc industry to expand into to the living room will get a boost next week as they show off technologies that try to balance hollywood 's piracy fears with the appeal of digital media.
4			technology			offshoring forces tech job seekers to shift strategy the frenzied rhetoric about technology jobs going overseas has quieted in recent months. while doomsday predictions for the domestic tech industry have subsided, there's clearly a trend toward exporting some jobs.
3			good			counterfeit goods cost city over $ 1 billion the big apples counterfeit goods industry cost the city $ 1.03 billion in lost tax revenue last year, says comptroller bill thompson in a new report.
1			crisis			turnaround progress seen, 2 executives to leave ford two of the ford motor company 's most senior executives retired on thursday in a sign that the company 's deep financial crisis has abated, though serious challenges remain.
2			sport			paul hamm keeps olympic gold lausanne, switzerland ap oct. 21, 2004 the court of arbitration for sport says you can 't change the result of a gymnastics sports competition based on hindsight.
2			boston	game	football	side			not looking down at umass the game came about because both sides had wants and needs. boston college wanted a fifth home game; the university of massachusetts needed to pump revenue into its cash strapped football program.
4			computing			few tears shed for canceled comdex comdex veterans ponder freedom from the annual computing trade show, which normally would be happening in sin city right about now.
3			shareholder	stock			news corp. shareholders approve us move; stock to join s p500 news corp. shareholders approved rupert murdoch 's plan to move his media company to the us from australia, making it easier to raise money for expansion and allowing the stock to be
4			system	microsystems	project	source			open source solaris to debut this year sun microsystems will create an open source project around its solaris 10 operating system by the end of the year, company executives said monday.
4			ibm	computing			report: ibm to spin off pc unit ibm nyse: ibm is selling its pc business, marking the end of an era for the personal computing pioneer, according to a story published today in the
4			software	microsoft			microsoft eyes larger acquisitions the software giant's cfo says a target as big as sap is less likely, but some big buys could be in microsoft's future.
2			football	tiger	coach	game	bowl			saban: i ll be at bowl game lsu football coach nick saban said wednesday he absolutely plans to be the coach of the tigers for the capital one bowl on jan. 1, but he stopped short of saying whether he would accept the
4			patent	speed	share	technology	development	border			sony and samsung to share basic technology patents sony corp. and samsung electronics have announced that the companies have agreed to share patents on basic technologies to speed up product development and avoid adding to a growing number of cross border patent disputes.
4			technology	second			yahoo now powers optusnet of australia and new zealand yahoo now powers optusnet of australia and new zealand yahoo search now powers the search engine results for optusnet, australia's second largest internet service provider. the age reports that optus signed an agreement with yahoo's australia and new zealand divisions where in yahoo! search technology will power the optusnet dialup ...
2			auto	player	game	series			addicted gamers, losing their way popular games such as the grand theft auto series and online games like socom ii and everquest are designed to engage the player, but what actually makes them addictive?
4			technology			yahoo 's redesign embraces rss as part of its site revamp launched on tuesday, yahoo inc. further embraced xml syndication technology by mixing feeds from weblogs and other sites more prominently into its my yahoo service.
3			investor	jean	finance			ex vivendi boss is fined 1 million euros french regulators fined vivendi universal and its former ceo jean marie messier one million euros each on tuesday for allegedly misleading investors about the media group's finances during its ill fated expansion.
2			cell	brain	sport			klitschko williamson: a well educated battle precious few brain cells wladimir klitschko and davarryl williamson have so much cerebral firepower between the two of them that some casual observers of the sport may ask themselves, why are they doing this for a living?
4			linux	silicon	software	source			eye on it the office of government commerce 's report into the viability of using open source software in the public sector was toned down in its praise of linux security before release, silicon.
1			talk	minister			iran says provisional nuke pact reached secretery of the iranian supreme national security council hasan rowhani,right, and china 's foreign minister li zhaoxing, talk during their meeting in tehran, on saturday nov. 6, 2004.
4			desktop	application			google desktop search has launched google desktop search has launched google quietly launched its google desktop search today and a slew of bloggers have tested it, reviewed it, and are currently testing it, including yours truly. google desktop is a frightfully fast application which searches desktop documents, web browser history, and chat room conversations in aol's ...
1			talk			cendant in talks to buy orbitz for $ 1 billion cendant corporation, the travel and property services company that owns avis and budget, is in talks to acquire , an online travel company, in a deal valued at around $ 1 billion.
2			game			odds on london shorten as 2012 bids submitted the odds on london winning the right to stage the 2012 olympic games shortened to 3 1 from 7 2 yesterday as the five rival cities delivered their bid documents to the ioc.
3			retailer			virgin enters online music business virgin group ltd. on monday launched its online music store, pitting the retailer best known for its music megastores with tech companies such as apple computer inc.
4			infrastructure	priority	identity	enterprise	software	veritas	project			veritas beefs up utility software com november 1, 2004, 9:56 am pt. this fourth priority 's main focus has been enterprise directories as organizations spawn projects around identity infrastructure.
3			enterprise			huge and proud of it new enterprise associates is the biggest stand alone venture capital operation in the world, and industry critics say the company's girth is a handicap.
1			reform			ukraine rivals ok vote reforms for rematch ukraine's political rivals agreed early tuesday on legislation to ensure a fair vote during the rerun later this month of the fraud ridden presidential runoff but remained divided on constitutional amendments trimming presidential powers.
4			software	virus	microsoft	feature			pivx hardens windows with qwik fix pro pivx solutions, inc. of newport beach, california, on monday announced the availability of qwik fix pro, an intrusion prevention software product for windows machines that disables or modifies features of microsoft corp. windows and the internet explorer ie web browser that are frequent targets of malicious computer hackers and virus writers.
4			silicon			the new silicon valley: a dog eat dog world oracle's attempted takeover of peoplesoft can be seen as a harbinger of many more in a mature industry.
3			investment			samsung to make $ 24b chip investment by 2010 samsung electronics co. ltd. plans to invest 25 trillion won us $ 24 billion in building new semiconductor production lines by 2010, the company said monday.
4			use	tool	software	application			blue titan adds reliable messaging to soa tool attempting to fine tune its software for use in business critical applications, blue titan software on monday is unveiling network director rm reliable messaging , a tool for policy distribution and messaging in soas service oriented architectures .
4			hardware			intel to debut new itaniums nov. 8 com october 29, 2004, 12:02 pm pt. zdnet 's survey of it professionals in october kept upgrading hardware at number two on the businesses radar throughout the year.
3			management			internet 's .net goes out for bid with management responsibilities of the .net domain soon to be up for grabs, several groups are positioning themselves to snatch the domain from its current steward, verisign inc.
4			graphic	software			corel buys photo software maker jasc the graphics specialist hopes to take a bite out of adobe's photoshop business with the acquisition.
3			chain			hyatt to buy amerisuites hotel chain hyatt corp. has agreed to buy the amerisuites hotel chain from affiliates of private equity firm the blackstone group, hyatt said on thursday.
3			profit	gain	share			dell reports strong third quarter profit dell inc., the worlds largest personal computer maker, thursday posted a higher quarterly profit, helped by market share gains and lower component costs despite slowing demand for corporate pcs.
4			desktop	software	microsoft	technology			copernic desktop search takes aim at microsoft privately held copernic technologies on tuesday released free desktop search software ahead of expected offerings from microsoft corp. and others in a move some see as a test of the product's market viability.
4			software	microsoft			microsoft to add rivalry to google on search service the us software giant microsoft said it would launch its internet search service on thursday amid the fierce competition with rival google.
4			upgrade	software	server	veritas	application	version			veritas upgrades opforce veritas has released a new version of its opforce provisioning software. the application enables administrators to discover, provision, configure and track multiple brands of servers and applications across data centers.
2			champion	race	prix			china makes debut as villeneuve returns formula one goes back to the future on sunday with former champion jacques villeneuve making his race return in the first grand prix held in china.
3			profit			update 6: daimlerchrysler posts 3q profit daimlerchrysler ag reported third quarter profits of almost 1 billion euros on thursday, rebounding from a year earlier loss, thanks to a strong performance from a chrysler division rejuvenated by new models like the 300c sedan and dodge magnum wagon.
4			software	technology	source			jboss set to shine with jems middleware stack jboss on monday plans to flesh out details of its open source middleware stack consisting largely of existing software technologies, with the company intending to fill out the stack over time.
4			technology	access			intel 's 65nm chip will make laptops go further intel has built a fully functional 70mb static random access memory sram chip with more than half a billion transistors, using 65nanometer nm process technology.
4			use	user			internet users left stranded after intelsat satellite fails commercial satellite operator intelsat ltd. lost use of one of its satellites sunday a mishap that left some internet customers stranded and could jeopardize a proposed 5 billion deal to sell the company to a group of four venture capital firms.
2			game			vug goes for true simultaneous release with half life 2? we sometimes hear of big name games being released simultaneously across the globe. typically this means the game will be released on the same day in each supported territory, although
1			debate	final	election			jobs report dominates pre debate spin the final monthly jobs report before the nov. 2 presidential election will be released friday at 8:30 am eastern.
2			fan	game	win			not a huge game, but a huge catch fred gibson promised georgia fans a really big game. he didn 't deliver. the bulldogs will have to settle for the biggest catch of saturday 's 31 24 win over florida.
1			president			yahoo names its first chief data officer yahoo has named dr. usama fayyad as chief data officer and senior vice president of the strategic data solutions group. fayyad will be responsible for yahoo!
2			league	franchise	point	baseball	game	sport			back in the game the point man of a private group 's attempt to bring the montreal expos to las vegas said las vegas sports and entertainment lvse llc did not dissolve when major league baseball put that franchise in washington, dc, in september.
2			title	race			rossi takes provisional pole in australia italian valentino rossi, closing in on a fourth consecutive premier race world title, grabbed provisional pole after initial qualifying at the australian motogp earlier today.
2			match	championship	series			obsession; and fury dennis lillee is in little doubt. the india australia four match test series which begins at bangalore tomorrow amounts to a world championship contest .
1			election			thousands of observers quit romanian election romania 's main civil rights group said monday it was pulling thousands of observers out of the romanian presidential election after being submerged by an avalanche of fraud allegations.
2			sport			canadian poolcrasher prompts tighter security olympic organizers have increased security inside all sports venues today after a canadian, whose body was emblazoned with the name of an internet casino, climbed out of the stands and jumped off one of the boards into the pool.
3			holding			conrad black resigns as chairman, ceo and director of hollinger ... conrad black stepped aside tuesday as chairman and chief executive of hollinger inc., the toronto holding company which has voting control over newspaper operating company hollinger international.
2			game	sale			nintendo says ds selling faster than anticipated in us nintendo co., the world 's biggest maker of hand held game machines, said us sales of its ds hand held console were faster than anticipated in the first week.
3			percent	growth	profit	sale			wells fargo profit up; mortgages weigh wells fargo co. wfc.n: quote, profile, research , the no. 4 us bank, on tuesday said third quarter profit rose 12 percent, helped by growth in both lending and sales of new products to existing customers.
2			beat	night	coach	game			abdur rahim three beats celtics at buzzer coach doc rivers had to have liked what he saw in the first half of last night 's game against the portland trail blazers. gary payton scored
4			ram	technology	price			infineon to pay $ 160 million fine for dram price fixing infineon technologies ag, a german manufacturer of dram dynamic ram has agreed to plead guilty and pay a $ 160 million fine for attempting to fix prices in the dram market, the u.s. department of justice doj announced wednesday.
1			leader	parliament	election	minister	assembly	prime			election of the new prime minister takes place today afternoon islamabad: the national assembly will meet in a special session at the parliament house in islamabad friday at 4:00 pm pst to ascertain the new leader of the house.
3			stock	share			hewlett packard buys back $ 1.3b in stock hewlett packard co. monday said it bought back $ 1.3 billion in stock and announced a plan to buy back another $ 3 billion in shares over the next several months.
2			point	career	team			jazz retiring stockton 's number john stockton 's no. 12 will be retired by the utah jazz in november, honoring a point guard who spent his entire 19 year career with the team.
3			value	shareholder	management	miner			harmony driven by shareholder value the board and management of world number six gold miner harmony are driven by value creation for harmony shareholders, harmony chief executive bernard swanepoel said in a letter released on wednesday.
4			science			arctic thaw not only has it moved beyond the realm of science fiction, but the arctic ice cap 's melting has been much faster than anyone has suspected.
4			upgrade	application	server			macromedia upgrading flex presentation server macromedia on monday will introduce an upgrade to its flex presentation server and framework for building rich internet applications, with improvements in data display, visualization, styling, and performance.
1			leader	politics	nation	summit	vietnam			asian, european leaders gather in vietnam for annual summit leaders from 38 asian and european nations are gathering in vietnam for a summit of the asia europe meeting, know as asem. one thousand delegates are to discuss global trade and regional politics during the two day forum.
4			user			ask jeeves launches personalized web search service ask jeeves inc. askj.o: quote, profile, research , the third biggest us web search provider, late on monday unveiled myjeeves, a new product that helps users personalize their internet searches.
4			content	suite	enterprise	tool	collaboration	management			oracle launches new real time collaboration suite oracle today announced its oracle r collaboration suite 10g with new real time collaboration tools and enterprise content management capabilities.
4			good	feature			what are good friends for? perhaps for recommending dvd's a new netflix feature, netflix friends, lets you know what others are watching and vice versa .
4			system			tagging criminals 'damages trust' a review of electronic tagging argues the system may be undermining public confidence in the criminal justice system.
2			team	prix			monza testing, day 1, 01 09 04 jarno and fernando in action for the team on the first day of testing at monza ahead of the italian grand prix.
4			hardware	commodity	linux	software	standard			hp releases carrier grade linux for pigeons hp, the seller of tin and fag free utopian ideals is flogging commodity, standards based hardware and software, including carrier grade linux, to telephone company motorola.
1			crisis			china facing environment 'crisis' a senior chinese official tells the bbc the country's environmental problems have reached crisis levels.
2			reserve	game	team			jets struggle once more against elite team after another loss to a winning team, the new york jets tried yet again to explain why they always come up short in big games. reserve running back lamont jordan was quick with an answer.
4			application	talk	software	sale			orange makes phones talk to the blind orange sa will offer blind customers a software application designed to make their mobile phones talk to them, as part of a new package of services for the visually impaired that will go on sale in france thursday.
1			debate			reports criticize dhs for lack of progress on it as the debate about adding a national intelligence director proceeds, two government reports are shedding new light on an existing dilemma: if dhs cio steven cooper can 't wrestle the agency 's sprawling bureaucracy into ...
3			profit	earnings			peoplesoft exec: we pumped up earnings the company asked customers to accelerate deals in order to bolster earnings a ploy to exaggerate profits, oracle lawyers say.
2			championship			citroen, peugeot to leave rallying citroen and peugeot have announced they will be withdrawing from the world rally championship at the end of 2005. the french manufacturers cited tough conditions in the car market for their decision.
2			night	raven	game			chiefs out to avoid 0 4 start heading into monday night 's game against the baltimore ravens, the kansas city chiefs are looking to avoid going 0 4 for the first time since 1980.
3			growth			eu proposes changes to stability pact the european commission yesterday presented a proposed revision of the stability and growth pact, the rules that underpin the euro.
2			nfl	game	football			big deal for nfl if you don 't think professional football means a lot to the us networks that own the rights to broadcast the games, check out the deal a few of them just made with the nfl.
3			ipo	software	sale	vendor			lindows postpones ipo its legal battles over, the software vendor will focus on sales until the market ripens.
4			war	amd	technology			amd 's german plant inflicts wounds on rival intel a sprawling computer chip factory near the war scarred german city of dresden is forcing a shift in momentum in the battle between two us technology superpowers.
4			software	technology			fcc approves first software defined radio a technology that could transform wireless communications got a boost on friday when the u.s. federal communications commission fcc announced its first approval of a software defined radio.
3			stock			maytag stuck in spin cycle the appliance maker freezes pay and asks workers to quit, but rewards its executives with stock options.
3			fund	profit	pas			can for profit schools pass an ethics test? profits are up, but recently, a number of for profit colleges have faced inquiries concerning the way they pursue federal funds.
3			growth			successful investing requires economic growth ordinary people don't need an economics lecture to get a sense of the big global financial issues of the day.
4			platform	java	tiger	upgrade	feature	code	use	ship	standard			sun ships java upgrade, focuses on ease of use sun this week unleashed its java 2 platform standard edition 5.0, code named tiger, an upgrade that includes more than 100 new features.
4			system	source	code			open source details hold up solaris release sun will release the source code of its operating system, but those eager for details may have to wait until early 2005.
4			microsoft	exchange	linux	technology	server			motorola using microsoft activesync protocol for linux smartphone motorola, inc. has announced interoperability between its motosync technology enabled mobile phones and microsoft exchange server 2003.
1			politics	terror	election	war	technology	agenda	conflict			digital agenda: homeland security throwing money at technology strategic conflicts, rampant confusion and election year politics are slowing the war on terror. a special report.
1			party	prime	minister			ex treasurer of japan party faction arrested a former treasurer of the japanese ruling party 's largest faction was arrested yesterday, media reports said, in a widening political donations scandal that forced ex prime minister ryutaro hashimoto to quit as the faction 's head last month.
3			profit	sale			viacom posts a loss on charges viacom inc. , but cable network advertising sales and profits rose strongly.
4			play	platform	microsoft	software			microsoft lets the digital media play microsoft is making a major push into the entertainment world with the launch this week of its portable media center platform. the software, which will be available first on a device from creative, allows
3			sale			executives say mci is looking for buyers mci, the troubled telecommunications company, has quietly begun shopping itself to potential buyers, executives involved in the sale process said.
2			atlanta	bowl	sport			falcons sign crumpler to contract extension flowery branch, ga sports network the atlanta falcons monday signed pro bowl tight end alge crumpler to a six year contract extension.
4			software	microsoft			microsoft helps in bogus degrees case some sleuthing by software giant microsoft corp. helped track down two brothers who authorities say sold bogus college degrees over the internet, including an mba that was issued to a housecat.
4			gate	microsoft	card	technology			gates: forget your passwords biometric and smart card technology will replace passwords to verify id, microsoft head bill gates says. again.
4			tampa	technology			syniverse to acquire eds interoperator syniverse technologies in tampa signed a purchase agreement to acquire eds interoperator services north america for approximately $ 57 million payable in cash.
4			software			commerce one sinking fast commerce one, an internet software maker valued at $ 20 billion at the peak of dot com mania, is poised to go to a pauper 's grave.
4			software	management	application	vendor			oracle creates hosting program for isvs oracle corp. has launched a program for independent software vendors isvs that build oracle based applications and that want to get into the application hosting and management business but lack the resources to do so.
3			investor			europeans streamline. will the market notice? corporate executives in europe have taken steps to streamline operations to attract investors put off by delayed overhauls in economic policy that governments have yet to enact.
2			game			doping casts shadow over olympics again five weightlifters were banned from the olympics after failing drugs tests, officials said on thursday, as doping scandals continued to dominate the first week of the games.
4			software	feature	price			first look: small business accounting apps intuit, best software offer new features, prices with 2005 editions.
3			share			oracle sees peoplesoft offer gaining ground the two companies are waiting for a hearing in delaware next week when a judge will hear evidence from peoplesoft regarding why its board rejected oracle 's latest bid of $ 24 a share.
2			colorado	sport	killing			jet carrying nbc official crashes in colorado a charter jet carrying dick ebersol, the chairman of nbc universal sports, and five other people crashed, killing the pilot and co pilot.
1			president			us catholics seek new head bishop us roman catholic bishops are meeting to elect their new president, who they hope will restore the church's reputation after a string of child abuse scandals.
4			cell	card	technology			motorola turns cell phone into credit card motorola plans to carry out a trial of cell phones incorporating mastercard 's paypass contactless payment technology. the cell phones will enable customers to make payments by positioning
3			ipo	investment	sale	stock			lazard chief could opt for sale over ipo report bruce wasserstein, head of lazard, could sell the investment bank rather than float it on the stock market, the observer newspaper has reported.
4			skype	telephony	software	mac	technology	beta	version			skype dials up beta software for mac os x skype technologies sa, of luxembourg, tuesday released a beta version of its free internet telephony software for apple computer inc.'s mac os x.
1			talk			time warner, comcast in talks on adelphia comcast corp. and time warner inc. on monday said they are in talks on a possible joint offer to acquire bankrupt cable company adelphia communications corp.
4			hardware	processor	infrastructure	linux	software	server	standard			hp launches standards based telecommunications push hewlett packard co. on thursday signaled its commitment to the intel corp. processor architecture and carrier grade linux for telecommunications infrastructure, announcing it will introduce a blade server based on those specifications as part of a new hardware, software and services strategy.
1			debate			memorable moments of presidential debates the debates of 2004 may be remembered more for pained facial expressions than ringing words. is there one line that will survive the week, never mind the ages?
1			crisis	talk			crisis talks at alitalia rome the survival of italy 's flag carrier will be at stake on monday when alitalia meets its unions to reveal how many jobs it intends to cut in a restructuring aimed at averting collapse.
4			patent	infringement	technology	copy			details emerge in honeywell's suit against apple honeywell on wednesday announced that it has filed suit in federal court against apple computer inc. and more than thirty other companies, alleging infringement over a 1994 patent that describes technology used to improve the quality of images shown on a liquid crystal display lcd panel. maccentral has obtained a copy of the documents honeywell filed on october 6, 2004 in u.s. district court for the district of delaware.
4			lab	draw	hardware			barred from the apple store the computer maker's retail stores are pretty easygoing about customers playing with the display machines. but when it comes to running an in store hardware test lab, the company draws the line. by leander kahney.
2			war	final	team			australian rowers reprimanded athens: the australian olympic women 's eight have been reprimanded for a breach of team protocol over an ugly war of words between crew members after one quit rowing three quarters of the way through the olympic final.
4			development			mozilla readies firefox 1.0 release after 19 months of development, two name changes and more than 8 million downloads of its preview release, the firefox browser is finally turning 1.0.
4			feature			cisco tightens security on voice products on monday, the company announced that it has added new privacy features to its callmanager product, which maps phone numbers to ip addresses and keeps track of phone calls that are made.
4			processor	core	developer			intel dual core chips are cool doubled up processors were the big news at this year?s intel developer forum. they boost performance without frying your chips ? and are coming your way soon.
2			player	stadium	game	walk			olympia oozes games history great players will walk upon a historic stage today at the ancient olympia stadium.
4			software	management	code	veritas	application			veritas puts homemade touch on new opforce veritas has retooled its opforce management software to improve the way the code works with its existing products and to make it easier for administrators to control applications.
3			investment	stock			former banker quattrone faces sentencing frank quattrone, a former star investment banker who once earned 120 million in a year, will be sentenced on wednesday for obstructing a federal investigation into some of the most popular stock offerings of the 1990s.
4			platform	linux	worry	developer	code	standard	source			open source developers cheer new linux base standard the free standards group's updated standard will improve linux code portability and interoperability, developers say, and reduce the worry of platform fragmentation.
4			leader	team	technology	general			business news for technology leaders daimlerchrysler, gm team up ... daimlerchrysler plans to offer hybrids in many of its vehicles but says the technology initially will be used in its dodge durango, following implementation in general motors suvs.
2			league	baseball	team			expos to move nov. 30 the montreal expos have received legal notice from major league baseball that the team will move nov. 30, tqs television reported yesterday.
4			switch			jaguar workers vote against strike action jaguar workers have voted against strike action in protest at the axing of car production in coventry. although the switch from browns lane to production facilities at castle bromwich in birmingham forces
3			buying	gain	share			jarden buying american household shares of jarden corp. gave back early gains monday as the market digested the company 's definitive agreement to acquire american household inc.
4			technology			former ca chief kumar appears cannes technology show cannes, france former computer associates international inc. ca chairman and chief executive officer ceo sanjay kumar made a surprise appearance at the etre technology conference in cannes on monday, three weeks after his indictment for securities fraud and obstruction of justice.
2			title	card	sport			ruiz, byrd retain belts in heavyweight fight card at msq new york, ny sports network john ruiz retained his world boxing association heavyweight title with a controversial but unanimous decision over andrew golota on the the battle for heavyweight supremacy fight card at madison square garden.
1			talk			unions in talks over jaguar blow unions are to hold an emergency meeting with workers at the doomed browns lane jaguar plant in coventry. parent company ford plans to stop car production at the plant, with 400 voluntary redundancies and 425 jobs moved to the castle bromwich factory.
4			silicon	scientist			door open for silicon replacement a breakthrough in the way scientists make crystals could lead to a replacement for silicon in electronic devices.
3			holding	stock			black to quit hollinger inc., stock soars former press baron conrad black will quit as chairman and chief executive of his canadian holding company, hollinger inc. , to facilitate his offer to take it private.
4			hacker	virus	feature	code			exhibit features viruses as art computer viruses aren't just for wreaking havoc on global networks. they're also an art form. that's the take of an upcoming exhibit that focuses on malicious scripts, hacker films and the aesthetic charms of programming code. by michelle delio.
2			walk	athletics	victory	win	game			tsoumeleka wins greece's first track gold athanasia tsoumeleka won greece's first athletics gold of the olympic games monday with an upset victory in the women's 20km walk.
2			player	team	joe			doan, draper and thornton gives team canada an impressive checking ... just calling them the checking line seems strange, given that a star player like joe thornton is at centre. but that 's exactly what they are in the current team canada set up, thornton between
4			user	desktop	system	mac	technology			google planning desktop search for mac computers google announced plans to offer its google desktop search to mac computers on friday, introducing google technology to a loyal group of computer users who are not using the windows operating system.
1			president			notes, quotes from 2004 campaign in ohio no longer neglected, ohio may determine the next president.
4			team	technology			canon, toshiba to team on flat panel displays japanese technology companies canon and toshiba said tuesday that they would invest $ 1.82 billion in a joint venture to manufacture advanced flat panel displays.
2			team	coach	dame	football			notre dame must make right choice it seems you are having a problem finding a new coach for the legendary notre dame football team. after firing tyrone willingham you had your sights set on utah coach urban meyer.
4			graphic	application			lycos yanks anti spammer screen saver lycos has withdrawn its make love not spam application after a string of negative criticism. visitors to the web site were presented friday with a graphic urging them to stay tuned.
2			shot	golf	talk	second	sport			on brink of $ 10 million year, ho hum singh talk, toast of golf no cheering in the press box. this is the first, second and third commandment of sports journalism, at least until vijay singh 's approach shot on a sunday back nine appears to be sailing a tad too long.
2			medal	game			pound: jones should lose olympic medals marion jones should be stripped of her five olympic medals if allegations that she used banned drugs before the 2000 sydney games are true, world anti doping agency chief dick pound said friday.
3			sale	earnings			medtronic net up on higher icd sales medtronic inc. on wednesday said its quarterly earnings rose on surprisingly brisk demand for devices that slow racing heartbeats, offsetting a weaker than expected performance in some of its other businesses.
1			politics	election			circling the wagons: the net politics of exclusion election 2004 why dodgy metaphors don't help
3			growth	share			growth in market share pleases foodland foodland associated has been making inroads in new zealand and this may help strengthen its position in australia, where it faces fierce competition from bigger rivals, such as coles.
4			system	technology	win			2 firms win contracts for missile work bae systems plc and northrop grumman corp. won $ 45 million contracts yesterday to develop prototypes of anti missile technology that could protect commercial aircraft from shoulder fired missiles.
2			hockey	ottawa	sport	minister			martin office asked about montreal sponsorship deal involving hockey great ottawa cp paul martin's staff contacted the office of former public works minister alfonso gagliano in 1999 to inquire about 600,000 in sponsorship money for a montreal sports group, documents provided to a public inquiry indicate.
3			investor	growth			nortel: nowhere to go but up it certainly sounds like bad news when a company fires seven executives for financial malfeasance, lays off 3,500 employees and advises investors that it expects sluggish market growth for the year. but for ontario based nortel networks, it 's ...
1			parliament			iran approves bill requiring government to resume uranium ... parliament unanimously approved the outline of a bill sunday forcing the government to resume enriching uranium, legislation likely to deepen an international dispute over iran 's nuclear activities at a time when its chief negotiator gave
3			buying	stock			penn national to buy argosy casino operator penn national gaming inc. is buying argosy gaming co. in a stock purchase deal worth about $ 2.2 billion, including about $ 805 million in long term debt, the companies said wednesday.
4			hardware	software	vendor	second	storage			storagetek 's storability buy marks second industry acquisition ... for the second time this week, a storage hardware vendor has acquired a storage software vendor. on thursday, officials of louisville, colo.
3			retailer			retailers seek to block us curbs on chinese textiles the new york based association of importers of textiles and apparel argued the government 's committee for the implementation of textile agreements accepted petitions by textile makers based on arbitrary factors.
4			system	software	microsoft			cisco and microsoft target smaller firms cisco systems and microsoft 's partnership in the small and midsized business market is bearing fruit. on monday, cisco announced a new software product that will link its voice over internet protocol products
2			player	game			a game boy for $ 200? a preview page at reveals expected pricing and availability for nintendo's ds handheld game player.
1			peace	war	talk	leader			sri lanka: ltte leader impatient with the government in sri lanka the leader of the ltte guerillas, velupillai prabhkaran, has threatened with resumption of the civil war unless the government agrees to new peace talks.
4			pullout	technology			greenpeace hails bayer india gm pullout environment pressure group greenpeace said on monday it welcomed news that leading crop technology company bayer had pulled out of genetic modification trials in india to focus on conventional plant breeding.
2			game	sport			at these games, the big sports powers see less gold for americans, it 's just as well that the olympics came to a conclusion sunday. over the weekend, the ends of america 's almost
2			team	soccer	top			girls top 20 following is the globe top 20 in emass for girls' soccer. no. team record last 1. belmont 12 0 1 1 2. oliver ames 11 1 0 2 3. lynnfield 12 0 0 3 4. andover 12 0 0 4 5. norwell 12 0 0 5 6. bishop feehan 11 1 1 9 7. old rochester 12 1 1 7 8. wellesley 9 0 4 8 9. marshfield 8 1 4 6 10. weymouth 10 1 2 10 11. rockland ...
1			politics	iraqi			from an iraqi pulpit, prayers and politics friday sermons rival arab satellite channels such as al jazeera in their influence over iraqi opinion.
4			ship	technology			seagate ships 400gb hard disk drive seagate technology has started shipping a 400gb hard disk drive for pcs that offers performance closer to that of a 10,000 rpm drive than that of a 7,200 rpm.
3			chain			sainsbury 's reports first ever loss the struggling supermarket chain j sainsbury today reported the first loss in its 135 year history. sainsbury 's, weighed down by the costs of overhauling its business, made a loss of 39m for the six months
2			auburn	team	country	play	night	season	game			the night the lights went out on georgia right from the start of the biggest game in the country this week, one team was clearly ready to play bigger than the other, auburn fulfilling its reputation while the bulldogs continued to put holes in the one they brought into the season.
1			election	reform	opposition	violence			zimbabwe opposition to boycott elections zimbabwe's main opposition movement for democratic change said wednesday that it would boycott future elections until the government reforms election laws, ends what the movement calls state sponsored political violence and repeals what it terms repressive media and security laws.
4			president	technology			national cybersecurity chief amit yoran resigns amit yoran has abruptly resigned his position with the homeland security department. olga grkavac, senior vice president of the information technology association of america, confirmed that
2			reading	football	team	coach	high			coach gets his chance to build on team's success while running drills at the annual high school football conditioning camp in woburn last week, john fiore of reading high school was the guy with the smile on his face, and quite possibly the little extra burden strapped on his shoulders.
3			strength	growth			weak employment report casts doubts over us economic strength a weaker than anticipated report on the us labor market, showing just 112,000 jobs added in november, cast fresh doubts over the pace of growth of the world's largest economy.
4			microsoft	tool	software	technology	spyware			microsoft splashes cash on anti spyware firm microsoft said it plans to offer tools based on giant 's technology that will help protect windows pcs from spyware and other deceptive software.
4			system	reading			florida welcomes urban meyer when available, the raw script from this video story is presented below. please note that these scripts come directly from our tv newsroom system and are not edited for web reading.
1			democrat			corzine announces bid to be n.j. governor four years after spending more than 60 million of his own money to get elected to the senate, democrat jon s. corzine announced thursday that he is running for governor in 2005.
2			team	championship	season			ten teams line up for 2005 f1 season formula one 's governing body has confirmed that 10 teams, the same number as this year, have entered the 2005 world championship.
3			high	sale			reebok 's revives pump shoe, marking industry shift to high tech hoping to build on the success of a shoe that generated big sales but also ridiculed when it was introduced 15 years ago, reebok inc.
4			processor	linux	networking	technology	kick	storage			linux 's supercomputing day as the supercomputing 2004 show kicks off in the us city of pittsburg this week, linux technology will be well represented among the big honking processor, storage and networking technologies on display.
2			team	top	championship	sport			singh, els among stars at duhill the world 's top golfers team up with famous faces from the worlds of film and sport on thursday for the start of the 2004 dunhill links championship.
2			united	game	team			silver finale for usa in the last event of the 2004 olympic games, the united states track team produced one last surprise. meb keflezighi, a native of eritrea who moved to the united states as
2			season			sauber confirm villeneuve villeneuve has been looking to find a way back since he lost his drive at bar, and after renault confirmed he would be testing for them at silverstone this week with a possibility of completing the season following jarno trullis releases, sauber have
4			generation			thomson hedges bets, supports hd dvd and blu ray media giant thomson announced today that it is supporting both next generation dvd formats, and will manufacture both hd dvd and blu ray dvd disks through its camarillo based technicolor business.
2			cup	race	season			austria 's michael walchhofer surprising himself in downhill ... austria 's michael walchhofer is surprising himself as he gets ready for the first world cup downhill race of the season.
4			computing			hp grabs defense deal the deal with the defense logistics agency could be worth as much as $ 290 million for the computing giant.
2			game			governor pledges to ban violent video games for minors governor rod blagojevich wants illinois to be the first state to make it illegal to sell violent video games to minors. currently the law does not prohibit selling or renting violent and sexually explicit games to children younger than 18.
4			player	file	feature			sony moves to mp3 in a strategic move, electronics giant sony has announced that some of its new music player models will now feature direct support for mp3 audio files.
3			shareholder			back to books for barnes noble the bookseller decides to distribute its interest in gamestop to shareholders.
1			coalition	election	general	democrat	reform			romanian ruling party's hold on power dented romania's ruling social democrats psd face a struggle to cobble together a majority coalition to push through reforms for eu entry after their hold on power was dented in general elections.
1			parliament	president			ukraine parliament votes for sweeping electoral changes in the biggest shift, legislators gave themselves the power to elect the premier, removing that choice from the president.
3			trading			canada may put levies on us imports canada may impose retaliatory duties on us imports for the first time since 1986, exposing strains in the world 's largest trading relationship.
1			parliament			iran backs enrichment as government demands commitments from ... iran 's parliament passed a bill backing the resumption of uranium enrichment, as the government left the door open for further negotiations with europe over the controversial practice.
2			coach			voeller moves to roma roma have appointed former german national coach rudi voeller as their new boss. voeller, who resigned his post with germany after euro 2004, has spent the day in the italian capital discussing the move and
4			system	high	technology	ally			hollywood allies sue dvd jukebox maker a hollywood backed technology group is suing a high end home theater system company, contending that its home dvd jukebox technology is illegal.
2			team			vizquel signs with san francisco free agent shortstop omar vizquel signed a three year contract with the san francisco giants on sunday. per team policy, financial terms were not disclosed.
2			winner	cup	classic	race			cup stars to keep on racing seven of the eight breeders cup race winners on saturday, including classic hero ghostzapper, will remain in training next year, their respective trainers said.
1			president			former iranian president says iran has missiles with 2,000 km ... former iranian president akbar hashemi rafsanjani announced in tehran on tuesday that iran has now missiles with a range of 2,000 kilometers, saying there are next stages to the capability, irna reported.
1			politics	fund	terrorist			us funds study on net chat room surveillance amid the torrent of jabber in internet chat rooms flirting by qtpie and boogieboy, arguments about politics and horror flicks are terrorists plotting their next move?
4			microsoft	developer			microsoft crawling google results for new search engine? i was questioned today by a developer who was watching a particular ip address scan his site. the ip was 65.54.188.86 and is registered to microsoft corp.
1			talk	president	dialogue			chen calls for cross strait dialogue extending an olive branch to china, president chen shui bian used his national day address yesterday to call for the reopening of cross strait talks on the basis of the september 1992 meeting in hong kong between unofficial representatives of
1			leader	leadership	putin	president			western leaders criticize putin more than 100 american and european foreign policy experts signed a letter protesting against russian president vladimir putin 's leadership.
1			fighting			revenge takes root in the ashes beslan: on the charred planks of the gymnasium of school number one, amid soot covered children 's sneakers and shell casings, beslan 's aggrieved citizens debated fighting back.
4			run	good	software	technology	application			technology ; oracle to oversupport peoplesoft customer ellison a merged company will invest more in business software applications than oracle and peoplesoft could do independently and we ll give sap a good run, ellison said.
4			ibm	amd	technology			amd taps chartered to meet chip demand the chartered announcement had been signaled when amd and ibm extended a chip processing deal in september. while the deal centered on jointly developed technology, it also left amd the option
1			president	development			health highlights: sept. 8, 2004 here are some of the latest health and medical news developments, compiled by editors of healthday: clinton out of intensive care former president bill clinton was moved from intensive care to a hospital room wednesday as he continued his recovery from quadruple bypass surgery at new york presbyterian hospital columbia in new york city. a statement issued by clinton's office said the 58 year old former president walked with assistance, sat up in bed and sat in a chair, the associated press reported...
2			lewis	team	coach	stadium	game			coaches: bengals, marvin lewis the last time: broncos 30, bengals 10; sunday, sept. 7, 2003, at paul brown stadium. the first game in the marvin lewis era went about as bad as it could for the new coach and his team as the broncos jumped
2			team			update 1 rugby australia pick perth to host fourth super 14 team the australian rugby union aru on friday selected the western australia capital of perth to be the venue for their fourth team in the expanded super 14 provincial competition in 2006.
1			election			shiite clergy push vote as iraq's nationwide elections near, the clergy has led an unprecedented mobilization of the shiite majority population. the momentum they have created has made a delay in the ballot difficult, if not impossible.
4			software	microsoft			battle brewing on the digital music front apple computer inc. 's reign as king of the digital music business is about to meet its most serious challenge as software heavyweight microsoft corp.
2			final	triumph	country	coach	argentina	sport			bielsa steps down despite strong summer buenos aires, argentina sports network marcelo bielsa resigned as argentina 's coach on tuesday, despite leading his country to the final of copa america and to an olympic triumph this summer.
3			value			third quarter loss $ 3.4 billion for mci mci inc. thursday reported a loss of $ 3.4 billion during its third quarter, reflecting its recent decision to write down the value of its telecommunications network.
3			exchange	sale	stock			gambro halted after dialysis sale report the stockholm stock exchange halted trade in kidney care company gambro on monday after a report that the swedish firm might be on the verge of selling its main dialysis operation in a $ 3 billion deal.
4			design			nokia launches fashion phones at the totally fashion event in shanghai, china, nokia unveiled its latest mobile phones the 7280, 7270 and 7260. with sleek designs and interesting quirks, the phones which are more like fashion accessories
4			software	beta			msn forced to offer search software. after google announced their search software utility and yahoo! told the world they are working on a similar program. msn is now beta testing their software.
4			platform	mainframe	series	ibm	technology	investment	computing			ibm renews vows to mainframe ibm shored up commitment to its mainframe computing platform thursday with a series of new technologies, investments in emerging markets, new industry focused solutions, and new partnerships.
4			investor	stock	technology	general			techs rally on internet deal technology markets rallied wednesday. they were boosted by soaring internet stocks on news that cendant plans to buy orbitz and by investors looking for general bargains in the recently battered sector.
4			platform	java	team			nokia, vodafone team up on java effort the companies want to create more consistent platforms that can be used with any handset.
4			software	version			macromedia launches software version for ebay stores macromedia announced a customized version of its contribute 3 software for ebay store sellers. contribute 3 for ebay will allow sellers to create and customize an ebay store without requiring technical knowledge.
2			microsoft	game	sport			microsoft shuts sports video games unit microsoft corp. msft.o has closed a studio operation that made some of its sports video games, cutting 76 positions, a spokeswoman said on friday.
3			gain	share			european shares open modestly firmer european shares opened modestly firmer on tuesday, helped by a reprieve for the battered dollar but mixed company updates kept a lid on gains.
4			system			cisco to pay $ 200 million for p cube cisco systems agreed monday to acquire closely held internet protocol service provider p cube for $ 200 million in cash and options.
4			cell			icann gives the nod to two new domains one domain, .mobi, will be set up for websites trying to work with the restrictions of internet surfing on cell phones.
4			app	standard	application	source			group releases open source web services messaging app three of japan 's largest it companies have developed an open source implementation of a standard from oasis to ensure reliable messaging between web services applications.
1			leader	president	win			landslide win for cameroon leader cameroon's president paul biya is re elected with 75 of the vote, say officials, with just a results to come.
2			game			parents need to understand video games: expert a us group released its annual warning about antisocial video games, but a university of toronto professor says he 's only really worried about a very narrow category of such interactive entertainment.
4			percent	software	technology			ciber buys majority stake in novasoft information technology services provider ciber inc. said monday that it will buy a 67 percent stake in german software consultant novasoft ag from the company 's founders in a move to enter the german market.
2			franchise	talk	team	season			brown's back and grizzlies are happy hubie brown is back the memphis grizzlies and nobody is surprised. even after coaching the grizzlies to the best season in franchise history, brown declined to talk about his future with the team. he insisted he had to get a checkup and talk things over with his family all before deciding whether to return for another season.
2			championship	schumacher	win	prix	sport			another schu in sunday s belgian grand prix is set to provide another michael schumacher win in the most boring championship in the sport 's 54 year history.
2			border	sport	president	attack			protesters attack fox's car in mexico border city public health and education workers kicked and punched a sports utility vehicle carrying mexican president vicente fox on friday as he toured ciudad juarez on the u.s. border, local media said.
2			pas	top	football			banned sprinter chambers trys football dwain chambers will be studying pass patterns and playbooks instead of competing against the world's top sprinters in the olympics this weekend.
4			developer	platform	database	access			amazon web services adds alexa data online superstore quote, chart has expanded its web services platform for developers, adding a new service for access to the alexa database and increased access to the amazon e commerce service 4.0.
3			share	stock	price			small caps still outperform large caps stocks of companies with a market capitalization between $ 100 million and $ 2 billion, calculated as shares outstanding times share price outperformed larger cap stocks last quarter.
4			processor	amd	enterprise	system	management	technology	server			amd opteron is reved up with powernow technology amd said its opteron processor will be bolstered by power management technology that will decrease overall power consumption and optimize performance in enterprise server systems.
1			leader	president			botswana leader warns on aids: abstain or die botswana president festus mogae issued a blunt message to his people wednesday on hiv aids: abstain from unsafe sex or die.
4			aol	user	system	technology			aol boosts security america online will offer its users a new security system called aol passcode, using securid, a token authentication technology from rsa security.
4			user	platform	point	collaboration	ibm	single	text	technology	vendor	access			collaboration platforms present unified front binding end user access to once disparate technologies, vendors such as ibm lotus and open text are launching products designed to pull a variety of point products into a single platform.
4			software			peoplesoft in a corner after decision after defiantly warding off rival oracle corp.'s 7.7 billion hostile takeover for 15 months, business software maker peoplesoft inc. finds itself backed into a corner, with its best chances for escape tied to forces beyond its control.
4			system	enterprise			cisco to acquire network monitoring provider netsolve cisco systems inc. channel partners will be able to offer real time monitoring of enterprises networks after the company agreed to acquire netsolve inc.
4			gate	microsoft	card	technology			gates: passwords passe biometric and smart card technology will replace passwords to verify id, microsoft head bill gates says again.
2			season			kilborn stays up 'late' for last time craig kilborn bid farewell to viewers of cbs' late late show on friday, concluding five seasons as its host despite the program's expanding audience. since announcing two weeks ago that he was leaving, the 42 year old kilborn has had difficulty explaining why he is walking away from a show that has seen its audience grow by more than a third during his tenure...
1			conflict			'cheetah friendly' beef to make its way to eu namibian beef certified as cheetah friendly will soon make its way to the european union as part of a new strategy to reduce conflict between ranchers and the graceful cats.
4			infrastructure	priority	identity	enterprise	project			why sun 's jds deserves a try this fourth priority 's main focus has been enterprise directories as organizations spawn projects around identity infrastructure.
4			science	tool	technology	mode			a technology whiz strives to make life simpler john maeda is a man with a lot on his mind. the mit professor of media arts and sciences thinks about how to make technology simpler; he thinks about using the computer as a mode of expression rather than simply as a tool; he thinks about making digital art from cheetos and sugar crystals.
3			stock			competition leads to kimberly clark cuts kimberly clark, maker of huggies diapers and kleenex tissues, said monday that it aims to cut costs by $ 400 million to $ 500 million over the next three years and will repurchase $ 1 billion in stock during 2005.
3			share	earnings	stock	software	high			peoplesoft stock nears peak on reports shares of peoplesoft inc. traded near a one year high on thursday after analysts raised their earnings outlooks for the business software maker, which continues to fight a 9.2 billion hostile takeover bid by oracle corp.
1			fighting			boj keeps policy ultra easy the bank of japan left its ultra easy monetary policy unchanged on thursday, showing it was still committed to fighting deflation.
2			football	good	single	season	coach			barber benefiting from giants new coaches it 's either good coaching or a very large tube of stick em. how else to explain tiki barber touching the football 115 times this season without a single fumble?
1			election			are you ready for election day? the internet's chock full of information and persuasion to help you solidify your vote. here's a quick guide.
1			talk			mukesh ambani denies feud over reliance ownership business india: mumbai, nov 22 : mukesh ambani, chairman of india 's largest private business firm reliance industries, monday rubbished the talk of a family feud over the company 's ownership, saying the foundations of the company are very strong.
1			president			judge orders chief operating officer radler, 2 more, off hollinger ... an ontario judge has ordered three directors removed from the board of hollinger inc., including conrad black 's wife, barbara amiel black, company co chief operating officer david radler and vice president jack boultbee.
1			conflict			labor conflict looms at vw carmaker volkswagen could become the next venue for strikes after personnel chief peter hartz called for a two year wage freeze monday.
4			microsoft	collaboration	development	code	application	source			microsoft open sources web authoring application continuing its flirtation with open source, microsoft corp. on monday posted the code of a little known collaboration application to open source development site sourceforge.
4			system			bae first half loss widens on goodwill writedowns bae systems plc, europe 's largest defense company, said its first half loss widened as it wrote down goodwill in its avionics and defense electronics units.
2			coach			skater: i have a headache, but i m ok a photographer was taking snaps of skater tatiana totmianina monday when her coach remarked, smile for the camera.
2			oriole	season			o's oust head scout the orioles announce monday that they will not bring scouting director tony demacio back after this season, signaling a possible front office shakeup.
2			player			chinese web search site baidu acquires hao123 inc., china's biggest internet search site, on thursday said it had acquired , a popular chinese search directory, as baidu seeks to fend off global players now eyeing the chinese market.
2			league	football	champion	team	preseason	good	player			usc looked out for no. 1 the trouble with preseason rankings in college football is that they are just that, preseason. it's not like the national football league, where if last year's champion returns most of its players, one can make an assumption the team will be very good. but it's different in college. the cast of characters is always changing, as players graduate, leave, get ...
4			microsoft	tool	software	patch	developer	flaw			microsoft issues patch for 'critical' jpeg handling flaw microsoft has released a critical patch to fix a security flaw affecting how windows, office and developer tools software programs process images in the jpeg image format.
3			management	airway			update 1: us airways pilots reopen negotiations pilots at us airways group inc. resumed negotiations wednesday with management on a new labor contract with the bankrupt airline, even as the company made clear that it will now be seeking greater concessions.
4			system	server			cisco guns for datacentres cisco systems aimed straight for datacentres yesterday at its annual worldwide analyst conference, with company executives claiming many communications functions in servers would be better moved into the network.
2			football	resignation	season	coach	sport			san jose state football coach resigns san jose, ca sports network san jose state head football coach fitz hill announced his resignation, effective at season 's end.
1			politics	tour	scientist	ship			scientists skirt ice, politics in the arctic the ship crawled through the fog as if on a slow tour of frozen ruins, trying to avoid ice chunks of every size and shape off russia's far northeastern coast.
3			investor			investor profile: asensio ponders long bet as a dedicated short seller for nearly eight years, manuel asensio became known as one of the most ruthless investors in the business.
4			technology	vendor	price			infineon executives guilty of dram price fixing four executives at german memory vendor infineon technologies ag and its us subsidiary have pled guilty to charges of illegally setting prices for pc memory chips, the us department of justice announced thursday.
2			player	tennis	team	season			bsc's palumbowins tennis honor kim palumbo of westwood made tennis history at bridgewater state college as she became the first bsc tennis player to be named the little east conference player of the week when she was chosen for the period ending sept. 25. the women's team, along with the men's program, joined the little east this season, after playing an independent schedule for ...
2			measure	sale	sport			schwarzenegger vetoes sports diet supplement bill after signing a law that bars the sale of performance enhancing supplements to minors, california gov. arnold schwarzenegger vetoed a separate measure on thursday that would bar schools from accepting sponsorships from firms that make the dietary supplements.
3			infrastructure	priority	identity	earnings	enterprise	project			peoplesoft exec: we pumped up earnings com october 13, 2004, 2:19 pm pt. this fourth priority 's main focus has been enterprise directories as organizations spawn projects around identity infrastructure.
4			robot	technology			a submersible robot dives for steamship gold finding the wreck of a 19th century steamer in florida has taken special technology and the results have been extraordinary.
3			sale			feds probe j j procrit sales federal investigators have asked johnson johnson to turn over documents related to the sales and marketing of its anti anemia product procrit.
4			kazaa	technology			music biz heads to australia for kazaa trial industry eyes are turning toward oz as more than 50 lawyers begin waging a courtroom battle over kazaa, the peer to peer technology owned by australia based sharman networks
3			investment			putnam investments to eliminate 100 jobs putnam investments said monday it will cut about 100 jobs, an announcement that came a week after parent company marsh mclennan cos.
2			player	team	dream			real dream team nails three peat maybe this is the end of an era. dawn staley has called it quits as an olympic player. lisa leslie and sheryl swoopes can 't imagine playing without her.
2			brave	game	win	season			smoltz back in starting rotation he has won 20. he has saved 50. and now that he 's back in the braves starting rotation, he ll probably win 20 again. john smoltz last started a game back in the 2001 season.
3			sale			battle royale the residences at battery wharf have not yet been built. but even though the formal sales campaign does not begin until next week, 14 of the 104 luxury condos on the former bay state lobster site in the north end are already sold.
2			coach	cup	soccer	championship			scotland hires smith as soccer coach walter smith was hired thursday as the national soccer coach of scotland, which failed to qualify for the euro 2004 championship and stands little chance of making it to the 2006 world cup.
4			system	share			eds reports net loss of $ 153m services provider electronic data systems corp. eds on monday reported a net loss of us $ 153 million, or $ 0.30 per share, for the third quarter of this year. the report had been delayed multiple times as the company grappled with accounting issues.
4			platform	microsoft	tool	software	management	version			microsoft unveils management software web host industry review software giant microsoft announced on tuesday that it has released version 3.0 of microsoft solutions for windows based hosting, a management platform that includes tools for handling
4			content	mail	technology			yahoo begins using domainkeys yahoo has started checking incoming e mail using domainkeys, its content signing e mail authentication technology, the company said monday.
2			game	series			descent into horror of silent hill the silent hill series of games have always been ripe with weirdness and hellish alternate realities.
1			debate			debugging the megahertz myth most, if not all, of you have read or been in heated debates over why or why not higher clocked microprocessors are better than their comparable competition.
4			worm	virus	software			news: hp says 'virus throttling' software could slow spread of computer worms the associated press by rachel konrad
2			management	sport			forstmann little to buy talent agency img buyout firm forstmann little co. thursday said it would buy international management group, a leading talent agency that represents major sports and entertainment stars.
2			coach	football	season			petrino really happy here university of louisville football coach bobby petrino, amid rumors of job offers coming his way, said after yesterday 's regular season finale at tulane that his first move
2			game			byu hopes to unseat boise 's bucking broncos friday playing its first game in idaho since 1954, byu faces another non conference opponent friday when they travel to boise to take on no.
4			desktop	design	processor	core			intel shelves plans for 4 ghz p4 company will break its promise to deliver a speedier chip, shifts focus to dual core designs. intel has confirmed its near term plans for its desktop processors before it reaches the multicore era.
4			design	science			new haven architect to design adriaen 's landing science center a design for a futuristic glass building with a giant plasma video screen landed cesar pelli the job as architect for the new science center at adriaen 's landing.
2			title			resident evil 4 not gc exclusive ps2 owners will have to wait almost a whole year, but they will be getting it. capcoms million seller latest title resident evil 4 expanding into nintendo gamecube and playstaion2!
4			software			the customer relationship expert takes a dose of its own medicine since 1993, siebel dominated the market for customer service software. in recent years, however, it has stumbled. can it regain its former glory?
4			processor	database	amd	core	application	computing			amd debuts dual core opteron processor amd 's new dual core opteron chip is designed mainly for corporate computing applications, including databases, web services, and financial transactions.
4			integration	champion	software	source			integration champion enters open source lists a new start up offering certification, testing and distribution of existing open source software could become the dell of the software industry.
3			supply	sale			500,000 nds sold with nintendo ds sales moving faster than anticipated, some locations have reported sellouts, and nintendo predicts the initial north american supply will be depleted within days.
4			producer	top	networking	technology	alternative	access			new modem may offer on road connectivity a top networking gear producer plans to offer a speedy new cellular technology that's an alternative to dsl and cable internet access with the added advantage of being available on the road.
4			integration	ibm	software	content			ibm buys content integration provider ibm corp. 's software division notched up its 18th acquisition in three years yesterday, announcing the purchase of content integration specialist venetica corp.
4			system	ibm	software			gartner sees shift to bite sized business software companies such as sap and ibm must break their software packages into smaller units as their corporate clients want to cherry pick them to update systems more frequently, consultancy gartner said on monday.
2			game	master			taiko: drum master think you ve got rhythm? test out your skill with taiko: drum master a new game for the whole family! attach the miniature japanese drum controller to your ps2 and you re ready to drum to the music.
4			enterprise	software	vendor	application	source			actuate moves to take enterprise reporting to open source business intelligence software vendor actuate corp. is hitching its wagon to the open source movement in the hope of seeing its applications get even broader acceptance in the marketplace.
2			sport			free speech for online gambling ads sought the operator of a gambling news site on the internet has asked a federal judge to declare that advertisements in u.s. media for foreign online casinos and sports betting outlets are protected by free speech rights.
2			career	team	championship			thompson to take over spotlight from injured phelps jenny thompson will take the spotlight from injured u.s. team mate michael phelps at the world short course championships saturday as she brings down the curtain on a spectacular swimming career.
3			sale			$ 500 tax break is in the works in a breakthrough that could mean a $ 500 bonus for thousands of washington state taxpayers, congressional negotiators yesterday agreed to allow state sales taxes to be deducted from federal returns for the first time since 1986.
4			title	project	development			climax lifts the lid on avalon tvg first brought you word about project avalon close to a year ago, when the first details of the next gen title currently in development at climax brighton studio first became apparent.
4			system			satellite fault shuts train doors a satellite system which automatically opens train doors has failed, leaving passengers stuck on board.
4			pharmaceutical	standard			chiron delays flu vaccine shipments chiron corp. is delaying shipment of its flu vaccine, fluvirin, because lots containing 4 million vaccines, do not meet product sterility standards, the pharmaceutical company said on thursday .
2			trick	game	series			india rocked by harmison and wharf stephen harmison took a hat trick as india were bowled out for a meagre 170 in the first one day international of a three game series at trent bridge here.
2			baseball			selig receives three year extension owners on thursday unanimously voted to extend the term of baseball commissioner bud selig for three years through 2009.
2			medal	nation	team	victory	game	sport			golden lining greets softball this gold medal comes with a broken heart. this victory as dominant as the olympic games have seen in years from any sport, any team, any nation comes with a searing sense of loss.
1			leadership	president	election			chen dealt setback in taiwan election taiwanese voted saturday not to give president chen shui bian the legislative majority he had sought in a hard fought campaign as reinforcement for his leadership and endorsement of his plans to edge the self ruled island closer to independence.
4			investor	speed	cell			ditech's business on speed dial ditech makes the cell phone experience clearer and makes for a happy experience for investors.
2			plot	game			gamers rewarded with another life it doesn't break new ground, and the plot is a little sparse, but thanks to its visual quality and ability to suck you into its world, half life 2 is probably the best game of 2004. by suneel ratan.
2			final	game	season			georgia will be away from doghouse for 4 games after homecoming saturday 's homecoming game against vanderbilt will be the final southeastern conference home game for georgia this season. the no.
4			ibm	software			ibm taps into china smbs officials announced the launch of an ibm innovation center in beijing thursday to find better ways to get software from isvs define around the world into the computers of small to medium sized businesses smbs in china.
4			system			news: u.s. air traffic control found vulnerable in the wake of last month's air traffic communications failure, investigators report that computer security issues haunt the faa's most critical systems.
4			cell	development			baxter shelves flu vaccine test in a setback for flu vaccine development, deerfield based baxter international inc. said today it has suspended enrollment in a late stage european trial for a cell based flu vaccine.
4			software	technology			alcatel bolsters u.s. presence alcatel has expanded its foothold in the key north american market with the acquisition of a mobile software provider and a conference technology business for $ 277 million.
4			system	drop	software	project			ford drops oracle based purchasing system ford motor co. on wednesday said it has scrapped a 5 year old project to move suppliers over to an internet based purchasing system powered by oracle corp. software, deciding instead to revert back to its custom built system.
2			play	coach	football			for colvin, it's hip hip hooray for so long, linebacker rosevelt colvin couldn't do what he wanted, couldn't play football. now, he feels he can do whatever his coach wants him to.
3			gain	stock			risk assets tread water friday's weak u.s. jobs data remained the focus on world financial markets on monday, with european stocks barely changed, government bonds consolidating gains and the dollar still under pressure.
4			british	stock	holding	technology			uk 's arm to buy artisan of us british semiconductor designer arm holdings said monday it has agreed to buy us technology firm artisan components for $ 913 million in cash and stock to boost its product range and reach more customers.
2			game			in harry 's game, everyone has to stick to the rules there is nothing more self righteous than a modern paparazzo with a split lip, garnered in the course of his slightly weird trade.
4			feature			fox orders pilot starring barenaked ladies fox broadcasting co. has ordered a pilot for a variety show starring the barenaked ladies that will feature the playful rock group performing music and comedy skits along with guest actors...
2			game	season			stating claim in acc with three regular season games remaining, the acc's power line stretches from blacksburg to charlottesville, as virginia and virginia tech are tied atop the conference standings.
1			crisis	pas			bryant case could chill rape reports in the 1970s, rape crisis counselors celebrated when states began to pass laws designed to stop lawyers from discrediting victims with salacious details about their sex lives.
2			game	football			spurrier back in the game steve spurrier might give his brash, visor throwing style an overhaul now that he has returned to college football. spurrier took over yesterday at south
2			player	baseball	nation	sport			japan baseball players go on strike japan 's baseball players have decided to go on strike for the first time in the 70 year history of the sport in that nation.
1			talk			what do you say to an extraterrestrial? i once thought that worrying about what we should broadcast to extraterrestrials made as much sense as fretting over the small talk i'd venture with king carl xvi gustaf if i won the nobel prize. i reckoned there was no need to dwell on the problem, as it was both hypothetical and irrelevant.
1			politician	iraqi	election	violence			delay in jan. vote sought leading iraqi politicians called friday for a six month delay in the jan. 30 election because of the spiraling violence as us forces uncovered more bodies in the northern city of mosul, apparent
2			team	champion	final	race			villeneuve may drive for renault f 1 team in final three races jacques villeneuve, the 1997 formula one champion, may drive for renault in this year 's final three races if he impresses in tests today and tomorrow, team manager flavio briatore said.
2			play	strength	championship			a learning experience for sharapova overly aggressive play costs ... there was a brazen quality to maria sharapova 's wimbledon championship, a sense that she could achieve anything on the strength of her will.
2			beat	game	win			new york hopes to win olympics by dividing votes the people behind new york city's bid for the 2012 summer games think they have a chance to beat the four competing european capitals.
4			desktop	microsoft	suite	upgrade	software	sale	server	application	version			microsoft wants servers to drive office sales microsoft wants to create closer ties between its office desktop software and its server applications in the next version of office, hoping customers will upgrade their copies of the dominant desktop software suite.
4			microsoft	system	technology	drop	version			new windows version in 2006 microsoft corp. will drop a much touted new technology for organising and storing data when it releases the next version of its windows operating system as expected in 2006.
3			trading			eyetech awaits fda panel vote news research did not open for trading friday because a food and drug administration advisory committee is meeting to review the small new york based biotech 's experimental eye disease drug.
3			sale			reborn worldcom in search of $ 6bn buyer mci, the telecom giant that used to be called worldcom, has appointed bankers to explore a possible sale of the business. worldcom has only recently emerged from what was
4			player	system	card	storage			industry 's first smart sd memory card a secure digital sd card is a tiny memory card used to make storage portable among various devices, such as car navigation systems, cellular phones, ebooks, pdas, smartphones, digital cameras, music players, camcorders, and personal computers.
3			inventory	stock	share			stocks rebound, national semi stock up u.s. stocks recovered from earlier losses and rose early thursday afternoon, with national semiconductor corp. shares surging after the chip maker said problems with excess inventory in the distribution channel are behind it.
4			system			after a 28 year hiatus, miss miss subways has returned, in a revival of a contest that wilted in 1976, to celebrate the 100th anniversary of the new york city subway system. but please it's ms. subways now.
4			user	platform	desktop	mac	application			is google bobbing for apple? just in case apple 's nasdaq: aapl computer users were feeling left out, news reports say that google nasdaq: goog intends to develop its desktop search application for the mac platform.
2			title	team	mets	play	classic	game			not winning was real error in the immortal words of casey stengel: can't anybody here play this game? that was the title of jimmy breslin's classic book about manager stengel and his wretchedly incompetent 1962 new york mets, an expansion team that lost 120 games.
1			party	debate			senate debate signals split on bills to create spy post the bill, which would establish the post of national intelligence director, has powerful critics in both parties.
4			hardware	priority	enterprise	management	server			server consolidation a priority for some data center operators cios at enterprise management world see server consolidation as a way to reduce management complexity in data centers and avoid the need to buy more server hardware.
2			tournament	title	play	win	match			els wins record sixth match play title ernie els won the tournament for a record sixth time, beating lee westwood 2 and 1 sunday to capture golf's biggest payday $ 1.8 million.
4			technology	attack			3com to buy tippingpoint for $ 430m 3com corp. became the latest company to scoop up technology for preventing attacks on computer networks, announcing today that it is acquiring austin based tippingpoint technologies inc.
2			basketball	player			bryant prosecution troubled from day 1 one of the richest and most recognizable basketball players in the world, an exclusive resort, an admiring young woman, an alleged rape.
4			speed	desktop	linux	feature	version			part of the ect news network the gnome foundation today released a new version of its popular linux desktop. the new release, gnome version 2.8, boosts speed and usability and offers several new features, the foundation said in a statement.
3			stock			stocksview: retail spurs wall st. upturn it's beginning to look a lot like christmas on wall street: retail stocks have been glowing for more than a month.
4			tool	human	discovery			experts place ancient toolmakers on a fast track to northern china a discovery of 1.66 million year old stone tools has produced the earliest evidence that human ancestors apparently dispersed across asia at a relatively rapid clip.
2			game			webb won 't let game become all consuming she didn 't mean it in the literal sense, but the words nonetheless were startling even under camouflage of a dismissive laugh.
4			cell			nextel and verizon settle legal disputes nextel communications inc. and verizon wireless unexpectedly resolved a heated dispute tuesday over a federal proposal to clear up interference between cell phones and emergency response radios
3			share	investor	earnings	stock	retailer	technology	sears			investors reward kmart, sears and their suppliers stocks rose as an $ 11 billion offer by kmart for sears, roebuck lifted retailers and better than expected earnings from hewlett packard ignited a rally in technology shares.
4			user			confident customers could boost peoplesoft i went into this week 's peoplesoft connect user conference expecting to find the shadow of oracle 's hostile takeover bid casting a pall over the proceedings.
1			talk			update 2: alitalia 's future at stake in union talk the future of alitalia is at stake as the italian flagship carrier meets with unions monday to reveal the number of planned job cuts as part of a restructuring plan aimed at averting collapse.
3			investment			samsung anticipates aggressive chip kit spending pre emptive investment is critical to success, says chief
1			terror	country	election	party	war			security divides leading australian parties ahead of election the leading candidates in australia 's national elections have very different positions on the country 's role in the war on terror.
2			team			da vinci team delays launch a canadian team vying for the $ 10 million x prize is scrounging for parts, while the heavy favorite, burt rutan's spaceshipone, is ready for a launch next week. by dan brekke.
4			platform	microsoft	top	software			microsoft unveils iptv ready set top box microsoft has teamed up with consumer electronics firm thomson to launch set top boxes supporting microsoft tv 's internet protocol television iptv software platform.
2			general	franchise	coach			pioli may be browns best bet the browns pulled the plug on davis 3 years into his ill fated tenure as coach and general manager, leaving the franchise searching for answers about its direction.
2			football	carolina	coach	career	game			south carolina coach holtz gives up game south carolina coach lou holtz announced monday he will retire, ending one of the most successful and colorful college football careers.
1			war			war on landmines 'shows success' the number of people killed and injured by landmines last year fell, says a report but there are still thousands of victims.
4			game	technology			college established for internet game industry a college to provide training for the internet games industry has been opened in beijing. china 's ministry of information technology, the hong kong vocational training council, and a beijing internet company devised the new college as a joint venture.
4			lab	ibm	technology			ibm unveils latest on demand tech center com. ibm on monday unveiled a technology lab for customers looking to test the company 's products for managing computer resources based on business demands.
3			sale			iran bars national geographic over map dispute iran banned national geographic reporters and sales of the magazine until it corrects an atlas it published using a disputed name for waters off the islamic republic's south coast.
4			speed	technology			intel test chip boasts technology to add to speed intel, the world 's biggest semiconductor maker, said monday it built a test chip with a new process that creates faster circuits by packing 10 million transistors into an area the size of the tip of a ballpoint pen.
3			profit	sale			palmone posts quarterly profit on handheld sales handheld computer maker palmone on monday posted a quarterly profit, versus a loss a year earlier, on stronger revenue spurred by solid sales of its treo 600 mobile phone and other digital devices.
4			percent	standard	technology			chipsets boost wi fi range by 50 percent broadcom said its wi fi compatible broadrange technology complies with ieee 802.11 standards and could be integrated into a wide range of wi fi products, from notebook pcs to routers and mobile phones.
2			team			leading role for hamm mia hamm will carry the flag for the us in tonight's closing ceremonies after being chosen in a vote of team members.
1			talk	relation	top			malaysia, singapore work to repair ties malaysia and singapore on monday made significant progress in repairing four decades of soured relations, agreeing to hold top level talks on a range of disputes including
4			infrastructure	priority	identity	enterprise	project			peoplesoft executive departs com october 15, 2004, 8:48 am pt. this fourth priority 's main focus has been enterprise directories as organizations spawn projects around identity infrastructure.
1			leader	military	leadership	party	president			china ex president may be set to yield last powerful post jiang zemin, china's military chief and senior leader, has told communist party officials that he plans to resign, two people with leadership connections say.
3			good	value			recall toolbar: searches your visited websites recall toolbar: searches your visited websites i have seen and tried a lot of toolbars for internet explorer. most of them have nothing new to offer on the basic functionality front. only the value added services made them different from the other toolbars in the market. viewpoint toolbar was a good ...
1			leader	spur	president			boom echoes of f the clinton library little rock, ark. ; more than 30,000 people are expected thursday when former president clinton opens his 165 million presidential library, and civic leaders say the campus is already functioning as a catalyst for a renaissance here, helping to spur a building boom.
1			president			referendo en bielorusia the belarus electoral commission announced on sunday that the referendum had approved the lifting of the constitutional ban on a third consecutive term for president lukashenko.
1			election	win			e voting group sues md. elections board a maryland group seeking paper trails on touch screen voting machines today sued the state board of elections to win the right to monitor polling places on election day.
2			season	game	preseason			puzzled by the board game when it comes to rebounding and the celtics, the more things change, the more they stay the same. in the first two games of the season, the celtics struggled on the glass after briefly improving their performance in that area during the preseason.
2			team	triumph			world gaming triumph for uk team one of the uk's gaming clans has scored a double success at the olympics of the gaming world.
3			growth	profit	dow			update: woolworths profit up 12; ceo departure delayed sydney dow jones australian retail heavyweight woolworths ltd. monday said annual net profit rose 12 to a $ 731 million, and predicted solid growth this
2			play			study shows adolescence affects breast cancer the way a girl grows during adolescence and even in the womb may play an important, if murky, role in her risk of breast cancer later in life, a study suggests...
4			system	processor	pentium	version			intel announces latest mobile chip intel has announced the latest version of its centrino mobile processor family, the pentium m 765, which offers 2 mb of level 2 cache and a 400 mhz system bus.
2			play	player	game	tiger			tigers' gurley elevates his game elevation. everyone's familiar with it, but only a rare breed can attain it. it's the intangible that allows a player to make his teammates play beyond their natural abilities.
2			game			games hero amir tells of his joy he may be one of boxing 's youngest ever silver medallists with a glorious future ahead of him but yesterday teenage sensation amir khan told how he had more pressing things on his mind homework.
4			grid	suite	computing	version			oracle updates business suite oracle last week revealed more details about the next version of its e business suite, while pushing the concept of grid computing.
3			sale	retailer			retailers and their september sales september sales and sales for the fiscal year to date reported by leading retailers.
4			glitch	software			software glitch disrupts ebay 's paypal online payment service the operators of the online payment service paypal say efforts are underway to fix intermittent outages that have bugged the service for several days.
4			use	system	ibm	access			national semiconductor unveils 'trusted' chip for pcs ibm will use the new devices, designed to make it more difficult for hackers to access a system's data, in its latest line of thinkcentre pcs.
4			platform	ibm	feature	server	core	application	version			ibm adds self healing to websphere ibm has released the latest version of the core middleware product of websphere, its application server platform, promising new autonomic, or self healing, features.
3			share	sale	price			peoplesoft board won 't negotiate takeover with oracle peoplesoft profile, products, articles inc. won 't discuss a sale to oracle profile, products, articles corp. for a price of $ 24 per share, the company 's board of directors
2			night	fan	game			fans throng for first crack at new game 'halo 2' it takes a special kind of person to stay up all night and stand in a line nearly 250 people long just to buy a video game but for rabid fans of the first halo on the xbox video game console, it was well worth the wait to buy the new halo 2.
3			investor	share			feelin' blue about blue nile investors didn't appreciate news of their management's plans to sell shares.
4			desktop	microsoft	software			photo gallery: microsoft revs car windows the software juggernaut that conquered the desktop is racing to get windows into your next car.
3			investment	trading	morgan			morgan stanley cracks in 3q investment bank misses estimates as trading income plunges, other units fail to pick up the slack. by rob cox, breakingviews. london breakingviews morgan stanley is the first to slip.
2			game			nintendo's new handheld machine to debut nintendo co. said tuesday it will release its new dual screen portable game machine in north america on nov. 21 and in japan 10 days later.
2			basketball	coach	team			spanish coach bitter after team 's only loss spain did not go quietly in basketball. at least, its basketball coach, mario pesquera, did not. pesquera was upset and outspoken following the 102 94 loss to the americans that took the previously
4			platform	processor	pentium	generation	technology	core			intel heralds dual core pentium m intel continued its charge into its wireless future with news of its next generation pentium m processor. based on the 65 nanometer process technology, intel is working on its napa platform
4			system	technology	share			hewlett packard repurchases shares hewlett packard co., a maker of computers, printers and information technology systems for businesses, said monday that it bought back about $ 1.
3			system	profit			french state railways back in black in first half of 2004 the french state owned railway system was back in the black in the first half of 2004, posting a parent net profit of 43 million euros 52.4 million dollars after losing 243 million euros in the first half of 2003, la tribune economic news daily reported.
1			war			bizarre finish to men 's marathon overshadows american 's silver if legend is to be believed, the end of a victorious war was behind pheidippides trek from marathon to athens 2,500 years ago.
3			earnings	share			dr horton sets record backlog, eyes 'strong fy 05 dr horton inc. dhi posted earnings of $ 349.6 million, or $ 1.47 per share, for the fourth quarter ended sept.
2			classic	win	second	coach	game			roberts leads mississippi st. to 67 54 win mississippi state 's marcus campbell drives to the basket around st. mary 's ej rowland during the second half, at the coaches vs cancer classic consolation game at madison square garden in new york, friday, nov. 19, 2004.
2			title	championship	run	team	series	season	game	bowl			this year, the computers can be outvoted it's over. for now. at least that's the hope of the people who have tried to make the bowl championship series run the right way the past few years. six bcs title games have been played, and three times they matched up the wrong teams. last season was the ultimate fiasco when southern cal, ranked no. 1 in both the ...
4			infrastructure			alcatel snaps up spatial wireless alcatel plans to acquire us based mobile infrastructure company spatial wireless in a deal valued at $ 250 million. the agreement gives alcatel an avenue to expand in the us gear market.
1			party			utah shoots for 5 0 start at new mexico friday trying to crash the bcs party, no. 14 utah hopes to stop a recent trend against new mexico when the mountain west conference rivals meet friday.
2			team	season			big east sets schedule the big east conference announces its schedule plans for next season when it expands to 16 teams. the conference will retain a one division regular season structure.
3			profit	sale			johnson johnson profit up on drug sales diversified health care company johnson johnson on tuesday said its quarterly profit rose on higher sales of prescription drugs and medical devices.
1			talk			dear marwan: don 't do it it has been a very long time since we had an opportunity to talk, and i wish that i could meet you and see you face to face, as i would like to tell you some things on very personal level.
4			system	high	glitch	technology			high tech truck toll system finally launched in germany germany's high tech truck toll system, which relies on gps technology and gsm wireless networks, began operation on saturday without a glitch.
4			user			net service will cater to camera phone users a planned offer from ourpictures hints at the day when camera phones could represent the mainstream way of snapping photos.
2			region	game	season			blizzard entertainment announces world of warcraft street date ... irvine, calif. business wire nov. 4, 2004 highly anticipated massively multiplayer online game to release simultaneously in multiple regions for the holiday season.
4			infrastructure	outsourcing	ibm	technology	morgan			j.p. morgan cancels $ 5b ibm outsourcing deal j.p. morgan, the no. 2 u.s. bank, said that after its recent merger with bank one, it could better manage its own technology and infrastructure.
3			investor	fund			for mutual funds, first the slap. now comes the pinch. a year after the mutual fund industry began to clamp down on some abuses, critics say that other questionable practices that cost investors much more remain untouched.
1			election			florida 'to list nader on ballot' ralph nader can be listed on florida ballots in the us presidential election, the state's electoral chief says.
2			united	detroit	project	sport			man who brought americans the yugo now plans on importing chinese cars to u.s. detroit ap the man who brought the yugo and subaru to the united states and built a gull wing sports car in canada bearing his name now has a new project selling chinese made cars in the united states.
4			standard			audit finds auditors lacking an inspection of canada 's big four audit firms has found no material problems with the work the bay street firms conduct, but did find three cases out of 46 examined that did not meet generally accepted auditing standards.
4			microsoft	system	linux	standard	version			linux promoters agree to standard in attempt to challenge ... seeking to be more competitive with microsoft corp., linux backers have agreed on a standard version of the operating system so that programs written for one linux distribution will work with others.
3			sale	price			restitution is ordered in ebay sales eight ebay sellers were ordered to pay nearly 90,000 in restitution and fines after admitting they bid up products online to inflate the prices.
4			system	linux	version			palmsource embraces linux through china buy palmsource 's planned acquisition of china mobilesoft signals its desire to expand its presence in asian markets, as well as to produce a new, linux based version of its handheld operating system.
2			play	final			consumer spending, incomes up in october who play an important role in shaping economic activity spent briskly in october, an encouraging sign that the final quarter of 2004 is getting off to a decent start. incomes rose sharply.
2			stadium	ben	game	football			florida moves up home game versus kentucky the start time of saturday's college football game between 16th ranked florida and kentucky at ben hill griffin stadium in gainesville was moved from 6 p.m. et to 11:30 a.m. et .
2			team	football			southern discomfort the hottest team in football? you'd have to have your helmet on backward not to recognize the folks in foxborough as they stand on the threshold of history. but take a peek south. you just might notice a couple of former laughingstocks who are no longer sunday punchlines.
1			assembly	election	president	opposition			ukraine president, assembly deadlocked over poll ukraine's outgoing president and opposition appeared deadlocked on tuesday after the collapse of a tentative deal intended to smooth a rerun of elections annulled because of fraud and defuse weeks of turmoil.
4			speed			briefly: ws i tackles web services attachments roundup plus: newspaper sites take up paid search ads...microsoft iptv to woo swiss test speeds up memory stick touts one week, 1 million songs.
4			software			google buys satellite image firm keyhole search giant google said wednesday that it has acquired keyhole, a company specializing in web based software that allows people to view satellite images from around the globe.
4			creator	platform	microsystems	java	enterprise	tool	upgrade	development	arsenal	version	source			sun refreshes development tools line refreshing its development tools arsenal, sun microsystems on tuesday revealed plans for upcoming versions of java studio creator and is unleashing upgrades to the netbeans open source platform and java studio enterprise.
4			platform	infrastructure	enterprise	software	technology	source			exo adds portal software to objectweb objectweb, a consortium focused on delivery of open source infrastructure technologies, announced tuesday that exo platform sarl has joined the consortium and that its enterprise portal solution eps will be hosted by objectweb.
4			feature			yahoo gives web site a facelift internet powerhouse yahoo inc. has given its popular web site a facelift to highlight some of the features that the company has been improving during the past year.
1			final	debate			senate approves intelligence bill the senate vote, 89 to 2, ended a debate that began last summer with the release of the final report of the 9 11 panel.
1			talk	value			national foods in spc takeover talks australian dairy group national foods says it is in talks to take over food processing company spc ardmona, which has a market value of a $ 380 million $ 408 million .
3			cell	sale			cell phone sales keep booming despite a practically saturated western european market, cell phone sales are still booming worldwide, driven by longtime owners clamoring to update their phones and new buyers wanting to get on the phone owning ladder, according to a new report.
4			increase	system	software	vendor	code			e vote vendors hand over software to help increase voter confidence in electronic voting systems, a federal agency establishes a voting software library. all of the major voting equipment makers are submitting their software. the hope is the library will help ensure that no one alters voting code without it being detected. by kim zetter.
2			game	team	win			romania wins women's gymnastics gold, u.s. takes silver romania underlined their superiority over the rest of the field by storming to the women's gymnastics team gold at the olympic games tuesday.
4			system	high	switch			cisco, others expand 10 gigabit ethernet switches cisco systems inc. last week added two supervisor engines with 10 gigabit ethernet ports to its midrange and high end switch lines, and alcatel and hewlett packard co.
4			microsoft	system	ibm	server	integration	version			microsoft updates its ibm connectivity server on tuesday, microsoft unveiled the 2004 version of its host integration server his product, which is designed to integrate ibm mainframes and servers with windows systems.
1			election			lawmakers want paper records of e ballots just five weeks before election day, federal legislators are increasingly casting doubt on electronic voting terminals and demanding that touchscreen computers produce paper records.
4			lab	human			lab defends its handling of hamilton's blood sample the head of the olympic doping lab in athens rejected the suggestion that human error was to blame for the deterioration of tyler hamilton's blood specimen.
4			development	system	tokyo			cisco plans to invest $ 12m in japanese r centre cisco systems, inc. has announced its intent to open a research and development centre in tokyo, japan. the company informs that the facility will open in february, 2005, and will represent an initial $ 12
3			management	airway			us air flight attendants ready for strike flight attendants at bankrupt us airways group inc. have authorized their union to authorize a strike should a federal court permit airline management to void their contract, the association of flight attendants said on monday.
4			talk	technology			oracle in merger talks with other firms oracle is in merger talks with other technology companies as it awaits the outcome of its $ 9.2 billion hostile takeover attempt for rival peoplesoft.
3			investor	profit	stock	fall			wendy 's, interstate bakeries stock falls investors weren 't hungry for food related stocks wednesday after wendy 's international corp. served wall street a profit warning and interstate bakeries inc.
3			investor	shareholder			oracle bid expected to get rival support investors continued to bet friday that most peoplesoft inc. shareholders will back oracle corp.'s 9.2 billion takeover bid for its bitter rival, further extending a bruising battle that already has dragged on for more than 17 months.
4			system	match			in dorms, a method to the matches computer based matching system helps students to find the most compatible roommates.
2			player	fan	baseball	sport			baseball 's image getting creamed it 's the sport that won 't die, no matter what. you can have gamblers, psychotic fans, spouses that blab and players who cork.
1			president			pinochet lawyer blasts case judge a lawyer for ex chilean president augusto pinochet calls for the judge investigating him to be removed from the case.
3			investor	share			last call for investors to bid on google time is running out for prospective investors to submit their offers to buy shares of google inc, the web 's no. 1 search company.
4			buying	technology	season			santa's bag of tech mergers 'tis the season for mergers, as technology firms go on a buying binge this holiday season that is starting to rival the great m a spree of the 1990s.
1			party	election			candidate, party spending tops 1 billion spending by presidential and congressional candidates and the national party committees that support them already tops 1 billion for the 2004 election cycle, with more than two months of campaigning to go.
4			processor	amd	technology	version			amd begins shipments of oakville mobile chips advanced micro devices inc. amd has begun shipping commercial versions of its athlon 64 processors made using a 90 nanometer process, marking another step forward in the company's transition to the more advanced manufacturing technology.
3			value	holding			america west: will not bid for ata america west holdings corp. awa.n: quote, profile, research on thursday said it would not bid for assets of bankrupt carrier ata airlines, saying the value does not justify the cost.
2			coach			browns head coach butch davis resigns cleveland browns head coach butch davis resigned tuesday.
2			draw	final	play	cricket	second	stadium	sport			rains force draw in india australia 2nd test: sports india, cricket: chennai, oct 18 : rains monday poured water on india 's hopes of winning the second test against australia as the fifth and final day 's play was washed out at the ma chidambaram stadium here.
4			tool	software	application	development			borland details new vision for software development at bor con borland software monday previewed updates to its borland starteam and caliberrm tools as part of a new vision for more closely tying the application development lifecycle to business processes.
1			talk			cba eager to explore china plan commonwealth bank has now dipped nearly a whole foot in china 's waters after yesterday confirming advanced talks on a new banking deal.
2			basketball	team	win			terps trounce quakers one day after losing to lsu, maryland's women's basketball team bounces back with a 76 56 win over penn.
1			talk			oracle looks around for acquisitions oracle corp has reiterated that its stalled merger with peoplesoft inc is not the only acquisition opportunity it is considering, and said that talks with other potential targets are already in progress.
1			affair			it's a family affair jimmy jerkens didn't learn how to be a trainer from a racing giant. he was taught by the giant killer, the nickname given to his father, allen.
2			dallas	suite	park	cup	sport			how suite it is at dallas lone star park the locals love of luxury sport viewing has prompted breeders cup ltd., the national thoroughbred racing association and lone star park at grand prairie to offer temporary suites for the first time in the event 's 20 year history.
4			development			haiti's wounds overwhelm a suffering public hospital haiti's largest public hospital is barely functioning despite foreign governments' pledging $ 1.4 billion toward haiti's long term development.
4			switch			3com partners with wireless switch upstart 3com enters into the wireless switch market through a partnership with start up trapeze networks.
4			worm	virus	software	engineer			hp touts software to slow computer worms engineers at hewlett packard co. are working on virus throttling software that they say could slow the spread of internet borne viruses and worms.
4			player	worm	software	patch			lurking threats cast shadow on net the bagle worm shifts shape to outsmart antivirus software. plus: media player patches and feds' fraud crackdown.
4			jump	feature	cell	technology			philips gets the jump on another new promising wireless technology: nfc philips semiconductors has a plan to cash in on the craze for cool new features in cell phones.
4			boston	technology			boston's technology takes corporate, not consumer, tilt if you want to know what it feels like to be a salmon struggling upstream, or a migratory bird flapping south in the face of a stiff headwind, just try starting a consumer technology business in boston.
4			processor	top	enterprise	system	ibm	server			ibm launches top end power5 servers ibm has filled out the top end of its eserver range with three multiple processor systems aimed at datacentres and large enterprise clients.
4			system	ibm	technology	feature	use	high	version	storage			ibm brings high end storage functions to midrange ibm on tuesday announced two new storage products upper midrange and high end disk arrays designed for ease of use and lower cost. the ds6000 and ds8000 feature higher physical storage capacities, a modular architecture, and additional visualization technology, all in systems considerably smaller than previous versions.
2			britain	sport	win	title			sports: holmes added 15 hundred to 800 title athens, greece britain 's kelly holmes has a rare middle distance double at the olympics. she came from behind to win the women 's 15 hundred today in athens.
2			champion	coach			this 1 2 an american original yesterday was former austrian downhill champion franz klammer's 51st birthday, and he celebrated with a prerace champagne toast with coaches and well wishers alongside the birds of prey downhill course.
4			plot	system			review: gps navigation in a mobile phone o.k., so i don't like asking for directions. but i don't get lost so often that i need to spend more than 1,000 on a built in car navigation system to plot my course with global positioning satellites.
2			medal	team			ukrainians' medal stripped the ukrainian four woman rowing team is stripped of its bronze medal thursday after one member tests positive for a banned drug.
2			baseball	redskin	season			hot stove warms d.c. with the redskins sputtering through another disappointing season, the area can now enjoy a new diversion: offseason baseball maneuvering.
4			sale	technology			gambro sells us clinics business gambro, the swedish medical technology group controlled by the wallenberg family, on tuesday confirmed the sale of its us dialysis clinics business to davita and also unveiled
4			technology			tech execs more optimistic about spending study u.s. technology executives are increasingly optimistic about the business climate, although plans for increased technology spending remain modest, according to a study released on monday.
4			standard			chiron delays flu vaccine shipments chiron corp. said on thursday it is delaying the shipment of its flu vaccine, fluvirin, because it has found a small number of lots that do not meet product sterility standards.
4			election	technology			despite federal money, no consistency in e voting tens of millions of people will cast their votes nov. 2 in one of the most hotly contested presidential elections in recent u.s. history. but voters across the u.s. will encounter different voting technologies and procedures, with many counties nationwide clinging to punchcard, lever machine and even paper ballots, and the transition to electronic voting moving slowly in many states.
4			core			intel's dual core xeon due in 2006 a competing chip from rival advanced micro devices will likely arrive several months earlier.
2			cup	race			19 10 04 cup bets in chaos as archie under cloud melbourne cup betting was thrown into disarray with equal favourite she 's archie battling to be fit for the race in a fortnight.
2			coach	club			del neri takes over at as roma former chievo verona coach luigi del neri wednesday took over to coach troubled serie a club as roma, local media reported wednesday.
2			game	team	season			cornhuskers must stop peterson as we head down the stretch of the season, the significance of each game will be amplified. while it is difficult to envision any team looking past an opponent at this juncture of the season
4			system	profit	software			hp's software woe has bigger industry implication when hewlett packard co. hpq.n warned of a profit shortfall last week, it blamed problems it had combining two sap systems, something that the computer maker believed would be relatively simple when they were putting together a deal to buy compaq two years ago.
4			design	core			intel shelves plans for 4 ghz p4 company will break its promise to deliver a speedier chip, shifts focus to dual core designs.
4			server	enterprise	hardware	price			dell cuts prices on enterprise hardware dell nasdaq: dell is giving its corporate customers a break, announcing price cuts on hardware ranging from enterprise servers and workstations, to desktops and notebooks for large business and institutional customers.
2			atlanta	roster	offensive	sport			falcons release whitfield, make seven other moves flowery branch, ga sports network atlanta released offensive tackle bob whitfield and made seven other moves sunday to reach the 53 man roster limit.
1			growth	debate			us jobs growth weaker than expected us businesses added 96,000 jobs to payrolls in september, the government has reported, a weaker than expected total that is expected to sharpen a presidential debate later in the day over the economy 's direction.
3			buying	share	investor	growth	stock			philips leads european stocks lower european shares fell tuesday after weak german zew investor confidence data raised fears economic growth will dwindle and slow consumer buying weighed on the third quarter results of philips.
3			investor			traded companies publicly traded companies command the most attention from investors and the media, but don 't forget that business behemoths start somewhere.
1			measure	president			president hu expounds proposal for ties with l. america visiting chinese president hu jintao on friday proposed political, economic and cultural measures to boost ties between china and latin america.
4			broadband	developer			first wimax baseband chip wavesat inc., a fabless semiconductor developer of broadband wireless chips, today announced delivery of the first ever wimax chip, the dm256.
4			wifi	single	card	technology			sony ericsson introduces new quad band edge wi fi pc card the gc89 pc card combines global edge coverage with the wifi technology in a single card which is compatible with both windows and macintosh computers.
2			team			briefly: verizon sets up iobi home roundup plus: sun makes financial pitch...peoplesoft oracle trial , boeing team up for defense work.
3			sale			after failed attempts, one beacon gets sold one beacon street, one of boston's earliest prominent office towers, was sold yesterday for about $ 340 million, the third time in two years a sale had been in the works for the 34 story building.
4			development	generation	technology	developer			idf intel seeks role in development of the next internet to handle the demands of the next generation internet, a new layer of intelligent nodes and services needs to grow over the existing internet structure, said intel corp. chief technology officer pat gelsinger, during his concluding address at the intel developer forum thursday.
3			good	profit			daimlerchrysler posts 1.27b net profit daimlerchrysler ag said thursday it earned euro1.0 billion 1.27 billion in the third quarter on good performances from its commercial vehicles division and its u.s. chrysler arm, rebounding from a large loss a year ago.
4			worm	system	virus	software	developer	cell	version			new cabir variants quick to replicate f secure, the finnish anti virus software developer, has identified two new, fast spreading versions of cabir, the worm that infects cell phones using the symbian operating system.
4			processor	desktop	amd	management	technology	switch			amd to switch on better opteron power management computers with amd 's opteron processor will soon be able to take advantage of the same power management technology the company has already built into its laptop and desktop microchips.
2			season			season over for niners peterson san francisco 49ers linebacker julian peterson will undergo season ending surgery tuesday on his torn left achilles tendon.
2			sport			arena on mu campus now just mizzou arena the university of missouri board of curators today voted unanimously to rename the former paige sports arena on the columbia campus to mizzou arena.
4			microsoft	computing			allen to help open n.m. computer exhibit microsoft co founder paul g. allen, in a nod to the city where he got his start, is helping launch a museum gallery devoted to the history of computing.
4			technology			akamai strives for a safer, speedier net it was dark and eerily quiet in the command center of akamai technologies inc., a company whose mission of easing internet traffic jams gives it a clear view of what's happening on the internet.
4			microsoft	software	technology	use	movie	access			picture 8 of 8: microsoft's new media center push software maker heads to la to show off a host of gadgets that use one or another microsoft technology to access movies, music and video.
2			play	victory	nhl	player	game			worldstars play strong defensive game in 5 1 victory over hv71 the worldstars had no intention of being blown out of the rink two games in a row in sweden. the travelling band of locked out nhl players turned in a solid defensive game and got
4			desktop	microsoft	tool	file	technology			microsoft launches desktop rival to google the battle for search technology supremacy extended to new front today when microsoft launched a tool for finding files stored on personal computers.
4			generation			singtel to launch 3g trial services soon singapore telecommunications singtel , the biggest telecoms both in singapore and southeast asia, on wednesday announced the start of a month long trial for its third generation
2			coach	game	joe			northwestern notebook there may have been more to kyle orton 's departure from saturday 's game at northwestern than just a left hip flexor. listen to purdue head coach joe tiller, and it sounds as if orton 's physical
1			democrat			democrats signing up more new voters: report democrats have far outpaced republicans in efforts to register new voters in two key us states, according to the new york times, which conducted a county by county analysis of registration data in ohio and florida.
4			amd	ibm	technology	development	access			amd, ibm extend chip development deal advanced micro devices and ibm will work together to devise chip manufacturing technology for three additional years, a deal that will bring about a quarter of a billion to ibm over four years and give amd access to cutting edge chip inventions.
4			management	application			bmc update aims to nip downtime in the bud batch scheduler revamp promises to fend off application failures and boosts bmc's service management push.
4			software			oracle acquires peoplesoft in 10.3b deal oracle corp. finally scooped up bitter rival peoplesoft inc. after 18 months of legal and verbal strife, ending a nasty feud with a 10.3 billion deal that promises to shake up the business software industry.
2			team			nationally ranked trio rules pac 10 the pac 10 midseason report this year will suffer from a case of premature analyzation, considering that at the end of this coming weekend, only one team will remain unblemished and alone atop the conference.
3			investor	shareholder	ipo	stock			small investors scared off by exercise in stock democracy this was supposed to be the people's ipo, an exercise in shareholder democracy that would serve as a model for other companies seeking to go public without the suffocating embrace of wall street.
4			user	platform	processor	computing			chartered to manufacture amd64 processors in 2006 amd64 is a new computing platform that extends the ubiquitous x86 architecture to accommodate 64 bit processing. formerly known as x86 64, amds enhancements to the x86 architecture allow users of laptops
1			leader	reform	top	president			china's president hails deng xiaoping speaking to hundreds of top leaders and ordinary citizens, china's president hu jintao hailed deng xiaoping as the architect of china's economic reforms on sunday, the 100 year anniversary of the late supreme leader's birth.
2			game	top	title	season			video's virtual wonderland we offer the video game shopper a cheat sheet identifying some of the top titles of the season culled from hundreds of games released in time for the holidays.
4			user	microsoft	application	server			microsoft announces istanbul lcs client microsoft corp. is developing a new front end application for its upcoming live communications server lcs 2005 instant messaging server that links lcs 2005 with end users' telephones.
4			speed	debate	broadband	technology	high			telabria plans u.k.'s first wimax network while the debate rages on the economics of deploying and operating wimax networks, a u.k. start up is quietly building what it hopes will be the country's first network based on this emerging high speed broadband wireless technology.
2			nfl	football	athletics	team	coach			key events in the past 20 months in washington athletics football coach rick neuheisel denies speculation that he interviewed with the san francisco 49ers for their head coaching position, saying he never met with the nfl team.
2			player			mobile phone lotto plan unveiled national lottery players will be able to buy their tickets on their mobile phones, operator camelot will announce.
4			technology	price			tech company to plead guilty to price fixing a german manufacturer of technology commonly used in personal computers has agreed to plead guilty and pay a $ 160 million fine for engaging in an international price fixing conspiracy that drove up computer prices, the justice
4			user	card	generation			mmo2 defends cautious 3g approach mmo2 defends its decision not to join the current push to roll out third generation 3g mobile phone services, as it launches a pc plug in card for laptop users.
2			hockey	coach			the old school approach it was early september when northeastern women's hockey coach laura schuler climbed the steep staircase in matthews arena to her new office for the first time.
1			war			the blood is running : mafia wars erupt again it 's the mildest of mild winters down here in the south of italy and, last weekend at bcoli, a pretty suburb by the seaside west of naples, the customers of pizzeria da enrico were making the most of it.
4			standard			maine 's new gold standard michael phelps gave ian crocker a gift and crocker made the most of it saturday. as phelps watched from the stands, cheering and waving a small american flag, crocker
1			relation			eu calls for fresh start in transatlantic trade relations new european union eu trade commissioner peter mandelson called on tuesday for a fresh start in eu us trade relations, which had been through a difficult path in the last few years.
3			sale			telstra ceo out ahead of full sale australian telecommunications giant telstra is looking for a new ceo to handle its full privatization after incumbent ziggy switkowski resigned wednesday.
2			season			syracuse rolls after fast start syracuse had lost its last two season openers. the orange weren 't about to make it three in a row.
2			sport			knicks ed: robinson fails physical new york, ny sports network the one year deal between eddie robinson and the new york knicks is off after the free agent forward failed a physical.
4			software			europe is said to be close to allowing bid by oracle the european union 's competition commissioner, mario monti, is ready to allow oracle to proceed with its $ 7.7 billion hostile takeover bid for its software rival peoplesoft
4			license	software	microsoft	core			no double microsoft pricing for dual core chips dual core microprocessors won 't mean doubled software license fees, according to an announcement by microsoft and advanced micro devices inc.
2			final	play	victory	player	match			goosen skims through rain to secure record victory retief goosen was the only player to book his place in the quarter finals of the hsbc world match play here yesterday but it took a record margin of victory for the south african to be in such a luxurious overnight position.
3			talk	sale	share			ebookers admits possible sell off internet based holiday company ebookers confirms it is in talks over a possible sale, sending its shares 22 higher.
2			top	score	player	high	game			world's top game players battle for cash for the world's best video game players, getting the high score is no longer enough.
2			team	wizard			wizards suspend kwame brown former no. 1 overall pick kwame brown has been suspended by the washington wizards for conduct detrimental to the team.
4			leadership	tool	science			mass. colleges awarded grant for nanotech the state's bid for leadership in the emerging field of nanotechnology got a boost yesterday when the national science foundation awarded a $ 12.4 million five year grant to a consortium, led by northeastern university, to create an engineering center to develop tools and processes for building nanoscale devices.
3			trading			oft considering itunes rip off claims uk regulator the office of fair trading oft has not initiated an investigation into apple 's itunes uk pricing. the consumer 's association ca yesterday filed a complaint with the oft, alleging that apple is ripping off uk music buyers.
4			system			cisco, wells fargo face new security breaches cisco systems and wells fargo found themselves this week again responding to security breaches nearly identical to ones the two companies faced only months earlier.
2			player	coach	football			nicholls state fires football coach nicholls state football coach daryl daye was fired sunday over accusations of academic fraud involving players and an assistant coach. daye was not implicated in the alleged fraud, but an investigation found he failed to maintain proper controls of the assistant, the southland conference school said.
4			app	enterprise	software	erp	application			edge dynamics launches new breed of enterprise app enterprise software takes an evolutionary step forward as edge dynamics and tibco software develop software that combines elements of both erp and bi applications.
4			concern	software			china grabs software research deals despite risks global software makers are looking to china as a new center for research efforts, seeking to take advantage of cheap programming talent despite nagging intellectual property concerns.
4			stem	technology			online fraud: we got law, but no enforcement because of the open nature of the internet, there seems to be no immediate prospects that technology or law enforcement can stem the flood of online fraud.
1			politics	politician	arrest	election	party	victory			sex scandal rocks hong kong politics the arrest in south china of a hong kong pro democracy politician for hiring a prostitute has eroded support for his party and hurt its chance of victory in the city 's legislative elections next month.
2			game			gators upset again he florida gators were upset 38 31 by mississippi state, who entered the game with a 1 5 record, including a loss to div iaa maine.
4			computing	technology			mozilla: the next internet explorer? at the office of information technology computing cluster in perkins library, junior alexandra oliveira was among the many students browsing the internet.
4			processor	speed	core			intel shifts course on processors intel corp. took a huge step tuesday away from its usual strategy of pushing the need for speed, announcing that it will offer microprocessors with dual cores across all product lines starting next year.
2			football	ncaa	trophy	player	championship			montana keeps tradition going despite youth no players are pictured on the front or back covers of the montana football media guide. displayed instead are images of the two ncaa championship trophies the grizzlies have won
2			game	holding			bid books land in lausanne as cities sweat it out five cities vying to stage the 2012 summer games reveal their hands this week as olympic chiefs scrutinize their plans for holding the world's greatest sporting extravaganza.
2			race	win			el guerrouj, holmes complete doubles; americans yield hicham el guerrouj became the first man in 80 years to win the 1,500 and the 5,000 races at one olympics, joining finnish great paavo nurmi in the history books on saturday.
4			hit	technology			tv humor with a digital punch line martin sargent has mixed humor and technology into an unlikely hit on g4techtvs unscrewed.
4			platform	hardware	desktop	tool	good	vendor	technology	source	version			mozilla desktop search the mozilla foundation may be considering a desktop search implementation : having launched the much awaited version 1.0 of the firefox browser yesterday see story , the mozilla foundation is busy planning enhancements to the open source product, including the possibility of integrating it with a variety of desktop search tools. the mozilla foundation also wants to place firefox in pcs through reseller deals with pc hardware vendors and continue to sharpen the product's pop up ad blocking technology. i'm not sure this is a good idea. maybe it is though. the technology just isn't there for cross platform search. i'd have to suggest using lucene but using gcj for a native compile into ...
2			pas	race			cambodia rush to solve succession cambodia races to pass laws to decide the sucession after king sihanouk's abdication announcement.
4			virus	cell	application			new skulls program kills cell phone applications virus authors have found new prey. they are going after symbian based cell phones with a new trojan horse that kills applications and replaces their icons with a skull image.
4			development			lamy says airbus pleased with us decision to take subsidy dispute ... the european aircraft manufacturing group airbus believes it will benefit from a us decision to take a subsidy dispute to the wto, since the move will destabilize development of the 7e7 by us rival boeing, eu trade commissioner pascal lamy said here
2			beat	game	sport			beijing ahead of games for '08 the countdown clock for 2008 will be installed in tiananmen square next month. not that beijing has been lollygagging since the lords of the rings awarded the summer games to the city three years ago. beijing is bristling with cranes and steamshovels and jackhammers providing a staccato beat, with 30 sports venues in various stages of construction, including ...
3			chain	top			blockbuster offers to buy hollywood chain blockbuster inc. , the largest u.s. video rental chain, on thursday said it has contacted hollywood entertainment corp. about acquiring its top rival for $ 700 million.
4			feature			yahoo introduces personal search yahoo has enhanced its my yahoo service with personalization features including search history, the ability to save pages to a 'personal web' and block urls from appearing in search results.
3			good			china signs us 2.1b worth of contracts for 23 airbus jets, german goods beijing ap china signed contracts monday worth nearly 2.1 billion us to buy 23 airbus jetliners and other german industrial goods.
3			share			ta agrees to acquire bulgaria 's mobiltel telekom austria yesterday said it had agreed to buy mobiltel, bulgaria 's leading mobile telephone operator, in a step widely seen as preparing the way for a big share placement in the austrian group.
3			earnings	enterprise			fleetwood enterprises earnings higher recreational vehicle maker fleetwood enterprises inc. on tuesday said quarterly earnings rose on improved results at its mobile home division.
4			grid	enterprise	emc	technology	standard	computing			it heavyweights form grid computing alliance dell, emc, intel and oracle have sealed an alliance to develop grid computing technology. the move is an effort to develop a standard approach to building and deploying enterprise grid computing infrastructures.
2			team	victory	championship			solberg takes inaugural rally japan petter solberg claimed a comfortable victory on rally japan, keeping his wrc championship hopes alive, and giving a home soil victory to the subaru team.
2			game	football	bottom			one man 's opinion cal review in football, just as in many other aspects of life, it is the bottom line that counts. in that respect, this game was a huge success.
4			use	system			meet palm, the phone operator paris on tuesday, palmsource, the maker of the palm operating system for hand held devices, is scheduled to announce its first operating system designed specifically for smart phones, mobile phones that allow you to not only make voice calls but also use
4			growth	software	developer			jasc acquisitionm corel 's come back sign corel has acquired jasc software, developer of the windows only paint shop family of products. discussing the move, corel calls the acquisition: a crucial part of its ongoing growth strategy.
1			race	president			race row as mbeki blood rejected sa's blood service faces questions after president mbeki's blood is destroyed because he is black.
1			leader	president			new somali leader to be sworn in somalia's president elect, tasked with setting up the first national government in 13 years, is due to take the oath of office in kenya.
4			system	pack			windows xp sp2 help certainly you know by now that windows xp service pack 2 sp2 has been released. as anticipated, some systems have had problems after installation of the new service pack. but many people report that their installations have been successful and without ...
2			player	baseball	game	sport			drugs in sport: baseball rocked by bonds and giambi admissions the ever widening balco scandal has sent new shockwaves through baseball, as it emerged that barry bonds, arguably the best player in the game, had used suspicious substances
3			sale			france japan: carrefour mulls sale of japanese stores report french retail giant carrefour is reported to be planning to sell its operations in japan in a bid to generate cash amid continuing weak sales in europe.
3			system	profit	sale			imclone posts profit on erbitux sales imclone systems inc. imcl.o: quote, profile, research on thursday posted its third successive quarterly profit helped by strong sales of its new colon cancer drug erbitux.
4			lab	microsoft	vendor			media centre on the march the arrival of microsoft 's windows xp media centre on october 13 will be not so much a launch as a co ordinated assault. a brigade of vendors, including hewlett packard, toshiba, acer, creative labs, iriver
2			player	fan	baseball			baseball fans relieved after strike cancelled baseball fans let out a cheer when players cancelled their strike over the planned merger of the osaka kintetsu buffaloes and orix bluewave.
2			final	team			sun burn mystics, advance to conference finals an infusion of young talent and a change of scenery has done wonders for the former orlando miracle. reborn last year as the connecticut sun, the team landed in the wnba eastern conference
4			technology	low	broadband	access			wi fi brings broadband to rural washington technologies that extend the range of wi fi wireless lans are making that low priced technology an option for broadband internet access in u.s. rural areas with limited broadband options.
4			software			peoplesoft dismisses ceo conway board cites lack of confidence in craig conway as software maker battles a hostile takeover.
3			earnings			eds again postpones q3 earnings report a continuing review of its troubled navy marine corps intranet contract forced embattled services provider eds to again delay its third quarter financial report.
4			system	processor	core			freescale unveils dual core processor architecture how about an embedded processor that 's designed to deliver a quantum leap in performance and system bandwidth while keeping power in check?
1			president			philosopher jacques derrida dies at 74 world renowned thinker jacques derrida, a charismatic philosopher who founded the school known as deconstructionism, has died, the french president 's office said saturday.
4			software	management	feature	application	version			sap spiffs up small business programs the software maker releases an upgraded version of its small business management applications with new features for coordinating factory work.
2			team			woodwork leaves sicilian derby goalless the first serie a derby between two sicilian teams in nearly 40 years ended goalless on thursday as messina were held at home to palermo.
2			tournament	ncaa	champion	team	hockey	coach			murtagh a stickler for success northeastern field hockey coach cheryl murtagh doesn't want the glare of the spotlight that shines on her to detract from a team that has been the america east champion for the past three years and has been to the ncaa tournament 13 times.
3			investor	shareholder	standard	sale			standard bank agrees stake sale shareholders in south africa's biggest banking group standard bank agree to sell a 10 stake to black investors.
2			player	game			gaming godzillas prepare for battle let the games begin. not the olympics again, but the all out battle between video game giants sony corp. and nintendo co. ltd. the two japanese companies are rolling out new gaming consoles, but nintendo has beaten sony to the punch by announcing an earlier launch date for its new hand held game player.
4			technique	hacker			us website offers caller id falsification service overdue debtors beware: you may not be able to rely on caller id to screen out those annoying bill collectors much longer. a california entrepreneur has a plan to bring the hacker technique of caller id spoofing
3			good			eu set to lift sanctions for now the european union has decided that it will lift, at least temporarily, the sanctions it has imposed on us goods, now that congress enacted sweeping changes in corporate tax law earlier this month, an eu official said yesterday.
4			generation			vodafone launches 3g in uk vodafone, the world 's largest mobile phone operator, today finally launched its third generation 3g services as it seeks to recoup 16.
4			user	technology	use	fan	infringement			wendy on induce engadget has a great post from wendy about the induce act: 1 induce looks like a clear contradiction to the 'betamax' decision. if induce is passed, does that setup a rollback of 'betamax'? while we're safe from induce for this term, we'll likely see this zombie again and again, so it's important for technologists, technology fans, and everyone else to let their congresspeople know how harmful it would be. the betamax case sony v. universal said that sony wasn't liable for the possible infringing uses of the betamax vcr more generally, makers of technology capable of substantial non infringing use are not liable for their users' infringement. induce would replace that clea ...
1			president			eisner, on ovitz, describes a culture clash at disney georgetown, delaware it was at his mother 's funeral in the summer of 1996 that michael eisner, the chief executive of walt disney, knew he had to dismiss the president he had hired just 10 months earlier.
1			election			fla. voters to begin casting early ballots election day is still two weeks away, but voters across the state have the option monday of beginning to cast their ballots early in this pivotal battleground state...
4			microsoft	system	ibm	management	vendor			leading vendors back competing systems management specifications the ws management spec is part of the effort to improve sun microsoft system interoperability. but ibm is taking a different road.
2			sport	bidding	price			going, going, fraud! charges made in online bidding for some, it turned out that fairness in online auctions was going, going, gone. three cases of phony bidding by sellers to inflate the price of art, sports memorabilia, even
4			producer	united	content	software	technology	developer			is us wireless industry catching up on 3g? san franciscowireless software developers and content producers attending the ctia wireless show here say the united states is on the verge of catching up with europe and japan in the deployment of the latest wireless technology and content.
1			movie	president	election			poe, philippine actor who ran for president, dies philippine movie legend fernando poe jr., who came close to unseating gloria macapagal arroyo in may's presidential election, died on tuesday after suffering a stroke, his family said.
2			design	game			what do women game designers want? video game makers are showing new interest in creating games that appeal to women. but women who might design those games are still finding it hard to break into an industry that considers gaming a boy thing.
4			platform	ntt	hardware	docomo	ibm	software	technology	development			trusted mobile platform launches early stage specifications ibm nyse: ibm , intel and ntt docomo nyse: dcm have proposed a new industry platform to guide the development of security technologies in both software and hardware for wireless mobile devices. the companies are part of new group pushing the trusted mobile platform.
1			talk			volkswagen says no room for wage hikes frankfurt, germany aug. 23, 2004 automaker volkswagen said monday there is no room for wage increases this year as it prepares for pay talks with germany 's largest industrial union.
1			science	presidency	election			candidates battle for hearts and minds in the science journals the battle for the us presidency enters new territory today with both candidates turning to scientific journals to set out their election promises.
4			system			pacificare to buy american medical pacificare health systems inc. , one of the biggest medicare plan providers, said on wednesday it has agreed to buy health care benefits provider american medical security group inc. for $ 502 million to expand its product offerings to individuals and small businesses.
4			system	worm	virus	access			voyeur virus news: w32 rbot gr is a windows worm that lets others access your computer. it steals information, uses its own emailing engine, reduces system security, records keystrokes and installs itself in the registry.
1			leader	opposition			probe into yushchenko poisoning reopens ukrainian prosecutors sunday reopened their investigation into allegations viktor yushchenko was poisoned after doctors treating the opposition leader confirmed he had been slipped the toxic chemical dioxin.
4			enterprise	system	technology	broadband	munich	siemens	switch			siemens agrees to sell huawei enterprise gear siemens ag continues to deepen its ties with chinese rival huawei technologies co. ltd. the munich based engineering and manufacturing conglomerate agreed friday to resell routers and switches from huawei's quidway product line just eight months after the two companies formed a joint venture for manufacturing new mobile broadband systems in china.
4			system			out with the old at eds electronic data systems' early retirement plan aims to save hundreds of millions of dollars, but saying goodbye to veteran employees could be hard on the firm.
3			investor	value			foolish collective 'investors' have about half of the patience they need, which will yield none of the value they want.
4			development			search engine forums spotlight links to this week's topics from search engine forums across the web: click fraud said to be 50 of clicks ppc 91;pay per click 93; and affiliate marketing, will it last? press releases for link development new adwords traffic estimator adwords: is broadmatch really bad? marketing tactics with shopping search engines how to optimize pdfs
1			party	democrat	war	election			senior house republican in re election war having served 17 terms, illinois rep. phil crane is the most senior republican in the house. his quest for an 18th is proving difficult and has party strategists scrambling to fend off a challenge from democrat melissa bean.
4			system	point	scientist			electronic back seat driver system to be tested australian scientists have invented an electronic driver 's assistant system, similar to the back seat driver who forever points out road signs and warns against speeding.
2			medal	champion	game			pahlavan rezazadeh stuns world, set new record iran 's heavyweight weightlifting champion pahlavan hossein rezazadeh once again won one of the olympic games most precious gold medals.
4			database	java	ibm	software	developer	project	source			ibm to help cloudscape developers ibm on monday will unveil free developer resources for cloudscape, a small footprint, java based database that the company recently contributed to the apache software foundation as an open source project.
1			talk			the three kings of wireless one way or the other, the u.s. wireless phone industry is headed for further consolidation. reports yesterday that nextel and sprint are in merger talks had wall street swooning and consumer advocates worrying.
1			party	coalition	reform	president			brazil's biggest party votes to leave government p p p by tiago pariz p p brasilia, brazil reuters brazil's biggest party votedto leave the governing coalition on sunday in a move that couldcomplicate president luiz inacio lula da silva's reform agendaand pressure him to give the centrist party extra governmentposts. p
2			game	shot			athletes return to olympia home after 1,611 years olympia, home of the olympics for more than 12 centuries, hosted a track and field event for the first time in 1,611 years when the shot putters of the athens games arrived at greece 's most sacred sporting site.
2			league	team	football			salt lake gets expansion team; divisions realigned for 2005 the arena football league board of directors approved salt lake city 's expansion bid on monday and realigned divisions for 2005 after dropping three teams.
3			shareholder			sacking 'sensible : ziggy sacked telstra chief executive ziggy switkowski has conceded his departure was sensible for the company and its shareholders.
4			generation	standard	storage			sony moves forward with blu ray dvd standard sony rivals toshiba, sanyo and nec are working on hd dvd rather than blu ray. both are designed to have much more storage capacity than the current generation of discs.
4			desktop	feature			dell inspiron 9200 17 desktop replacement notebook released dell has released the new inspiron 9200 that replaces the inspiron 9100 as dell 's desktop replacment style notebook. the 9200 features a 17 ultrasharp wide screen with either an xga or uxga resolution display.
2			title	championship	top	win	tennis	sport			mello ousts spadea to win title in delray beach delray beach, fl sports network brazilian ricardo mello upset top seeded american vince spadea in straight sets on sunday to win the title at the $ 380,000 international tennis championships.
3			investor	dow	sale	share			2nd update: telstra chief quits amid asia m a missteps sydney dow jones under pressure to boost investor interest ahead of aa $ 30 billion share sale, australia 's largest telephone company telstra corp.
4			technology	series			rim introduces breakthrough keyboard technology for smaller ... the new keyboard technology from research in motion has garnered early praise for its ingenuity and effectiveness. the blackberry 7100 tm series handsets are the first wireless devices with
4			software	management	technology	storage			storagetek scoops up storability for ilm portfolio storage technology corp. storagetek acquired storability inc. on thursday for an undisclosed sum in an attempt to boost the storage management and monitoring software delivery capabilities of its ilm information lifecycle management portfolio.
1			leader	parliament	race	country	president			ghana votes for new president, parliament voters in ghana queued on tuesday to choose a new leader for their west african country in what was expected to be a race between incumbent john kufuor and long standing rival john atta mills.
4			share	technology	fall			intel bullish on technology direction at fall analysts meeting sounding anything other than a company that has had its share of missteps in recent months, outgoing intel chief executive craig barrett expressed confidence and even a bit of cockiness at the company 's fall analysts conference in new york
2			depot	restaurant	play	estate	sport			sports depot makes a strategic play anticipating harvard university's expansion in allston, the owner of the sports depot pub style restaurant last week bought longtime neighbor able rug's real estate a 19th century slap dash warehouse style building and a parking lot for $ 1.25 million.
3			investor			sony led investor group finalizes buyout of mgm new york kyodo a group of investors led by sony corp. said thursday it has finalized a $ 4.9 billion acquisition deal with hollywood film studio metro goldwyn mayer inc.
3			player	profit			dvd player profits down to $ 1 want to get into the market for dvd players? intense competition and standardization mean that you might make more as a mime.
1			politics	country	election	second			ukraines choice europe 's second largest country ill go to the polls in an election that will have a profound influence on european politics for years to come.
3			profit			yahoo profit more than triples internet media company yahoo reported its quarterly profit more than tripled from the year earlier, boosted by stronger online advertising and its acquisition of overture services.
4			networking			3com to buy tippingpoint for $ 340 million security firm will operate as a division of 3com; deal expected to close next year. by networking pipeline news. 3com has signed an agreement to purchase the security company tippingpoint for $ 340 million.
3			profit			diebold cuts forecasts on legal costs diebold inc., a maker of automated teller machines, on monday cut its third quarter and yearly profit views, citing legal and other costs from the controversy over security and certification of its electronic voting machines in california.
2			captain	match			odumbe handed five year ban former kenya captain maurice odumbe receives a five year ban for receiving money to fix a match.
4			system	prisoner	technology			cisco brings it skills to uk prisoners cisco systems is working with the uk government on a pilot programme to train prison inmates in information and communications technology ict skills.
3			chain	top			blockbuster interested in hollywood chain blockbuster inc. , the largest u.s. video rental chain, on thursday said it has contacted hollywood entertainment corp. about acquiring its top rival for $ 700 million.
2			medal	game	team	trophy			lopez adds to trophy chest with ease in the 2000 games, the us taekwondo team brought four athletes to sydney and won one medal, steve lopez taking the gold in the 150 pound division.
3			investor	fund			2 fund groups to pay $ 450 million to end inquiry the $ 450 million settlement is with regulators who accused the companies of improperly allowing favored investors to rapidly trade in and out of their funds.
4			software	penalty	microsoft	developer			penalties unlikely to rein in microsoft penalties imposed on microsoft by the european union are unlikely to rein in the software giant and could result in higher costs for other software developers, regulators said on friday.
4			tool	software	lab	access			software maker launches remote access tools among new products from 3am labs is a free tool for accessing a pc via any device with a browser.
4			identification	suite	frequency	ibm	technology			ibm broadens suite of rfid services ibm tuesday will announce an expansion of its services for companies seeking help with radio frequency identification technology. over the past several months, ibm has developed rfid services
3			holding			update 1: regulators ask prosecutors to probe ufj financial regulators on thursday asked prosecutors to investigate allegations that ufj holdings inc. 's banking unit illegally obstructed recent inspections by reporting misleading information about its nonperforming loans.
4			system	tool	software	management	application			motive aims to head off system glitches three new software management tools are designed to help businesses keep applications configured properly to avoid snarl ups.
4			user			security: end users are your first line of defense my column is dedicated to training and education issues for it professionals but how much do we think about training for end users, particularly educating users to be security aware?
1			leader	race			snohomish county, marysville, back out of track plan plans for a nascar race track in snohomish county crashed and burned monday, when local leaders advised international speedway corp.
4			player	software	microsoft			judge to weigh removing media player from windows a european union judge will weigh on friday whether microsoft should be forced to remove its music and video player from its windows operating software
4			low	export	region	technology			group accuses honeywell of planning to export jobs update an alliance of technology workers on tuesday accused conglomerate honeywell international of planning to move thousands of jobs to low cost regions over the next five years a charge that honeywell denies.
1			leader			google buys digital mapping company google inc. has bought digital map maker keyhole corp., extending the search engine leader 's bid to fend off rivals with a toolbox that can catalog almost anything in the world.
3			stock			mobile boohoo for sohu chinese net stock nasdaq: sohu dropped by 10 on friday after the company announced that its multimedia messaging services with china mobile communication had been temporarily suspended for a year. the sanctions were ...
4			technology			'eicu' lets doctors monitor many patients your next doctor could be keeping an eye on you from afar via a camera and a bank of computer screens. an expanding number of hospitals are adopting technology that allows critical care doctors and nurses to monitor dozens of patients at different hospitals simultaneously, much as an air traffic controller keeps track of several planes.
2			play			tendulkar set to play in third test v australia sachin tendulkar is set to return for next week's third test against australia in nagpur after coming through a fitness check on saturday.
4			growth	hardware			record results for dell in third quarter dell continued to outpace the rest of the it industry in the company 's third quarter with sizzling growth in shipments, revenue, and net income adding up to the best quarter yet for the hardware supplier.
4			lab	microsystems	java	tool	software	development	ship	project			sun to add jfluid profiling tool to java studio sun microsystems inc. last week took an important step toward commercializing an experimental java performance measurement tool called jfluid, moving the two year old project from the sun labs research and development group into the company's software division. sun now expects to ship the software as part of an april 2005 release of its java studio integrated development environment ide , the company said.
2			play	game	president			jfk assassination game stirs up controversy a pc game produced by scottish firm traffic games has come under fire from the family of former us president john f kennedy for allowing gamers to play through his assassination as sniper lee harvey oswald.
4			technology			security expert warns computer hackers keeping up with technology computer hackers are keeping up with the times and are putting an increasingly technology dependent world at risk, the chairman of leading us based it security firm mcafee said.
4			developer			many see hope in parkinson's drug pulled from testing some parkinson's patients say drug developer amgen robbed them of their only hope by ordering all patients off an experimental drug.
4			user	microsoft	tool	ibm	software	feature	developer	language	application			ibm, borland and microsoft boost developers ability to ... microsoft, ibm and borland are upgrading their software and offering users new workflow features, support for multiple languages and tools to manage the lifecycle of in house applications.
3			investor	shareholder	mining	development			gold fields shareholders reject a merger shareholders of the south african mining company gold fields rejected a bid to merge with iamgold of toronto tuesday, a development that shifted investors focus back to harmony gold mining 's hostile bid for gold fields.
4			technology			sony's sxrd projection tv to take on dlp new rear projection technology from sony to be featured in new hdtv.
2			sport	protection			free speech protection sought for internet casino ads the operator of a gambling news site on the internet has asked a federal judge to declare that advertisements in u.s. media for foreign online casinos and sports betting outlets are protected by free speech rights...
3			management	sale	share			legg mason to offer 4 million shares legg mason inc. , one of the fastest growing u.s. asset management companies, on wednesday said it plans a public offering of 4 million shares, a sale that could raise almost $ 300 million.
2			good	game	football			yale in way of harvard 's chance for perfection he should save the tears: unlike most senior quarterbacks at harvard, he might not be saying good bye to football after the game against yale on saturday.
4			system	ibm			new ibm report will warn of computer security threats i.bm plans to begin releasing on monday a monthly report of threats to computer networks in an effort to establish an indicator similar to the federal government 's homeland security advisory system.
2			club			regis corp. in deal to buy hair club for men and women regis corp. rgs announced a deal to acquire hair club for men and women in which it will pay $ 210 million.
2			devil	game	football			football game notes: duke vs. virginia, 10 21 04, 1 pm the blue devils entertain 14th ranked virginia this week to highlight parents and family weekend on the duke campus ... kickoff is set for 1 pm ... the blue devils stand at 1 5 on the year after dropping a
4			player	feature	storage			gateway launches photo mp3 player mp3 photo jukebox features 1.6 inch color lcd and 4gb of storage.
2			basketball	football	ncaa	coach	game			ncaa clears neuheisel, reprimands washington the ncaa on wednesday cleared former washington football coach rick neuheisel of wrongdoing related to his gambling on basketball games, but reprimanded the university for failing to monitor the football program.
2			hit	game	kick			buried gems of the ps1 these games aren't the best, nor are they the prettiest. nbsp;instead, these are the games i played with my friends the games let us kick the ever loving crap out of each other in increasingly fascinating ways. nbsp;these are the most original head to head sleeper hits on the sony playstation. just some fun stuff you might've missed the first time around.
2			game	race	striker			yorke: two due in court on race charges two men are due in court over alleged racist abuse aimed at footballer dwight yorke. the birmingham city striker made a complaint after a game against blackburn rovers on sunday.
1			leader	election	opposition			election commission stops vote count as opposition protests ukraine 's central election commission has suspended vote counting from the 31 october presidential election. the opposition says that 's because a complete count would reveal that its leader, viktor yushchenko
4			software			sap taps hp for software as service push with help of longtime partner, german software maker dips toe in market it had downplayed.
4			system	energy			ariz. schools to get solar energy systems six local schools will have solar energy systems installed over the next year. the systems are expected to lower utility bills and teach students about renewable energy.
4			kevin	talk	title	technology			switching titles, if not gears, at dell kevin b. rollins, the new chief executive of dell, talks about dell's transitory slip in customer service, and why he sees a broader technology recovery taking place.
3			investment	shareholder	share			halliburton warns against tender offer oilfield services firm halliburton co. on friday advised its shareholders to reject a discounted tender offer from a canadian investment company that is looking to buy up to 3 million halliburton shares.
3			management	airway			us air flight attendants ready for strike flight attendants at bankrupt us airways group inc. have authorized their union to call a strike should a federal court allow airline management to void their contract, the association of flight attendants said on monday.
2			wood	tiger	management	joe	sport			forstmann little to buy sports, talent agency img international management group, a sports and celebrity management and marketing firm that has represented tiger woods, joe montana, and derek jeter, is being sold to a new york buyout specialist firm in a cash deal valued at more than $ 700 million.
4			system	profit	software			hp's software woe has bigger industry implication when hewlett packard co. warned of a profit shortfall last week, it blamed problems it had combining two sap systems, something that the computer maker believed would be relatively simple when they were putting together a deal to buy compaq two years ago.
3			investor	stock			research in motion ends bumpy week the roller coaster ride continues for investors in research in motion rimm:nasdaq news research . the wireless company 's stock fell nearly 12 on friday to $ 77.
4			technology	storage			notebooks store more: hitachi releases 100 gigabyte notebook hard ... hitachi global storage technologies was founded in 2003 as a result of the strategic combination of hitachis and ibms storage technology businesses.
2			quarterback	season	rookie	opener	sport			giants tab warner as starter east rutherford, nj sports network the new york giants put an end to any possible quarterback controversy as kurt warner was named the starter over rookie eli manning for the season opener.
4			microsoft	software	feature	vendor	server			microsoft trims next windows server release executives with the redmond software vendor vow they will deliver the 'r2' windows server release in 2005. but to do so, they are pushing back some features.
4			infrastructure	app	suite	system	bea	server	application	version			bea readies app server package for isvs bea systems on monday is releasing a version of its application infrastructure suite designed to enable isvs to deliver products for soas service oriented architectures .
3			enterprise			google lays out lofty plans for search appliance google inc. is working hard to broaden the searching and indexing capabilities of its enterprise search appliance from web documents based on the http and https protocols to multiple and disparate non web data repositories, a google executive said tuesday.
4			hardware	team	identification	frequency	software	technology			sap, infineon team up to accelerate rfid deployment cycles infineon technologies ag today will launch a radio frequency identification package designed to help companies more easily connect and manage rfid hardware and software from multiple suppliers
1			agenda	presidency			brown to press for marshall plan for africa gordon brown has declared that the creation of a marshall plan for africa is at the heart of the government 's agenda for its presidency of the group of eight in 2005, seeking
2			winner	race	series			champ car rumors f1 news moderator: welcome everyone to today 's press conference. we have a lineup with thrilling racing that 's delivered six different winners in 13 races along with an incredibly talented crop of rookies this year that will indeed be the future of our series.
4			sharing	microsoft	technology	microsystems			mcnealy: sun is boxing clever with microsoft the ground breaking legal settlement and technology sharing deal between microsoft corp and sun microsystems inc will not diminish competition between the two adversaries.
3			investor	profit	ipo	earnings			google doubles profits google 's first quarterly earnings statement since its recent ipo rewarded investors with the news that the company has doubled its profits in the past year.
4			technology	relative			who 's calling? it might not be who you think it is a start up began offering a technology wednesday that can spoof a caller id number, potentially opening the door to telemarketing calls that seem to be coming from a relative or a different company.
4			point	team	system	software	networking	access			cisco expands wlan line, teams up with airdefense cisco systems has announced a pair of wireless access points that offer dual band connectivity and said its line of wireless networking products is being integrated with intrusion detection software from airdefense.
4			enterprise	ibm	software	technology	integration			ibm and cisco automate enterprise security ibm and cisco have extended their global security alliance through the integration of ibm tivoli software with cisco network admission control technologies to help enterprises automatically comply with security policies, then quarantine and remediate at
1			election	human			hong kong in climate of fear as elections near: report hong kong, sept. 9, 2004the human rights situation in hong kong has taken a turn for the worse this year, a human rights group said thursday, citing beijing sponsored political intimidation as the former
4			development			renowned european laboratory turns 50 a european laboratory that was the birthplace of the world wide web and home of nobel prize winning developments in the quest to understand the makeup of matter wished itself a happy 50th birthday tuesday.
3			good			why good friends don't always make good doctors when painful medicine is involved, closeness to a patient can make for fuzzy views.
2			knee	mail	sport			online extortionists cripple e commerce so when he got an e mail from gangsters threatening to bring his online sports betting operation to its knees, he paid up. before long, though, the thugs wanted $ 40,000.
4			ram	top	president	vendor	technology	application			peoplesoft exec follows conway out the door within two weeks of the firing of ceo craig conway, business applications vendor peoplesoft inc. has seen the departure of another top executive, ram gupta, executive vice president of products and technology.
3			holding			obesity solution: nuke it sharp unveils a new fat busting microwave. also: arm holdings zeroes in on artisan components hellip;. gateway will sell pcs at micro center stores in its latest push to return to profitability hellip;. and more.
4			gate	software	microsoft			microsoft opens windows to the home bill gates unveils plans to make media center software the centerpiece of the digital home.
2			angeles	los	sport			divac sidelined with back problem el segundo, california sports network los angeles lakers center vlade divac is not expected to be ready for the start of training camp due to a herniated disc in his lower back.
4			cell	processor	java			nec develops multicore cell phone processor demo shows the chip running a java applet, a browser and displaying some video at the same time.
4			desktop	tool	file	application			ask jeeves launches desktop search tool online search company ask jeeves inc. wednesday launched an application that lets people search files and documents on their computers, joining a number of competitors who have released similar applications recently.
4			high	speed	technology	access			wimax: latest trend, or hype? san francisco: at virtually every turn, intel corp executives are heaping praise on an emerging, long range wireless technology known as wimax, which can blanket entire cities with high speed internet access.
2			team			new super 12 teams still up in the air the australian rugby union yesterday denied south african reports that the blueprint for an expanded super 12 competition had been completed and would not include a team from melbourne.
4			firewall	system	software	broadband	computing	switch			a sense of security an independent news writer tells of his switch from windows to a 15 inch powerbook,: two months in, i have a prevailing sense of security and safety. there 's been not a sniff of system meltdown. the software and security updates are easy, convenient and via broadband fast. the sense of considerable computing power and massive processing going on is very evident, but it feels secure behind the os x firewall and a router; and all with no need for antivirus software. aug 20
4			system	amd	technology			geektech: picking your perfect pci express pc intel based pcs are shipping now and amd systems with the technology are on the way.
4			crm	microsoft	tool	software	application			microsoft shows small business software new navision 4.0 application includes financial, e commerce, and crm tools.
4			technology			fcc certifies freescale ultrawideband technology freescale semiconductor starts shipping its xs110 chip, which will help consumers to connect devices wirelessly.
1			election	talk	aid			eu, u.s. talks on aircraft aid grounded u.s. and eu negotiators disagreed on thursday about state aid for aircraft rivals airbus and boeing, winding up no closer on a sensitive issue that has gathered steam before the u.s. presidential election.
2			season			why mego had to go gary megson dug himself into one almighty hole by announcing his decision to leave at the end of the season, it 's a strategy that never works whether it comes from the manager himself or the boardroom.
2			winner	game	season			halo 2 for xbox halo 2 has shipped and it is now very clear which game is will dominate the xbox this silly season. bungie 's latest is a real winner.
1			leader	relation			comcast subpoenas elected leaders in montgomery who favored union two montgomery county council members who supported a campaign by employees of comcast cable communications to form a union have been subpoenaed by company attorneys in a federal labor relations case involving a rockville man who says he was illegally fired by the firm.
4			system			cisco adds to nac framework with acquisition cisco systems inc is to buy perfigo inc for $ 74 million, adding an endpoint security policy enforcement system aimed at small and medium sized organizations to the developing portfolio of products under its network admission control program.
4			reform	technology			tech groups praise parts of intelligence bill technology trade groups cheered parts of a comprehensive intelligence reform bill passed by congress yesterday, but said the government's chief cybersecurity official should have a more prominent position.
3			shareholder			media mogul black lined his pockets every day not once or twice, but on dozens of occasions hollinger was victimised by its controlling shareholders as they transferred to themselves and their affiliates more than us dollars 400 million 22 m in the last seven years, according to the report
4			ibm	license	technology	server			ibm, intel open up their blades computer, chip maker will license much of the technology behind their compact servers for free. new york reuters international business machines corp.
1			politician	election	party	good	value	core			voting along party lines election time is an apt occasion for reflecting on what politicians refer to as your core values, and i hope to make that phrase meaningful for perhaps the first time. four years turns out to be a pretty good cycle for such examinations, even beyond the political realm.
2			cell	game			multiplayer games coming to cell phones as millions buy increasingly powerful cell phones, many companies are racing to develop video games to take advantage of the newfound portability.
4			technology	generation			iran reaches preliminary nuke deal with eu asked to freeze enrichment, iran says its atomic plants geared solely to electricity generation, but it will never give up its right to develop such technology entirely.
1			president	election			mozambique votes to elect successor to chissano mozambique used canoes and helicopters to ferry ballot papers to remote rural districts for wednesday's election to pick a successor to president joaquim chissano who spent 18 years in office.
2			game	patriot			cooling the jets: patriots claim afc bill belichick 's post game wave to his kids in the stands usually resembles that of a man on a street corner trying to hail a cab.
2			player			vegas style casinos invade china glittery las vegas style gambling has arrived in seedy macau, promising new charms for china 's inveterate players, and this former portuguese colony may never be the same.
1			talk			hotel talks show mixed progress the hotel business in washington has largely bounced back since sept. 11, 2001, argue some of the 3,800 hotel workers threatening a strike, but not for them.
2			auto	game	crime			the biggest game of the year i look at grand theft auto: san andreas, a new urban crime role playing game for the playstation 2, about the same way i might view gorgeous graffiti painted on my front door.
4			technology	price			infineon to admit dram price fixing update infineon technologies will plead guilty to taking part in an international dram price fixing conspiracy, which affected such companies as dell, hewlett packard and apple, the us department of justice announced wednesday.
3			retailer			kb toys may close opry mills location pittsfield, mass. based toy retailer kb toys inc., announced today it will close 141 to 238 under performing stores by jan. 31, 2005.
3			growth			idc raises '04 pc growth view, trims '05 shipments of personal computers this year will be higher than previously anticipated, boosted by the strongest demand from businesses in five years, research firm idc said on monday.
2			game	season			a really big game in most years, the big game has been so in tradition only, with die hard alums from stanford and cal seeing the contest as a chance to salvage so so seasons.
4			upgrade	vendor	storage			offers free data migration the vendor is offering free data migration to and siebel customers and a 1 gigabyte storage upgrade for paying customers.
4			collaboration	ibm	amd	technology			ibm, amd extend partnership to 32 nanometer technology ibm corp. and advanced micro devices inc. amd have tacked a three year extension onto their december 2002 collaboration agreement that could see the two companies work on chip making technologies based on a 32 nanometer process. the agreement was set to expire at the end of 2005, but now extends until dec. 31, 2008.
2			team	morning	race			hendrick team knows it 's more than just a race the sky was appropriately gloomy here this morning as nascar race teams came together for the first time since the crash of the hendrick motorsports plane that killed 10 people last sunday.
4			microsoft	tool	software	developer	graphic	application			microsoft previews vision of software factories the tools are aimed at giving developers succinct representations of various web applications, using detailed graphics that represent software components and helping developers to build better
4			user	enterprise	sale	mail	technology	application			peoplesoft, rim partner to deliver sales application research in motion rim , the company that first pushed e mail over wireless, is teaming up with peoplesoft to offer corporate users peoplesoft enterprise sales for blackberry, a sales application with similar push technology.
4			technology	generation			blu ray disc goes home we test this next generation dvd technology, and get mixed results.
2			coach			sprinters charged with dodging drug test greek sprinters kostas kenteris and katerina thanou and their coach were charged thursday with avoiding a drug test on the eve of the athens olympics and faking a motorcycle accident hours later.
1			leader	party	democrat	president	win			democratic party searches for leader again democrats may be experiencing a sense of deja vu as they again search for a leader in a crowded field of candidates with no clear favorite to win. a year ago, the hopefuls were vying for president. now, a new crop is running to lead the democratic national committee.
4			upgrade	chain	retailer	technology			hp picks up $ 55m 7 eleven contract hewlett packard said on friday that it has won a $ 55m, five year contract from retailer 7 eleven to upgrade the technology at the convenience store chain in the us.
1			party	gain	election			extremists gain in the formerly communist east germany 's mainstream political parties were sharply rebuffed yesterday when voters in two regional elections in formerly communist east germany handed extremists their best results in years.
2			coach	team			blackburn names hughes new coach blackburn named welsh national team coach mark hughes its new boss wednesday, effective immediately.
4			project			intel preparing for next 20 years of chip making intel drew the curtain friday on some of its future research projects to continue making transistors smaller, faster, and less power hungry out as far as 2020.
2			basketball	team	dream			dream team loses again, but still advances the u.s. men's basketball team endured another brutal loss...
1			tension	good	election	ally			wto oks sanctions vs. us in trade row the european union and its allies got the go ahead on tuesday to slap potentially heavy sanctions on us goods in a row that could stir trade tensions ahead of the us elections.
3			finance			brown defends economic record chancellor gordon brown has defended his stewardship of the economy, telling mps there is no 10 billion black hole in the public finances.
2			muslim	game			security overkill in athens means more empty seats it was splashed on the front page of greece 's mass circulation to vima, a left leaning daily newspaper: muslim blessing for the athens games.
3			good			us objections at wto delay inevitable tariffs a legalistic squabble yesterday delayed world trade organisation authorisation for sanctions against us goods, initially worth up to $ 150ma year, by the european union and six
4			platform	management			wavelink introduces all in one wi fi management in preparation for the coming tidal wave of wi fi enabled devices, wavelink on monday introduced wavelink managed security, an integrated platform for the management of ieee 802.11x networks, devices, and security.
4			system	software	feature	reader	adobe			semel: search for new yahoo! features yields adobe deal seek and ye shall find: yahoo! nasdaq: yhoo news people and adobe systems nasdaq: adbe news people have struck a deal to put web search capabilities into adobe 's acrobat reader software.
4			ibm	technology			update 1: jpmorgan to rehire outsourced workers jpmorgan chase co. says it will rehire 4,000 workers whose jobs it had outsourced to ibm, bucking a corporate trend in information technology.
2			use	general	technology	sport			gm, ford offering safer suvs general motors corp. and ford motor co. are expanding the use of anti rollover technology on their popular sport utility models, addressing a major safety risk for the vehicles.
1			president			ex viacom chief karmazin joining sirius satellite radio mel karmazin, the former president of media conglomerate viacom inc., is joining sirius satellite radio inc. as ceo, replacing joseph clayton, who is staying on as chairman, the company announced thursday.
4			system	source			sun says solaris 10 to be fully open source sun 's solaris operating system has a long and illustrious history. as the unix of choice for most companies with big iron, it 's widely considered to be one of the most reliable unix variants available.
4			hardware	broadband	retailer	holding			free net phone upstart sues vonage, fry 's internet phone service sipphone has charged vonage holdings and retailer fry 's electronics with false advertising for failing to adequately disclose limitations on hardware that allows phone calls to be placed over a broadband connection.
2			tournament	round	championship	mcdonald	shot	sport			unheralded mcdonald one up on favorite els in the alfred dunhill malelane, south africa sports network unheralded bruce mcdonald, a 23 year old from zimbabwe, posted a 6 under par 66 on thursday to take a one shot lead over tournament favorite ernie els after the opening round of the alfred dunhill championship.
2			champion	medal	game	sport			three more judges rule hamm gets gold medal sports highest court rejected an appeal from a south korean gymnast on thursday, ruling that hamm is the rightful champion in the men 's all around competition at the athens games.
3			good	export			eu to lift u.s. sanctions jan. 1 the european commission is sticking with its plan to lift sanctions on $ 4 billion worth of u.s. goods on jan. 1 following washington's repeal of illegal export tax subsidies in october, a spokeswoman said on thursday.
3			chain			the chocolate coffee conundrum if coffee chains used better chocolate, lawrence meyers argues, they'd sell more coffee.
4			user	processor	licensing	microsoft	software	server	core	price			microsoft users catch price break in what 's being called a shrewd licensing move, microsoft last week put its competitors on the defensive and avoided price increases for customers by announcing it would not charge extra fees for server software running on dual core, processor based
4			system			'secure flight' replaces capps ii the transportation security administration shifts responsibility for screening travelers from the airlines to the government. the new system, dubbed secure flight, seeks to target fewer people and to do so more accurately.
1			president			rare anti mubarak demo in cairo hundreds of egyptians defy a ban on public protests to call for an end to president hosni mubarak's 23 year rule.
1			politician			the gentle doctor of gah honest, sincere and a man of integrity the most common definition for the man whom many call an accidental politician .
2			team	win			balfour beatty wins work on largest mall balfour beatty staff are this month to begin work on the world 's biggest shopping centre in dubai after forming part of a team which has won the 400 million contract to construct the building.
2			title			malaysian woman reclaims scorpion queen title with new world ... kuala lumpur : a malaysian woman has overcome 17 scorpion bites to set a new world record by spending 36 days in a glass cage with 6,069 of the poisonous arachnids.
4			share	software	microsoft	code			microsoft to share office software code microsoft corp. said on sunday that it would share the underlying software code for its office program as part of its efforts to make governments more confident in the security and compatibility of the world's largest software maker's products.
4			microsoft	sharing	software	code	access	source			microsoft expands source code sharing microsoft corp. msft is expanding a program to give government organizations access to some of its tightly guarded software blueprints amid growing competition from rivals who make such source code freely available...
4			software	server			googles picasa hacked via security hole google's picasa hacked via security hole google's picasa was allegedgly hacked into over the weekend. zone h reports that picasa was victim to a security hole in its forum. picasa is a software for managing photos, the company has been acquired by google earlier this year. the server hosting the picasa web ...
4			technology	generation			huawei pushes into europe with 3g deal china 's largest telecoms equipment maker, huawei technologies, clinched its first european contract for a third generation mobile network yesterday, underlining its threat to bigger international rivals.
2			season			johnson probably out for season with broken cheekbone montreal expos first baseman nick johnson was placed on the 15 day disabled list saturday with a broken right cheekbone and is probably out for the rest of the season.
2			franchise	game	version			f zero climax playtest while nintendo 's home consoles tend to see only one or at most two versions of the company 's most famous franchises, game boy advance is different.
4			system	alternative	linux	source			uk report says linux is 'viable' a uk government study finds the open source linux operating system is a viable alternative to rival products.
4			technology			uk ; last rites sounded for life changing video format we are now entering the digital age and the new dvd technology available represents a step change in picture quality and convenience, said marketing director john mewett.
1			regime	crisis	opposition			ukraine enters third week of crisis with new deadlock ukraine entered its third week of political crisis with a new deadlock, as the opposition clashed with the ruling regime over changing the constitution ahead of a new runoff presidential vote ordered by the supreme court.
4			system			ford to offer sirius radio as an option in more cars ford plans to offer sirius satellite radio in more of its cars and trucks and that it will begin installing the systems at the factory.
2			play	game	wood	tiger			sorenstam 's putt sets up big pay day annika sorenstam calmly sank a short birdie putt on the ninth hole, earning a hug from tiger woods. her putt kept $ 250,000 in play in the skins game.
4			technology	development			intel builds new chips with 65 nanometer process technology the achievement extends intel 's effort to drive the development of new manufacturing process technology every two years, in accordance with moore 's law, intel said in a statement.
4			retailer	technology			google steals a page from amazon's book search google inc. on wednesday introduced a new search technology to help publishers sell books online, a fast growing market dominated by internet retailer
3			percent	share	profit	stock	sale	trading			update 1: food stocks mixed on campbell report shares of food makers were mixed in monday trading after campbell soup co., the world 's largest soupmaker, said its first quarter profit grew 9 percent on stronger sales of its popular condensed soups.
4			grid	platform	protection	ibm	win	technology	project	computing			ibm registers grid computing wins claiming grid technology continues to expand outside its traditional scientific and research markets, ibm on friday is announcing that several grid based commercial projects built on ibm platforms have been launched, including one at the u.s. environmental protection agency.
2			game			ill. gov. seeks violent video game ban gov. rod blagojevich is proposing to make it a misdemeanor for businesses to sell violent and sexually explicit video games to minors, a step that other states have tried with little success.
2			game			gaming godzillas prepare for battle let the games begin. not the olympics again, but the all out battle between japanese video game giants sony and nintendo over their new gaming consoles.
4			copyright	talk	technology	language	infringement			induce act talks sputter technology industry reps say they failed to reach consensus with the entertainment industry on language for the proposed induce act, which would make it illegal to encourage copyright infringement. by katie dean.
1			democrat	election	president	bush			fla. democrats hope for more cuban american votes democrats are pouncing on what they say is a slip in support for president bush among florida's cuban americans, who backed him overwhelmingly in 2000 and have been staunchly behind republicans in presidential elections.
4			software	microsoft	standard			sun pushes openoffice standard sun backs an eu standards push for interoperability between office software. microsoft says it's already there.
3			trading	share			australia: metcash proposes takeover offer for foodland wholesale grocer metcash trading has announced that it intends to make an off market takeover offer to acquire the entire issued share capital of australian supermarket group foodland associated.
4			sale	technology			infineon execs pleading guilty in us dram probe four sales executives of german chip maker infineon technologies ag quote, profile, research have agreed to plead guilty to participating in a conspiracy
2			game	top			top officials to assess preparations a delegation of top olympic officials arrived in beijing on wednesday with a clear message for its hosts: preparation is the key to successfully hosting the 2008 games.
3			retailer			raises another 20 million in funding online retailer has secured another 20 million in venture capital funding and could go public as soon as next year, chief executive officer george garrick said on friday.
4			general	system			update 2 ge to buy spx fire detection unit for $ 1.4 bln general electric co. ge.n: quote, profile, research on monday said it would buy a fire detection systems business from spx corp.
2			season	player	nhl	sport			nhl to lock out players thursday the nhl will lock out its players thursday, starting a work stoppage that threatens to keep the sport off the ice for the entire 2004 05 season.
2			league	playoff	team	baseball	sport			national league preview from the sports network barry bonds can equal two huge baseball milestones tonight. however, aside from personal achievements, the san francisco slugger is more focused on his team 's drive to the playoffs, and
1			minister	presidency	prime	crisis	opposition			ukraine's isolated pm repeats offer to opposition prime minister viktor yanukovich, looking increasingly isolated in ukraine's deepening political crisis, offered again on tuesday to make his opposition rival premier if allowed to take up the presidency.
4			system	ibm	linux	server	computing			ibm rolls out new linux server using power5 chip international business machines corp on sunday announced a new computer server using its power5 microprocessor tuned for the popular linux operating system, as the no. 1 computer maker aims to broaden the adoption of linux in broader corporate computing markets.
2			stadium	club			why micky adams quit leicester the surprise decision by micky adams to resign as leicester citys manager after two and a half years in charge of the club was explained by the man himself today during a press conference at the walkers stadium.
4			ship	server	development			macromedia launches flex builder macromedia this week will ship flex builder, which is designed to provide an interactive development environment for the companys flex presentation server.
4			technology	table			taiwan 's via joins 64 bit chip fray after watching nearly every other semiconductor manufacturer produce their x86 64 bit chips, via technologies has come to the table.
3			trading	stock			foodland gets offer for australian unit sydney metcash trading, australia 's biggest grocery wholesaler, said monday that it had offered 846 million australian dollars, or $ 660 million, in cash or stock for foodland associated 's australian business, to complete a nationwide distribution network.
4			design	software	application	roger			design and coding for the complete package wmw conf 7 design and coding for the complete package wmw conf 7 roger sooley from compstar was up first, his forum name is rogerd . he first goes into the question about building the software yourself or using a pre built software application. the first question you need to ask is is your business ...
4			platform	microsystems	java	upgrade	code			sun to drive mustang as future release of java fresh from introducing a major upgrade to the java platform, sun microsystems officials on thursday revealed some details of the next release of java, code named mustang and expected in spring 2006.
4			software	microsoft			microsoft grabs lead in handheld market microsoft has a firm grip on the handheld software market, winning the lead in shipments for the first time, a new report from gartner shows.
3			growth			idc raises '04 pc growth view, trims '05 shipments of personal computers this year will be higher than previously anticipated, boosted by the strongest demand from businesses in five years, research firm idc said on monday.
1			regime	leadership	country	party	president	britain			zimbabwe 's mugabe rules out regime change; slams britain zimbabwean president robert mugabe ruled out any regime change in this southern african country as his ruling zanu pf party held a congress to renew the party 's leadership.
1			party	president	attack			nigerian party chief slams president the head of nigeria's ruling party launched an unprecedented attack on president olusegun obasanjo in a letter published on saturday, warning him that his government was unpopular and heading for collapse.
4			developer	source			sun drafts open source blog developer the principal author of roller weblogger will gather support for the online journals inside and outside sun.
1			conflict			ex boeing executive admits guilt alexandria, virginia the revolving door between the pentagon and its biggest contractors was described in detail this week when the former chief financial officer of boeing pleaded guilty to a felony charge of conflict of interest.
1			leader	country	system	reform	president			one country, two systems model a barrier to democracy, speakers ... political reforms have been sacrificed in china as leaders in beijing trumpet their stability above all policy, president chen shui bian said in a statement yesterday.
4			application			another case for oraclesoft a blowout quarter is sullied by lower applications revenue, strengthening the case for a deal for peoplesoft.
1			crisis			buttiglione resigns to ease eu crisis rome: calling himself an innocent victim, italys rocco buttiglione withdrew as a candidate for the incoming european commission on saturday to help ease an unprecedented crisis for the executive.
4			platform	run	team	series	design	system	technology			nokia, pointsec team on mobile data security nokia has teamed with pointsec mobile technologies ab on encryption technology for smart phones based on the nokia series 60 and series 80 design platforms, which run on the symbian operating system.
2			sport			move over suv the even bigger cxt is coming it 's enough to bring tears to the eyes of anyone who thinks that cars are already too big, and that the world 's roads are being overrun by suvs sport utility vehicles.
4			software			oracle victorious in quest for peoplesoft business software giant oracle announced monday that it has signed a definitive agreement to acquire rival peoplesoft after sweetening its offer by 10 to approximately 10.3 billion.
4			generation	system	nvidia	technology	graphic			nvidia, sony unite for graphics chip sony computer entertainment scei and nvidia have announced that the companies have been collaborating on bringing advanced graphics and computer entertainment technology to scei 's next generation computer entertainment system.
2			trophy	champion	game	penalty			gators will respond strongly since the heisman trophy will be handed out and a new national champion or two crowned before you know it, please send in your questions promptly using the form below to avoid a delay of game penalty!
4			investor	software			kumar pleads not guilty fraud allegations: world news new york, sep 24, : sanjay kumar, former ceo of new york based software giant computer associates, has pleaded not guilty to charges of defrauding investors by fudging records.
4			upgrade			moto touts ptt upgrade motorola, inc. nyse: mot message board today announced that it has entered into an agreement with nextel communications inc.
2			basketball	player	football	play			greg paulus named gatorade national player of the year despite heading to duke to play basketball, greg paulus of christian brothers academy is the 2004 gatorade national football player of the year.
2			movie	game			half life 2 's real battle if the video game industry is beginning to rake in revenue that rivals the movie industry, it 's also beginning to accumulate hollywood like headaches.
1			parliament	cabinet			russian cabinet approves kyoto protocol the russian cabinet on thursday approved the ratification of the kyoto protocol, a step that may bring the global warming treaty into force after parliament endorsement.
4			user	alternative	source			objectssearch offers open source search results objectssearch offers open source search results aiming to provide users with unbiased website ranking, has launched an open source search engine based on 's search. objectssearch looks to solve problems related to search result manipulation and information overload. objectssearch claims that their open source approach provides an alternative to commercial ...
1			president			gateway pcs available at micro center stores gateway 's newly established relationship with micro center is a very exciting one, said bob davidson, senior vice president of retail at gateway.
3			sale			digital music a long way from displacing cds it 's going to be a long time before digital music downloads challenge cd sales, even in the online world. that 's the conclusion of a report by market watcher informa media group img , published this week.
2			coach	football			crowton out as brigham young coach embattled byu coach gary crowton will be relieved of his coaching duties wednesday, the salt lake tribune is reporting. byu administrators have called a noon news conference to address the state of the football
2			hockey	coach	team			finland fires national hockey coach raimo summanen, who signed a three year deal through 2006 to coach finland 's national hockey team, has been relieved of his duties.
3			enterprise	share			us firm regains tv nova it has been a long and acrimonious road back, but six years after being forced out as owners of the first commercial television station in the czech republic, central european media enterprises is back, spending $ 642m 334m in cash and shares for a
2			match	country	win			france wins 1st cycling gold at athens olympics france won the first cycling gold in the last day cycling match at the athens olympics on saturday as olympic debutant julien absalon clocked 2:15:02 in the mountain bike cross country.
2			minute	game			at end, nuggets golden are these guys ever going to have a game that doesn 't come down to the last possession? it seems that, if nothing else, the celtics give you 48 minutes worth.
4			park	project	developer			phase 1 for a city within a city two modern residential buildings with moderately priced condominiums and an elongated 5 acre park will be built as the first phase of the large northpoint project in east cambridge, the developers said yesterday.
1			ally	country	presidency	president	win			ethiopia ally wins somali presidency official ethiopian backed warlord abdullahi yusuf was elected somali president by lawmakers on sunday, officials said, in the 14th attempt in a decade to restore government to the lawless african country.
2			cricket	captain	player	england	sport			former greats lament tv deal two former england captains today bemoaned the loss of cricket to britains living rooms, claiming the sports new television deal had turned its back on thousands of potential future players.
4			silicon	development			breakthrough promises hotter, tougher, faster chips developments in silicon carbide wafers may lead to a new world of fast, robust electronics.
2			play	player	game	team			john madden i think we are going to see two chippy teams and the start of the game in particular may be a little different, both teams want their players to come out and be passionate, fired up and ready to play and i think maybe we will see both teams come out just
4			linux	software			palmsource buys into china, linux com december 8, 2004, 7:53 am pt. palmsource, which makes software for mobile devices, said wednesday that it has agreed to acquire china mobilesoft in a deal expected to expand the
2			champion			gold medalist phelps faces dwi charges six time olympic champion michael phelps was arrested last week and charged with drunken driving.
4			software			cognos offers $ 52m for swedish firm business software firm cognos inc. is offering $ 52.2 million us for frango, a stockholm based company specializing in financial reporting.
1			election			hong kong: hk press says people still want full democracy the record turnout in hong kong 's legislative council elections shows that the territory wants full democracy, newspapers said on tuesday.
2			player			sony makes progress towards smaller blu ray dvd players sony corp. and blue laser diode maker nichia corp. have developed a component that they say is vital to realizing support for blu ray disc and dvd discs in portable devices, they announced on tuesday.
1			president			france shows off tallest bridge the world's tallest bridge, higher even than the eiffel tower, is being inaugurated by the french president.
1			election	party	victory	win	opposition			opposition party heads for win in lithuanian election an opposition party led by an ethnic russian businessman appears headed for victory in sunday 's lithuanian parliamentary election.
4			run	system	linux	technology	code			solaris security suffers image problem a highly critical security hole has been reported in the x pixmap libxpm technology shipped with solaris and jds for linux, which could allow someone to run code on your system if a modified x pixmmap .xpm image is loaded.
2			soccer	team	club	season	coach			schalke coach heynckes sacked schalke 04 coach jupp heynckes became the first casualty of the bundesliga season as he was sacked by the german first division soccer club on wednesday after leading his team to a dismal start for the new season.
3			investment			ford to build new plant in oakville: report ford motor co. is reported to be on the verge of announcing a $ 1 billion investment at its plant in oakville, ont. the company has decided to build a flexible manufacturing plant at the site, the toronto star reported friday.
2			night	good	athletics	sport			old is gold and twice as good it is impossible to achieve greatness in sport without being measured against history. on saturday, the last night of athletics in the 2004 olympics, a man and a woman, a king and a queen of the track, ran into history.
2			football	team	coach	player	expense			beckenbauer warns about youth vs experience former german football great franz beckenbauer has warned national team coach juergen klinsmann against fielding too many young players at the expense of experience.
4			system	high	switch			cisco to sell routers with fujitsu cisco systems inc. , the largest maker of gear to direct internet traffic, said on sunday japanese computer and electronics provider fujitsu ltd. will sell cisco's high end routers and switches in japan.
4			science			cable television a la carte s outheast portland resident jerry lindquist enjoys watching automotive programs, educational channels and tv shows on popular science.
4			crime	technology	price			banks pay price for money laundering the fight against money laundering is costing banks and other financial institutions dear as they invest heavily in technology to combat crime, according to a survey by kpmg.
1			party	nation	election			bolivians vote in municipal elections bolivians voted sunday in municipal elections that polls predicted would see indigenous and peasant organizations gaining ground on the traditional political parties that have long dominated the nation.
4			use	cell	technology	fuel			shell executive:hydrogen fuel station in dc is just the start the hydrogen fuel station for fuel cell vehicles that opened wednesday in washington, dc, is intended to bring the technology to the attention of lawmakers and show its usefulness and safety for retail use, said jeremy bentham, chief executive
2			reserve	hockey	good	season	player	game			clutch players need not apply what looks good on paper hasn't been tested through a season yet, so bruce crowder said he'll reserve judgment. he wasn't talking about rosters; he was talking about a commitment from college hockey authorities to rid the game of all the clutching and grabbing, the pinning, and tugging.
2			game	sale			nintendo sells 500,000 ds handhelds in first week nintendo co. ltd. quote, profile, research sold 500,000 nintendo ds video game devices during the first week of sales in us stores for the new handheld featuring two screens
1			democrat	president			senate approves goss as head of cia the republican led senate approved president bush's choice to head the cia, rep. porter goss, over protests from some democrats who said he has too many republican ties for a job that requires independence.
1			opposition			orange makes fashion, political statements in kiev orange scarves, suspenders, turtlenecks, sunglasses, even diapers. viktor yushchenko's supporters have flooded the streets of the ukrainian capital sporting the opposition candidate's color. it's a fashion statement with a political message.
1			president	election			ukrainians vote in knife edge presidential election ukrainians voted for a new president in a bitterly fought runoff election that will determine whether this strategic former soviet republic turns toward europe or remains in moscow's orbit.
2			movie	game	nation			blockbuster dumping late fees cbs ap blockbuster inc., plans to eliminate late fees on games and movies as of jan. 1. but there is plenty of fine print, which suggests that the nation 's biggest movie rental company is still struggling
4			development			shopping search update 2004, part 1 here's a look at new and interesting developments at the major shopping search and comparision sites during 2004. today: bizrate shopzilla, froogle, and msn shopping.
4			system	ibm	application	enterprise			ibm, cisco expand security alliance covering enterprise networks ibm and cisco systems are broadening their security alliance to offer new automatic security applications for enterprise networks.
2			champion			kederis awaits drugs charges kostas kederis, greece 's disgraced former olympic champion, has said he is confident he will clear his name in court if authorities in athens decide to charge him with deliberately avoiding a drugs test.
2			game			ring tones, phone games to rake it in revenue from wireless data services could reach $ 189 billion in 2009, according to a new report.
2			play	game	team			all girl swedish team tackles video gaming at first glance, les seules might look like an all girl rock band complete with sassy attitudes and fawning male groupies but the swedish septuplet doesn't play instruments. they play competitive video games.
4			design	padre			snow, giants tip padres barry bonds had better watch out. jt snow seems to have designs on the slugger 's spot in the san francisco giants lineup.
4			technology	storage			news: pda security still dismal worker apathy about pda security is putting corporate data in jeopardy. the storage of the names and addresses of corporate customers on pdas is now common but security practices are struggling to keep up with technology usage.
2			coach			greeks under fire for drug policing on the day the world track federation iaaf opened an investigation into alleged drug violations by two greek sprinters and their coach, iaaf doping commission chairman arne ljungqvist said the organization had long been unhappy with greece's approach to anti doping rules.
1			alexander	president	election			belarusian chief sees vote as mandate belarus president alexander lukashenko, 50, is seen during a news conference in minsk, monday, oct. 18, 2004. according to the central elections commission a preliminary tally of ballots from sunday 's election
2			championship	soccer	team	coach	fan			scotland coach vogts quits, citing fans glasgow, scotland nov 1, 2004 berti vogts resigned as coach of scotland 's national soccer team monday, citing rude fans. vogts, a german, held the job for 2 1 2 years, going 9 16 7 and failing to qualify for this year 's european championship.
4			server	application	enterprise			sybase uncorks unwired enterprise sybase this week is releasing the first two products in its unwired enterprise initiative, which aims to help solution providers make enterprise applications mobile by integrating sybase middleware and mobile server products from its ianywhere subsidiary.
3			trading			apple itunes 'overcharging in uk' the office of fair trading refers apple's itunes service to the european commission on the grounds that it over charges uk customers.
2			cup	final	race			craven is riding a wave of emotion ricky craven of newburgh, maine, is driving his final race in the no. 32 tide chevrolet in tomorrow's sylvania 300 nascar nextel cup race at new hampshire international speedway.
2			season			raiders finally sign woodson oakland cornerback charles woodson finally ended a lengthy holdout tuesday and signed the raiders' one year tender. the deal is reportedly worth $ 8.782 million for the upcoming season.
4			system	management	version			back to basics to save bank john stewart, michael ullmer and ahmed fahour have devised a simple plan to restore the fortunes of national australia bank they are returning to an updated version of the management systems used by former chief executive don argus in the first half of
4			platform	tool	development	ship	application			macromedia ships flex development tool macromedia monday shipped flex builder, an integrated development environment ide for web applications built on the company 's xml based flex application platform.
4			database	enterprise	system	management	linux	version			sybase offers free linux database sybase is offering a free version of its leading enterprise database management system for linux.
1			general	president	election			chissano coming out going mozambican president joachim chissano is expected to arrive in gaborone today to bid fare well to president festus mogae before he leaves office after the december 1 to 2 general election.
3			value			treo 650 pre order opens on sprint network if you are a current palmone customer, you are eligible to a exclusive offer on our new treo 650 smartphone. pre order yours today with or without a sprint service plan and you ll receive a free bluetooth headset with your order $ 99 value .
2			score	tour	victory	win	cup	game			germany score easy win over japan yokohama: germany started their three game asia tour with a 3 0 victory in japan yesterday to shake off some recent world cup ghosts.
3			chain			zara chain takes fur off shelves inditex, the spanish fashion group which owns zara and massimo dutti, agrees to ditch fur just days before widespread demonstrations.
2			movie	high	race	sport			thoroughbreds ride high thoroughbred race horses are riding high as purse money grows along with television audiences for the sport made even more popular by hollywood movies such as seabiscuit.
2			goal	round	final	score	cup	match	sport			boyz bid fails sport. the us 's eddie johnson centre scores a goal past jamaica 's goalie donovan ricketts 30 during the first half of their world cup semi final round qualifying match
3			earnings			aig settles u.s. fraud charges for $ 126 mln american international group inc. agreed to pay $ 126 million and appoint an independent monitor to settle allegations it helped two companies fraudulently inflate earnings, u.s. authorities said on tuesday.
4			player	software	management	version			new realplayer software manages media from different stores ... harmony, which is incorporated in version 10.5 and will also be in the next version of the realrhapsody music service , allows the player to manage digital rights management drm protected
4			content			partners with industrybrains for sponsored links partners with industrybrains for sponsored links industrybrains, which focuses on site specific contextual pay per click advertising programs, announced that it has partnered with entrepreneur media, inc. to provide its content targeted sponsored links on and , two of the most respected online resources for business owners and partners. industrybrains will provide its ...
4			cooperation	technology	generation			toshiba to fab xilinx fpgas marking what the companies believe is the beginning of continued cooperation in next generation manufacturing technology, toshiba corp.
2			nfl	football	score	play	fan	high	sport			'madden,' 'espn' football score in different ways was absenteeism a little high on tuesday among the guys at the office? ea sports would like to think it was because madden nfl 2005 came out that day, and some fans of the football simulation are rabid enough to take a sick day to play it.
4			ipod	trick	technology			scott knaster releases new book, hacking ipod itunes scott knaster, author of 11 books about computers and technology, has released his newest book, hacking ipod itunes. the book explores tips and tricks relating
1			party			french party's 'yes to eu treaty' france's socialist party votes yes in an internal vote on the european constitution, party officials say.
3			pharmaceutical	chain	share			api in $ 112m pharmacy deal priceline has been sold to australian pharmaceutical industries for $ 112 million in cash and shares just six months after the health and beauty care chain was bought by local managers from its south african parent.
4			hardware	microsoft	enterprise	system	server	high			nec announces fault tolerant four way server nec solutions has announced a four way, high availability server it 's pitching to enterprises as, among other things, the hardware to host virtual systems such as those made possible by microsoft 's upcoming virtual server 2005.
3			management			blackrock gets a piece of met in the asset management industry, the corporate structures can get confusing and the numbers huge. blackrock nyse: blk , for example, is a large asset management firm with $ 314 billion under management.
2			player	fan			emlyn hughes known to players and fans as crazy horse, emlyn hughes was one of the most talented footballers of the 1970s, and almost certainly the most enthusiastic.
3			holding			black steps down as hollinger ceo montreal: media tycoon conrad black resigned as chairman and ceo of hollinger, the canadian holding company for the media empire he built, a company statement said.
2			hall	game	redskin			redskins sign kicker for bears game the washington redskins signed ola kimrin on saturday to replace injured kicker john hall.
2			team	dame	football	championship			notre dame loses footing upon a shifting landscape a plaque commemorating notre dame 's 1946 national championship football team caught lineman bobby morton 's eye earlier this week at the university 's football facility.
2			jersey	cavalier	game			cavs' traylor out with broken finger cavaliers forward robert traylor will miss three to four weeks after breaking his left pinkie during a game against the new jersey nets.
1			minister			saudi urges arab media to combat 'improper ideas' saudi arabia's interior minister appealed to regional news media saturday to help combat improper ideas that lead young people to support extremist movements.
2			hit	game			quest for holy grail of game controllers the quest for a wireless, robust video game controller is a hit and miss task.
3			chain	sale	earnings			clear channel radio ad revenue slips clear channel communications inc. , the largest u.s. radio station chain, on friday posted higher operating earnings although radio advertising revenue slipped on weak sales to its automotive and telecommunications customers.
3			good	project			pew study: blogs busted out in 2004 for blogs and bloggers, 2004 was a good year, according to data released from the pew internet american life project.
4			use	standard			group cites electronic voting problems the record use of electronic voting machines on nov. 2 led to hundreds of voting irregularities and shows the need for higher standards, a voting rights group said thursday.
1			uncertainty	president			ceo exit and doj decision continue peoplesoft uncertainty on 1 october 2004, peoplesoft 's board of directors terminated conway as president and ceo, citing a loss of confidence in his ability to lead the company.
4			server			dell sharpens its blade offering dell inc launched its new compact poweredge 1855 blade server, 10 of which can fit into a 7u chassis to provide 43 more performance per sq foot and up to 62 more servers than dell 1u servers in a 42u rack.
3			investor	stock			wall street slogs though tepid, short session stocks finished mixed friday in a shortened session. the major indicators ended the week higher as investors looked forward to the results of the first weekend of holiday shopping and a jobs report next week.
1			leader	hit	country	election			australian campaign gets underway australia 's political leaders have hit the hustings with a blitz of the airwaves to set the tone for the country 's longest election campaign in 20 years who do voters trust?
2			team			villeneuve to test drive for renault canada 's jacques villeneuve is getting back into a formula one driver 's seat. f1 team renault announced that villeneuve will test drive at silverstone this week.
1			party	president			mugabe urges ruling party unity zimbabwean president robert mugabe has called for unity in his ruling party amid deep splits and jostling over the succession of power.
4			system			secure flight program moves to test phase the transportation security administration last week moved forward with plans to test its new secure flight passenger screening system.
2			sport			the political implications of the jaguar decision the ford motor company 's decision to quit formula 1 and sell its f1 related operations is a setback for the whole sport. it paints f1 in a negative light: formula 1, richard parry jones said, was too expensive and was too slow to change.
3			sale			time warner to pay $ 210 mln to resolve justice department probe time warner inc., the world 's biggest media company, agreed to pay $ 210 million to settle a us justice department probe into whether its america online unit improperly booked advertising sales.
4			tool	system	software	management	server	veritas	application	storage			veritas puts finishing touches on i3 as promised, veritas has prepped a new release of its i3 management software that will tie into existing applications and give customers sophisticated tools for checking on the performance of server and storage systems.
1			election			fernando poe jr. dies; filipino film star, presidential hopeful fernando poe jr., 65, the filipino action film star and presidential candidate who refused to concede may 's election, died just after midnight dec. 12 us time at a hospital in quezon city after a stroke.
2			play			little man robinson plays big for huskies the smallest man on the court always seems to make the biggest plays for the washington huskies.
4			space	system			cisco moving to clarify linksys role cisco systems $ 2 billion push into the smb space is forcing it to re evaluate the role it has assigned its upstart linksys division.
3			general	sale			jos. a. bank settles probe of sales ads men 's apparel seller jos. a. bank clothiers inc. has agreed to pay $ 475,000 to settle an investigation by new york attorney general eliot l. spitzer, who accused the company of using deceptive
4			system	technology	institute			it 's not just a cellphone, it 's an advisor students at the massachusetts institute of technology are testing a cellphone system that turns your ordinary phone into a true companion advisor.
4			system	linux	software	server	use	relation			windows vs linux : web hosting windows vs linux : web hosting the basics of linux windows : linux and its close relation unix and windows 2000 and its close cousin windows nt are types of software known as operating systems that web servers use to do the kind of things that web servers do. you ...
4			upgrade	infrastructure	generation			sprint unveils $ 3bn plan to roll out 3g sprint, the third largest us mobile phone network operator, has announced details of its plan to spend $ 3bn over the next three years to upgrade its network infrastructure and roll out third generation services.
4			software	spyware			ftc sues alleged spyware distributors companies are accused of infecting pcs, and then selling spyware blocking software.
3			profit	top	earnings	outlook	sale			kellogg quarterly earnings top estimates kellogg co. , the world's largest cereal maker, on monday reported a quarterly profit that exceeded wall street estimates and raised its full year earnings outlook, helped by strong sales of new products.
2			basketball	championship	season	coach	game			waters rewarded with two year extension after winning 20 games in a season for the first time in 21 years and reaching the nit championship game, rutgers rewarded men 's basketball coach gary waters with a two year extension.
4			platform	app	ibm	server	high	application	version			ibm beefs up websphere app server platform ibm corp. wednesday announced a new version of its websphere application server platform, citing enhancements such as high availability, new capabilities for building service oriented architectures soa , and
4			atlanta	technology			entrepreneur thinks disposable dvd technology a keeper to some consumers, the self destructing dvd sounds like a device out of mission: impossible. to atlanta entrepreneur jeffrey arnold, it sounds like money.
4			cell			coming soon: mobile tv cell phone manufacturers are teaming up to bring mobile television to your handset.
4			design	game	developer			handheld gaming goes wireless after flocking to design games for the nintendo ds, developers are eager to exploit the device's wireless capabilities. first up are local network multiplayer games; in the pipeline is wireless gameplay over the net. by daniel terdiman.
3			growth	sale	price			samsung sees chip sales slowing samsung says a glut of semiconductors on the market will bring prices down and slow growth in 2005.
4			standard			law fights to keep pace with tech federal and industry experts grapple with how to apply calea wiretap standards to something that lawmakers didn't anticipate 10 years ago voice over ip. michael grebb reports from washington.
4			design	developer			when it comes to windows, todays developers are open minded after decades of constructing hermetically sealed buildings, developers are incorporating a new amenity into their designs: windows that open.
1			country	opposition			pele: brazilians should strike brazilian legend pele has suggested that footballers in his native country should go on strike in opposition to late payments and other issues.
4			system	linux			linux to ring up $ 35 billion by 2008 for a theoretically free operating system, linux is and will continue to be a cash cow, a research firm said wednesday as it predicted the os will bring in more than $ 35 billion in revenues by 2008.
2			cricket	award	sport			espn star sports challenge india cricket rights walt disney co. and news corp. are to challenge in court the conditional award of indian cricket tv rights to local media firm zee telefilms ltd., their espn star sports joint venture said on tuesday.
4			software	sharing	microsoft	code			microsoft prepares for the worst in europe case luxembourg facing the prospect of its most serious legal setback ever, microsoft is quietly making plans to radically alter the way it does business in europe, including sharing confidential software code with competitors and selling windows without its
1			party			paisley says it 's now or never for ira after no 10 meeting ian paisley warned the ira today that it was now or never for republicans if they wanted to conclude a deal on powersharing with his democratic unionist party.
4			system	server			dell takes aim at blade server market in a long awaited move, dell has finally re entered the blade server market with the release of the dell poweredge 1855 server system.
4			software			anti fraud alliance formed to fight id theft, phishing schemes five online security software and service providers have formed an alliance to help e commerce and financial services companies fight online fraud.
4			software	version			six apart releases movable type 3.1 six apart released a new version of its popular blogging software only three months after movable type 3.0.
3			growth			ginseng paradox explained study finds ginseng both promotes, limits blood vessel growth healthdaynews an international study is the first to explain how ginseng can both promote the growth of blood vessels and also limit blood vessel growth. these dual effects can be important...
2			league	steroid	talk	baseball	use	player	sport			don 't look back o major league baseball commissioner bud selig says his sport must get serious about steroid use. and now the players union says it 's ready to talk about a testing plan.
4			software	source			google gaps leave search susceptible while google has risen in prominence and popularity, the details of its search software, even though it is open source, are largely unknown to outsiders.
4			software			oracle extends offer for peoplesoft p p p san francisco reuters business software maker oracle corp. orcl.o said on thursday it extended again its $ 7.7 billion hostile tender offer for peoplesoft inc. psft.o , to sept. 10, as it awaits a u.s. district court judge's ruling on whether the takeover attempt can move forward. p
4			science	software	technology	application	source			saic said near deal to sell telcordia science applications international inc. on wednesday neared an agreement to sell its telecommunications software company, telcordia technologies inc., to two private equity firms for 1.35 billion, according to sources familiar with the matter.
2			nfl	football	score	play	fan	high	sport			'madden,' 'espn' football score in different ways was absenteeism a little high on tuesday among the guys at the office? ea sports would like to think it was because madden nfl 2005 came out that day, and some fans of the football simulation are rabid enough to take a sick day to play it.
3			growth			protected status sought for calif. owl environmentalists asked the u.s. fish and wildlife service on wednesday to grant protected status to the california spotted owl, claiming the bird's old growth forest habitat is threatened by logging.
4			software	microsoft	flaw			microsoft probing reported flaws in windows xp sp2 microsoft is downplaying claims that several new vulnerabilities in windows xp sp2 were discovered by finjan software, but it is looking into the claims anyway.
4			system	ibm	software	vendor	feature			ibm announces eserver i5 550 the eserver i5 550 comes with a feature called the solution edition, which is apparently available with certain independent software vendors. the eserver i5, allegedly, has new ways to handle and optimise multiple operating system sthrough the ...
1			politics	suicide			cancer? suicide? politics? that's hilarious! as much as ever, george carlin builds his humor around the taboo his current routine includes long riffs on cancer, natural disasters and teenage suicide and yet somehow manages to get laughs.
2			van	fall	system	game	sport			stop that blame game adam van koeverden has a message for his fellow canadian athletes quit whining about circumstances you can 't control. you can 't fall into a corner and cry and say the canadian sports system has let me down. you have to do things for ...
2			team			keep your nose out of it, lowe harry redknapp has warned southampton chairman rupert lowe to keep his nose out of team affairs. lowe has gained a reputation for offering advice to his managers, and appears regularly on the
3			good	profit			update 4: daimlerchrysler posts $ 1.27b net profit automaking giant daimlerchrysler ag said thursday it earned 951 million euros $ 1.18 billion in the third quarter on good performances from its financial services division and its us chrysler arm, rebounding from a 1.7 billion euro loss a year ago when
2			title	team	race	win	sport			in the fast lane: busch wins nascar title kurt busch got his first big break in nascar by winning a 1999 talent audition nicknamed the gong show. he was selected from dozens of unknown, young race drivers to work for one of the sport 's most famous team owners, jack roush.
4			user	system	boston	technology	server	beta			startup takes new approach to server virtualization a little known, boston area startup is beta testing technology designed to let users quickly configure virtual multiprocessor systems out of inexpensive pc machines. called katana technology, the 30 person company has not yet revealed details of its upcoming product, but appears to have developed a novel approach to consolidating data center resources.
4			player	technology			podcasts: new twist on net audio a technology that delivers internet audio programs directly to ipods and other mp3 players, podcasting is gaining a following among people who can't listen to their favorite shows when they're live. by daniel terdiman.
1			parliament	talk	finance			tax talk not on brown 's lips chancellor of the exchequer gordon brown has told parliament he is meeting his fiscal rules but analysts say he is cutting it too close with public finances to call his approach prudent.
2			team	football	club			adams quits as foxes boss he walked out on the foxes despite the club 's efforts to persuade him to stay. director of football dave bassett has been placed in temporary charge of team affairs while the club consider their next move.
4			microsoft	system	software	patch	flaw			microsoft issues patches for seven software flaws microsoft has warned of seven newly found flaws in its software that could allow an attacker to steal data and take over a personal computer running the windows operating system.
4			system	sale	networking	core	version			cisco sees momentum in crs 1 sales executives at networking giant cisco systems say the company 's new crs 1 core internet router is ahead of revenue targets, just as the company announced on sunday a smaller version of the product.
4			generation			flying cars swoop to the rescue as motorways become more and more clogged up with traffic, a new generation of flying cars will be needed to ferry people along skyways.
3			percent	enterprise			cox to take unit private in cash deal media company cox enterprises inc. said tuesday it will take cable operator cox communications inc. private, agreeing to purchase the 38 percent stake in the company that it doesn 't already own for $ 34.
4			speed			wireless net to get speed boost wireless computer networks could soon be running 10 times faster than they do now.
4			card	royal	system	management	feature	integration			in brief: netsuite integrates with worldpay to boost e commerce netsuite has unveiled the availability of multicurrency credit card processing for its e commerce customers. the new feature was made possible by integration, announced this week, between netsuite and worldpay, which is part of the royal bank of scotland group. netsuite's e commerce capability enables companies to transact business on the web while automatically linking into internal customer relationship management, financial, and warehouse systems. with the new multicurrency credit card processing feature, netsuite e commerce customers can now accept credit card payments in 120 currencies and receive settlement in 14 currencies. more information about netsuite e commerce is available at
2			game			canadian tutu man gets five months for olympic plunge a tutu clad canadian who jumped into the olympic diving pool after a competition was convicted wednesday of interrupting the games and sentenced to five months in jail. he was released pending an appeal.
3			share			rip. sample. mash. share. it wasn't so long ago that apple computer encouraged us all to rip. mix. burn.
2			player			go ahead, toss out your vcr don 't you think it 's time to retire that vcr? you probably have a dvd player or two, so you already know videocassettes are fast becoming obsolete.
4			user	software	technology			wholesecurity takes phish blocking to browser wholesecurity inc has released technology that the firm says can be used to block web users from inadvertently accessing phishing web sites. the company has signed ebay inc as a flagship customer, and has the software on millions of desktops.
4			tool	software	ibm	management	application	project			ibm buys into project management ibm sought to beef up its software tools portfolio on tuesday, announcing plans to acquire systemcorp, a privately held maker of project management applications.
2			depot	league	united	title	championship	soccer	run	triumph	victory	wizard	season	cup	game	sport			soccer: d.c. united take mls title over kansas city sports network d.c. united completed its return to glory sunday, winning its fourth major league soccer championship in nine seasons with a wildly entertaining 3 2 victory against the kansas city wizards at the home depot center in carson, calif. united's triumph in mls cup 2004 before 25,797 at the home depot center was its first since 1999, when it capped a run of appearances in the first four mls title games with a then third championship.
2			game			napster 's shawn fanning back with new music service napster founder shawn fanning is back in the music downloading game, this time with a legal service that has the blessing of at least some significant members of the music industry.
4			lab	silicon	researcher			tenn. lab develops electron microscope oak ridge national laboratory researchers are peering into the atomic world with record clarity, developing an electron microscope image that can distinguish the individual, dumbbell shaped atoms of a silicon crystal.
3			investor	sale	stock			investors pull out of homebuilder stocks investors pulled out of homebuilder stocks on wednesday after a pair of economic reports on the pace of home sales indicated the once hot market might be cooling.
4			worry	technology			the cost of safe commerce its never too soon to worry. and when it comes to rfid and its related technologies, you might want to start now. between private sector and government mandates, both large and midtier companies can count on being required to have what some call edge to edge visibility for any shipped product in the near future.
2			player			defense deservedly proud of its contribution florida state players are rapidly learning than an excellent defense can cover up a multitude of mistakes. the seminoles received yet another strong performance from their
4			measure	mail	technology			briefly: sap taps search technology roundup plus: appeals court to rehear e mail snoop case...macromedia giving away flex...t mobile adds security measure to hot spots.
4			priority	card	hardware			ad campaign touts multimedia cards com september 22, 2004, 5:04 pm pt. with the economy slowly turning up, upgrading hardware has been on businesses radar in the past 12 months as their number two priority.
4			software			peoplesoft may mull oracle bid a director of business software maker peoplesoft says the firm may be ready to negotiate with its would be buyer, oracle.
3			housing	enterprise	profit	sale			fleetwood 1q profit sharply higher fleetwood enterprises inc., a maker of recreational vehicles and manufactured homes, said tuesday that first quarter profits rose sharply due to strong sales in its motor homes and housing segments.
4			user			how's my coding? dial: 0800 666 700 cash'n'carrion user feedback from technodepot
4			technology	price			infineon execs face jail in dram case four executives from infineon technologies have pleaded guilty to price fixing in the dram industry, according to the us department of justice.
2			game			montana blows out defenseless wildcats in a game in which something had to give, new hampshire's defense gave the most.
2			ryder	cup	match	sport			thursday at the ryder cup bloomfield hills, mi sports network no matter what you did on thursday, i ve got you topped. i attended the opening ceremonies for the 35th ryder cup matches and what a show this was, but a different one from years past.
3			profit	earnings	good	sale	retailer	saint	second			gucci earnings surge as ysl cuts losses luxury goods maker gucci saw operating profit more than double in the second quarter thanks to higher sales and lower losses from its yves saint laurent brand, its owner french retailer pinault printemps redoute says.
2			club			a quiet struggle for the conservationist vote the fight for the support of conservationists, hunters and anglers is being waged from the pages of field and stream magazine to the strategy sessions of the sierra club.
4			cell	military	software			military headset reaches masses sick of screaming to be heard over your cell phone in noisy places? a software firm claims its new headset, based on noise reduction research it conducted for the u.s. military, will virtually eliminate background noise disruptions. by elisa batista.
2			sport			i want my blinkx tv! television search engine i want my blinkx tv! television search engine blinkx today announced the availability of blinkx tv, the first search engine that allows you to search tv across news, sports and entertainment programming. blinkx is the first search engine to make such tv programs fully searchable on demand. because blinkx captures and ...
4			technology			hypertransport consortium approves htx expansion spec the hypertransport technology consortium today announced the first hypertransport technology expansion connector specification. the new eatx motherboard daughtercard
4			shareholder	software			peoplesoft rejects new oracle bid software company peoplesoft has formally rejected a takeover bid from rival oracle for a sixth time. the rejection came after about 61 of shareholders in the california based business software firm backed oracle 's $ 9.2bn 4.9bn approach.
4			science			can prayers heal? critics say studies go past science's reach the government has spent $ 2.3 million in the past 4 years to study something that critics say has nothing to do with science.
2			team			webcam images go mobile on sprint the wireless carrier teams up with earthcam to stream video from personal and public webcams to camera phones.
4			user	software	suite	version			mcafee unveils 2005 security suite security software maker has released updated versions of its offerings for home computer users.
2			play	user	game			jfk reloaded game causes controversy game invites users to play the role of jfk's assassin, causing some observers to wonder whether video games have gone too far.
4			ibm	hardware			ibm reportedly set to sell its personal computer business big blue might be ready to lose another key link to its hardware legacy.
2			championship	football	series	game	bowl			abc breaks off negotiations with bcs abc has pulled its contract offer to the bowl championship series, a move that could result in three of college football 's biggest games moving to another network.
4			platform	microsoft	server			microsoft extends sql server intelligence microsoft has extended the reach of its business data platform, demonstrating new business intelligence capabilities for sql server 2000 and sql server 2005.
3			earnings	expense	stock			new rule: firms must expense options companies must start expensing employee stock options in earnings statements next year, us accounting rule makers declared on thursday, a move that could signal the end of a long standing bookkeeping practice that many argued allowed
1			election	development			a look at voting problems, election issues many states are facing legal challenges over possible voting problems nov. 2. a look at some of the developments tuesday and wednesday:
4			user	energy	infrastructure			hp to manage it for finnish energy giant finnish energy giant fortum corp. has signed a five year agreement with hewlett packard co. hp to manage its it infrastructure and support about 10,000 users across europe.
2			game			photo 6 of 8: global gamers clash for cash $ 2.5 million in prize money is on the line as gamers from uzbekistan to ecuador compete in the world cyber games.
4			platform	microsoft	linux	software	source			microsoft exec takes aim at open source new platform chief, ashim pal, says software giant has been on the defensive against linux and other rivals.
2			medal	game	race	second			phelps pushes gold medal haul to three with the quest to surpass mark spitz out of the way, michael phelps could savor one of the greatest races in swimming history. phelps claimed his second and third gold medals of the athens games on tuesday, winning the ...
2			game	season			boise state nevada game on espn reno, nev. nov 22, 2004 kickoff for the regular season finale between no. 10 boise state and nevada has been moved back to 4:45 pm pst saturday to accommodate a national television audience.
1			party	worry			more security worries the end of the year is nigh and parties are flexing our patience across the land. but michael herman warns the festive cheer and goodwill is not shared by online criminals.
4			software	enterprise			oracle again extends offer for peoplesoft oracle corp. 's hostile bid to acquire rival enterprise software maker peoplesoft inc. for $ 7.7 billion is set to continue for a bit longer.
2			play	run	game	championship			washington plays for shootout championship the 22nd ranked washington huskies 3 0 conclude their treacherous run through the great alaska shootout bracket, meeting no. 19 alabama 4 0 in the championship game on saturday, nov. 27.
4			feature			limited eyetoy support in gt4 in a surprise move, sony computer entertainment and polyphony digital revealed today that gran turismo 4 will feature limited eyetoy support.
4			technology			ins and outs of teledildonics gina lynn discovers remote how shall we say this? 'interaction' technology with the sinulator and finds herself on the cutting edge of cybersex.
1			general	election			tuc gather ahead of national poll union delegates gather for the annual tuc conference in brighton for what could be the last congress before the general election.
1			democrat	election			election losses further erode once mighty democratic base in the new congress, only 4 of the 22 senators from the 11 states of the old confederacy will be democrats.
3			holding			glazer ups man utd stake again taking his holding from 25.3 to 27.63 has heightened speculation he will soon make a definite takeover bid.
1			winner	election			wall st. wants a quick, clean election it won 't be just a sigh of relief on wall street but an ovation if the us presidential election on tuesday produces a clear winner and avoids a repeat of the chaotic 2000 results.
3			investment			eu sues germany over volkswagen law the european commission dragged germany to court on wednesday over a law that shields carmaking icon volkswagen ag from hostile takeovers, the culmination of a long battle to break down barriers to foreign investment.
4			party	platform			glance at gop platform in developing a party platform, republicans devoted much effort to the question of how to extend a welcome to party members who oppose the gop's stand against abortion and gay rights.
4			technique	virus	generation			traditional anti virus can 't meet new threats the need to defend networked electronic gear like pdas and smart phones will drive anti virus defenses away from the signature based techniques of today and toward next generation behavioral based tactics.
4			integration			monti says santander abbey bid would boost to bank integration european union competition commissioner mario monti said santander central hispano sa 's bid for abbey national plc would boost the integration of the european banking market if it succeeds
3			profit			jabil posts profit on stronger demand contract electronics manufacturer jabil circuit inc. jbl.n: quote, profile, research on tuesday posted a quarterly profit that more than doubled on stronger demand for computers, cellphones and other electronic products.
4			email	technology			bt picks blackberry for europe bt group said that blackberry 's always on push technology also means that customers do not have to periodically connect to their email to check for new messages, as they are automatically routed to the handheld.
4			goal	linux	technology	development			linux camp takes new tack on kernel with a common goal of providing a more constant, smoother and faster development cycle, new technologies are being put directly into linux kernel 2.6.x.
2			career	victory	race	season			montoya signs off in style jenson button 's hopes of rounding off the season with the first victory of his formula one career ended in an expensive cloud of smoke here yesterday as his bar honda rolled to a halt with a major engine failure only three laps into the race.
3			dip	growth	chain	sale			productivity growth slows; store sales dip u.s. business productivity grew more slowly in the third quarter than first thought, a government report showed on tuesday, while chain store sales fell in the crucial shopping week after thanksgiving.
4			feature			o2 unveils two new xda models bolstering its xda product line, o2 unveils the xda iis and iii models both offering a vast array of advanced features including quad band gsm, bluetooth, wi fi, sdio and more.
1			sentiment	election			consumer sentiment improves in november u.s. consumers have grown more cheerful so far this month as the hotly contested presidential election drew to a close and job prospects seemed to improve, according to a survey released on friday.
1			war			campaigns spending little on web ads the presidential ad war online is beginning to look more like a skirmish.
4			microsoft	system	software	patch	flaw			dangerous exploit targets jpeg flaw a software patch to protect your system is available from microsoft.
4			system	microsoft	patch	source			review: windows xp battens down hatches in latest patch with the latest update to microsoft corp. msft 's windows xp operating system, personal computers will soon join parents, bosses, teachers and spouses as a source of nagging in your life...
1			election			alaska judge orders ballots reprinted a superior court judge on wednesday ordered the state to rewrite, reprint and redistribute all of its ballots for the nov. 2 election, saying the wording of a ballot initiative was inaccurate and biased...
4			user	tool	upgrade	software	flaw			winzip warns of security flaws users of the popular compression tool should upgrade their software, company says.
4			tom	president	technology			government it tom jarrett, the new president of the national association of state chief information officers will discuss challenges facing state government information technology officials. filter columnist cynthia l. webb will moderate the discussion.
2			football	team	play	season	coach	opener	championship			brown forced to play spectator since taking over as football coach at the university of massachusetts in the spring, don brown has placed his mark on the team he helped lead to the 1998 division 1 aa national championship as defensive coordinator. imagine how difficult it will be for the minutemen to play today's season opener at delaware state as if their charismatic mentor doesn't exist.
3			profit			wwe nearly triples 1q profit world wrestling entertainment inc. nearly tripled its first quarter profit on higher revenue from airing two more pay per view television events than last year, but was slammed by declining live event attendance
2			stadium			crawford sprints to gold shawn crawford leads an american 200m 1 2 3 amid extraordinary scenes in the olympic stadium.
2			game	club			women make small inroads in game industry jennifer canada knew she was entering a boy's club when she enrolled in southern methodist university's guildhall school of video game making.
2			player	soccer	game	development			matters of great import the hybridization of european soccer might have improved the game on the continent, but it is also highlighting the lack of emphasis on player development.
2			baseball	nation	team			expos relocation to washington in peril washington 's new baseball team shut down business and promotional operations indefinitely wednesday as its move to the nation 's capital teetered on the brink of collapse.
1			party	president			republicans tap gimmicks to raise cash the republican national convention is officially president bush's party, but fellow gop candidates are not shy about using the days before the guest of honor's arrival to raise money for their own campaigns.
4			cell	tool	text			a new mobile phone search service upsnap turns your cell phone in to a search tool, offering free directory assistance lookups using sms text messaging.
4			use	ship	interview	technology			q a: sara lee wrestles with rfid, looks for benefits ray hagedorn, an it manager at sara lee foods, said in an interview that the company is taking a 'slap and ship' approach to its use of rfid tags while it learns more about the technology and looks for ways the tags can provide business benefits.
2			night	game			half life 2 launch details revealed spong last night received several sms messages at ungodly hours foretelling the launch of half life 2, rather a strange event for the release of a pc game.
2			victory	game	athletics			el guerrouj, holmes stride into olympic history morocco's hicham el guerrouj and briton kelly holmes gave the athens games two of its greatest moments saturday by surging to victory on the athletics track and claim historic olympic doubles.
3			sale	morgan			cazenove could sell stake to bank the uks oldest independent stockbroker was today being linked to a deal involving the sale of a 50 stake to us bank jp morgan chase.
4			grid	creator	software	computing	source			grid pioneers launch company the creators of the globus open source grid software formally launched software and services company univaon monday with the hopes of capitalizing on their work on grid computing.
4			technology	institute	use	cell	standard			andrew kantor: cyberspeak ultra accurate clocks are all around us it's not just cell phones taking advantage of a time standard. the national institute of standards and technology nist in boulder, colo., sends out a radio signal that any properly equipped device in much of north america can pick up and use to set itself to the proper time.
1			leader	election	bush	party	president			gay republican group won't endorse bush ny times leaders of the largest group for gay men and lesbians in the republican party voted overwhelmingly against endorsing president bush for re election because he favors a constitutional amendment banning same sex marriage, the new york times said on wednesday.
4			user			mobile phone users double since 2000 p p p by robert evans p p geneva reuters mobile phone subscribers around the globe totaled nearly 1.5 billion by the middle of this year, about one quarter of the world's population, the international telecommunication union itu said on thursday. p
4			grid	enterprise	system	vendor	computing			nec begins grid computing trial with mazda motors nec corporation is to provide mazda motor corp. with an experimental grid computing system that will undergo testing in 2005, the companies said today. if the tests are successful, nec hopes to become a major grid computing systems vendor to large enterprises in japan and internationally, the company said.
4			goal	enterprise	tool	software	development	integration	application			va software adding wiki support to collaborative tool va software in march 2005 plans to add wiki integration to its sourceforge enterprise edition environment for collaborative application development, with the goal of providing more structure to wikis.
4			integration	application	technology	server			oracle readies integration splash oracle at the oracle openworld conference in san francisco the week of dec. 5 plans to unveil oracle integration, a product that combines the company 's application server with several other technologies for integration and enablement of soas service oriented architectures .
4			use	switch			west africa currency switch looms the eight west african states that use the cfa franc prepare to replace their banknotes in an effort to halt counterfeiting.
3			stock	commodity	management			us global's holmes mines commodity stocks frank holmes would have loved to become a boxer, but he hung up his gloves at an early age and took a jab at money management instead.
3			share	growth	decline	stock	system	sale	technology			cisco 's chambers expects slower 2nd qtr sales growth cisco systems inc. shares had their biggest decline in three months, dragging down other technology stocks, after chief executive john chambers said sales growth will slow this quarter
2			game			half life 2 gold almost hard to believe, but one of the most anticipated pc games of the decade is about to make impact... vivendi universal games vu games announced today that half life 2 had officially gone gold.
4			lab	ally	profit	software	development	standard	gain	source			newly released lsb 2.0 gains powerful industry ally two non profit organizations devoted to promoting free and open source software standards have made a cooperative agreement. the free standards group fsg and the open source development labs osdl will
4			source	code			open source law and national security how many paragraphs of rules and regulations can a society have before no one can predict how it will respond to critical situations? the answer, as demonstrated on 9 11 2001 is: not very many. lawyers need to go open source and let the public bang on their code.
4			software	share			oracle finally takes 60 of peoplesoft shares washington, nov 20 : after a bitter 18 month battle oracle corporation has succeeded in taking control of more than 60 of outstanding shares of rival business software group peoplesoft, but obstacles to the hostile takeover remain.
4			tool	microsoft	software	developer			microsoft courts mainstream developers the software maker expands its visual studio line of developer tools.
4			platform	app	system	bea	development	server	application	project	source			bea adds app server support to beehive bea systems at the apachecon conference in las vegas on monday is adding the jonas and geronimo application servers as platforms supporting the project beehive open source development initiative.
3			growth			chinas economy: fear and attraction guangzhou, china few business executives watch the growth of the chinese economy as closely as michael smith, the chief executive of hongkong and shanghai banking.
2			season	race	prix			fernando positive for the end of the season fernando alonso was disappointed to spin out of yesterdays italian grand prix, but remains optimistic for the coming races.
4			high	speed	technology			fcc chief pushes tv via high speed internet lines us federal communications commission chairman michael powell on wednesday said technology and telecommunications companies are racing to develop ways to pipe television
2			player	fan	victory	team			dodging another upset, u.s. holds off greece nobody heard the american players exhale when the buzzer sounded to end a 77 71 victory, because 12,000 delirious fans saluted greece, the home team that had come close.
2			race	technology	sport			nanotubes race toward bike parts easton sports plans to produce bicycle components made out of carbon nanotubes, a step forward for the tiny technology.
3			sale	project			catalogs hold fast in the electronic age l.l. bean projects that its online sales will overtake its catalog business within two years, but don't expect any trees to be spared in the process.
2			software	game	sport	price			take two sees higher sports prices for new consoles take two interactive software inc. on monday said that prices for its sports video games will likely return to higher levels once new game consoles arrive in late 2005 or 2006.
4			ship	game	technology	source			vampire goes head to head with half life 2 activision has revealed that it plans to ship vampire: the masquerade bloodlines on november 16th in the usa, meaning that the game will be in direct competition with valve 's half life 2 the source engine technology for which bloodlines uses under
2			jump	game	sport			olympics could call out the couch potatoes as the 2004 summer olympics officially get underway friday with an international broadcast of the opening ceremonies, health experts expect the athens games to inspire couch potatoes to become more active. but, experts caution, amateurs, particularly sedentary ones, should not jump into a new sports activity without sufficient preparation.
4			use	computing			fudo is mad, farrell is bad this looks like the real beginning of the end for itanium. the workstation market is two fold. there are those that use workstations for computing tasks scientific, visualization, whatever and those that
1			debate			supreme court to hear case on cable as internet carrier the supreme court stepped into one of the most heated debates over the future of the internet: how to classify internet cable service for purposes of federal regulation.
4			software	symantec			cybersecurity chief abruptly resigns the government's cybersecurity chief has abruptly resigned after one year with the department of homeland security, confiding to industry colleagues his frustration over what he considers a lack of attention paid to computer security issues within the agency. amit yoran, a former software executive from symantec corp...
4			ipod	platform	cell			cell phones take ipod challenge when gilles babinet looks at a cell phone, he sees a music store, an ipod and even a nascent platform for a tiny screened mtv. the curly haired parisian is the chairman and founder of musiwave, the company
4			download	microsoft	tool	software	version			behind the music: microsoft? microsoft is set to unveil the latest version of its media playback software on thursday, giving its partners powerful new tools for selling digital entertainment services even as it launches its own music download store.
3			listing	stock			ebay grabs for $ 415m wed auctioneer ebay quote, chart continued its expansion into classified listings late thursday with the acquisition of for $ 415 million in cash and stock.
2			player	game	hit	president			tasteless jfk video game hits the internet just in time for today 's 41st anniversary of president john f. kennedy 's assassination, a tasteless internet game is being launched that lets players be lee harvey oswald.
1			party	win			french socialist vote boost for eu constitution france 's pro european socialists are jubilant after a party referendum on the eu constitution produced a solid majority for the treaty, boosting its chances to win approval in a national plebiscite next year.
2			team	sport			uci says tyler hamilton dumped by phonak olympic gold medalist tyler hamilton has been dumped by his pro cycling team after he failed blood doping tests, the sport 's world governing body announced on tuesday.
4			system			broadcom, agere settle suit irvine based broadcom said yesterday that it has settled all of the company 's outstanding litigation with agere systems.
4			development			are tobacco 's days numbered? peru recently made a decision that appears destined to result in the equivalent of a global no smoking sign, a development that spells yet more trouble for tobacco companies.
4			system	high			chile's pension system gets high marks instead of paying social security taxes and wondering whether the government will ever deliver promised retirement benefits, chilean workers bankroll their own retirements and manage their nest eggs.
4			ibm	software	application	source			ibm contributes speech recognition software to open source ibm will donate key speech recognition software to the open source apache foundation in hopes of promoting standardization in speech enabled applications.
4			user	java	software	developer	standard	application			nokia, vodafone push for mobile java standards the world's largest mobile phone manufacturer and europe's largest wireless operator have launched an initiative to simplify java standards for mobile devices in a move aimed to help developers create software for multiple java enabled devices, thus providing users with a wider choice of java based applications.
2			team	football			unh faces tough task at villanova the university of new hampshire football team will have its hands full when it travels to villanova today for a pivotal atlantic 10 matchup.
4			user	patent	hit	technology			btg hits amazon, netflix and others with patent suit btg plc, a london based firm that focuses on intellectual property and technology commercialization, said wednesday that it has filed suit against inc., llc and two other internet companies for infringing on patents related to the tracking of users on the web.
4			card	application	technology	identity			online identity theft: many medicines, no cure anti phishing applications, smart cards, and new authentication technologies are vying for your support.
2			team	nation	match	score			sa rugby set to score big with super 14 the super 12 will become a super 14 with additional teams in australia and south africa and the tri nations will be expanded to nine matches between the springboks, the wallabies and the all blacks.
4			software	mode			intel formally introduces tri mode wi fi chip as expected, intel introduced its tri mode wireless chip thursday with several software enhancements to the product to help improve security and reliability, it said during a webcast.
1			thailand	high	politics			thailand: origami politics wont do in southern thailand where unemployment is high, thousands of people have been spending the past couple of weeks collecting paper cranes fired at their villages and towns from the air.
4			microsoft	software			software pirate gets jail time german man sentenced to three years for selling counterfeit microsoft products.
4			system			uk group complains of higher itunes cost a consumer 's group said wednesday it has complained to government regulators about the cost of downloading music from apple 's itunes system.
4			project			washington post managing editor stepping down steve coll, the washington post 's managing editor for six years, said today he is stepping down at the end of the year to pursue book projects.
2			team			u.s. airborne laser advances to 'first light' a boeing co. led team has successfully fired for the first time a powerful laser meant to fly aboard a modified 747 as part of a u.s. ballistic missile defense shield, officials said on friday.
1			army	president	election			ex army officer elected somalian president somali presidential candidate abdulahi yusuf ahmed, left, stands next to an unidentified election official, just after he had taken an oath on the quran to abide by the election results, sunday, oct. 10, 2004
3			leader	sale			ringleader pleads guilty in internet drug sale scheme the leader of a ring that sold weight loss drugs and other controlled substances over the internet pleaded guilty to a federal conspiracy charge yesterday even as he defended his business and insisted that he never intended to harm patients.
1			parliament			vote due on new europe commission the european parliament was expected to endorse the 24 member european union executive thursday after new european commission chief jose manuel barroso moved to solve the legislature 's objections to his lineup.
4			processor			latest tungsten t5 adds power, resolution palmone quote, chart , maker of the lower priced zire handheld and the treo smartphone, unveiled the tungsten t5 handheld monday, which adds heaps of memory and an intel 416mhz xscale processor.
4			system	ryan			airlines cough up passenger data after initial complaints about the government order, u.s. airlines finally comply, turning over a massive amount of information about travelers so the feds can test a screening system. by ryan singel.
4			system			nhs 6.2bn computer system probed government spending watchdog, the national audit office, is to investigate a 6.2bn programme to install a computer system at the nhs.
1			talk			iran 's nuclear deal not definitive iran 's answer on to a european union eu demand that it freeze sensitive nuclear work such as uranium enrichment has been described as not too disappointing but not completely definitive by an eu diplomat familiar with the talks.
4			technology			techbrief: chip firms invest in nanotech advanced micro devices and infineon technologies, which already have chip plants in dresden, plan to invest e170 million over the next five years in a center for nanotechnology research there.
2			league	referee	football	champion	club	play	victory	game	stadium	fan	match			football: dynamo kiev given forfeit victory over as roma the european football union has given dynamo kiev a 3 0 forfeit victory and ordered the italian club as roma to play two games in empty stadiums after a fan injured a swedish referee during a champions league match.
2			medal	game			hamilton won 't lose gold in doping case, ioc says us cyclist tyler hamilton will keep his gold medal from the athens games even though a test found illegal blood doping, the international olympic committee said.
2			medal	team	good	player	game			maligned team usa settles for bronze for much of the bronze medal game against lithuania, several of the younger players on team usa were having themselves a good time.
2			profit	sport			100m profit for london olympics, but paris favourite london 's 2012 olympic bid could make a profit of 100 million which would be ploughed back into grassroots sport, it emerged today, while a strong paris bid launched yesterday, stressing
3			profit			gateway posts operating profit personal computer maker gateway inc. gtw.n: quote, profile, research on thursday posted its first operating profit in nearly three years as its retail strategy
2			team			first to futile in 24 hours as knicks waste the day first place, and the warm, fuzzy feelings that came with it, felt great for about 23 hours. by the 24th hour, the knicks looked and played more like a team destined to wander the depths of the atlantic division.
4			technology			rfid tags: the people say no cnet recently ran a report on companies with technologies that involve implanting rfid chips under people 's skin or inside a bracelet.
3			profit			washington post profit up on education,tv washington post co. said on friday that quarterly profit jumped, beating analysts' forecasts, boosted by results at its kaplan education unit and television broadcasting operations.
3			stock			veteran inventor in market float trevor baylis, the veteran inventor famous for creating the freeplay clockwork radio, is planning to float his company on the stock market.
3			good	chain	sale			gus says argos outperforms retail group gus says like for like sales at its key argos chain outstripped the market in the first half as sales of consumer electronics and leisure goods shone.
2			winner	affair	champion	team	captain			the tyler hamilton affair on monday evening, the uci gave shocking news to phonak team officials: tyler hamilton, the team captain, the olympic time trial champion, and the winner of stage 8 of the vuelta a espana
4			leadership	team	networking	technology	high			cisco, fujitsu team on high end routers the cisco fujitsu alliance will benefit from cisco 's leadership in ip technology and fujitsu 's edge in networking products.
2			player	raven	brian	team			ravens waive morrow, cut eight players the baltimore ravens terminated the contract of special teams standout harold morrow and cut eight players, including 2004 draft picks tony pashos and brian rimpf.
3			good			arkansas farm produces most u.s. goldfish there is a good chance that the colorful carp you won at the county fair or picked up at the local pet shop came from pool fisheries, which sits in the middle of an arkansas field in lonoke county, the self proclaimed baitfish capital of the world where more than 6 billion minnows and goldfish are bred each year.
4			top	technology			right products for demanding markets ritdisplay corporation is one of the top three oled makers in the world. the company provides the right technology for innovative knowledge, the right time for real time competitiveness and the right products for customer satisfaction.
3			profit	earnings			harley davidson posts higher profit motorcycle maker harley davidson inc. roared to record quarterly earnings on wednesday, boosted by more efficient operations and demand for its new models.
1			plot	coup	minister			mauritania thwarts 'coup plot' mauritanian security forces foil a coup attempt, the third in 15 months, says the interior minister.
4			alternative			sco plans alternative to groklaw web site after a year and a half of being flamed, dissected and dismissed on the web site, the sco group inc. sco has decided to set up a web site of its own to cover the latest happenings in its many legal disputes.
3			share	chain	retailer	second			circuit city second quarter loss narrows to 6 cents a share circuit city stores inc., the no. 2 us electronics chain, said its second quarter loss narrowed to $ 11.9 million as the company sold more plasma screen televisions and benefited from the acquisition of a canadian retailer.
4			researcher	technology	telescope			astronomers demonstrate a global internet telescope european and us radio astronomers have demonstrated a new way of observing the universe through the internet! using cutting edge technology, the researchers have managed to observe a distant star by using the world's research networks to create a giant virtual telescope. the process has allowed them to image the object with unprecedented detail, in real time; something which only a few years ago would have been impossible...
3			investor	growth	profit	stock	outlook			stocks to open higher on growth outlook u.s. stocks are seen sharply higher at the open monday as investors remain upbeat about the outlook for economic and corporate profit growth...
2			play			abandoned africa hiv orphans struggle with stigma monica is 12, likes ice cream, thinks boys are rough and dirty, and wants to grow up to be a flight attendant because they work hard and play hard.
1			election			nader supporters lose supreme court appeal the supreme court on tuesday rejected a last ditch bid to put ralph nader on oregon's election ballot.
4			experiment	development			health highlights: sept. 7, 2004 here are some of the latest health and medical news developments, compiled by editors of healthday: early puberty increases risk of substance abuse youngsters who begin puberty at an early age are more likely to experiment with and abuse alcohol, tobacco, and marijuana than kids who start puberty at a later age, says a australian study in the september issue of the journal pediatrics. the study found that early puberty was more important than school grade or age in influencing this kind of behavior...
1			democrat	country	election	kerry			more smaller groups airing political ads just about everybody wants to have their say in this presidential election. from evangelical preachers who claim god is not a republican or a democrat to the anti abortion catholics against kerry, political advertising by smaller groups, and individuals in some cases, is popping up across the country.
2			match			trinidad returns as requested, will face mayorga for the last two plus years, felix tito trinidad did as he pleased. he spent time with his wife and children. he ate very well, rode his horses and went to cockfights and boxing matches with his friends.
2			medal	championship			six gold to hanson brooke hanson joined illustrious company at indianapolis today with her sixth w orld short course swim championships gold medal.
3			enterprise			up close and awesome matthew seu and his two sons yesterday became the first to boldly go where no tourist had been before: within a few feet of the spaceship enterprise.
2			game	country			olympic torch heads off to beijing while celebrating unprecedented success at the athens olympics, china has its sights firmly set on the beijing games in four years when they hope to present the country 's new face to the world.
1			election	human			watchdog slams human rights violations in hong kong ahead of polls china has created a toxic political climate in hong kong through threats and intimidation designed to skew sunday's elections in favour of pro beijing candidates, a global rights watchdog said.
1			conflict	talk	relation	side			s asia rivals hold nuclear talks the meeting in islamabad is part of wider efforts to improve relations between the south asian rivals. officials from both sides will discuss putting in place safeguards to avert a possible nuclear conflict.
4			general	management	networking	technology	application	mike			q a, part 1: cisco's mike volpi on ip traffic management mike volpi, routing technology general manager at cisco, spoke recently about important new application aware networking technology, service providers and his 10 years at cisco.
2			coach	president	season			president blasts firing notre dame's outgoing president criticized the decision to fire tyrone willingham after just three seasons, saying he was surprised the coach was not given more time to try to succeed.
2			football	score	beat	high	game			for the record correction: a correction in thursday's paper gave incorrect scores for two high school football games. brockton defeated bc high, 12 8, and durfee beat barnstable, 14 13.
4			crm	suite	tool	technology	application			rightnow completes the suite rightnow technologies is spreading its wings by years end with the introduction of rightnow crm 7.0, an integrated crm suite that builds on rightnows e services framework. to the companys already strong customer support and marketing tools, crm 7.0 adds an sfa application. the suite will be available in a hosted implementation or for on premise deployment.
4			system	software	microsoft			microsoft takes lead in software for handhelds microsoft corp. is no longer an also ran in the market for handheld computer software. for the past three months, gadgets running the software giant's windows mobile operating system outsold palm handhelds, finally overtaking a rival that first popularized the electronic datebook organizers in the mid 1990s.
1			minister	talk	reform	finance			eu ministers to mull budget rules, seek a mr euro eu finance ministers gather in the netherlands friday for informal talks likely dominated by efforts to agree on reforms to the long strained budget rules underpinning the euro.
1			democrat	election			limit expected to be reached as early as this week with 29 days to go before the presidential election, a group of democrats on capitol hill is pressing john snow to do more to raise the federal government 's mandatory debt ceiling, which is poised to be reached as soon as this week.
4			development			farming 'must embrace the new' uk farming must embrace new ideas and scientific developments to survive the next few decades.
4			microsoft	finance	suite	enterprise	software	upgrade	erp	vendor	use			microsoft upgrades navision erp suite the vendor says the upgraded software is easier to use and helps companies control finances. by laurie sullivan. microsoft on monday announced the first major upgrade to the enterprise resource planning suite it acquired when it bought navision in 2002.
4			high	software	database			agencies find what they're looking for while the high profile battle between the major search engines that scour the web rages on, convera corp. in northern virginia has quietly carved out a niche for itself: selling software that helps u.s. and foreign intelligence agents search their databases.
2			title	championship	win	coach	seattle	sport			storm wins wnba title, beating connecticut 74 60 betty lennox and the seattle storm gave the city its first major professional sports title in 25 years and made anne donovan the first female championship coach in wnba history.
2			season	game	play	defeat			this year's giants looking like last season's ceding control of the game after a handful of plays, the giants went tamely to their fifth successive defeat.
4			desktop	software	application	server			vmware creates pc software condom not satisfied with its prominent position on servers and workstations, vmware charged the desktop with a new software package that creates containers of applications that can be centrally managed by an administrator.
3			investor	profit	stock	trading	high			stocks end high on jobless claims report stocks rose modestly in uninspired trading thursday as investors looked past a mix of economic data and falling profit forecasts from from google inc.
4			science			gunfight at the artery wall today at the ubs global life sciences conference, atherogenics was met with pointed skepticism over trial results for its drug, agi 1067.
4			share	holding	technology			arm reaches out to buy artisan arm holdings, the uk microchip designer, has agreed to buy american technology firm artisan components in a cash and shares deal worth 500 million, although some analysts fear it may have dug too deep.
2			season	game	mike			friday news notes rex tucker started his first regular season game in more than two years sunday, filling in at right guard in place of mike gandy, who was sidelined with a strained hamstring.
4			plot	cell	system			review: gps in cell phones performs well o.k., so i don't like asking for directions. but i don't get lost so often that i need to spend more than 1,000 on a built in car navigation system to plot my course with global positioning satellites.
1			talk			virgin in talks to secure a slice of china 's mobile market virgin is planning to launch a mobile phone service in china as a 50 50 joint venture with a chinese company within a year to 18 months, according to reports.
4			networking	project	generation			optical networking: the next generation forget internet2. the national lambdarail is the most ambitious network research project going. but can it save the optical networking industry?
4			software	upgrade	mac	ship	version			apple ships mac os x update the 26mb upgrade to version 10.3.6 is available now via the os software update control panel and from apple 's support web site.
4			microsoft	feature	source			microsoft says firefox not a threat to ie just days after the launch of open source browser firefox 1.0, microsoft executives defended internet explorer, saying it is no less secure than any other browser and doesn 't lack any important features.
2			coach			40 injured in french motorway pileup seven people were killed and 40 injured in a pileup involving a spanish coach and 10 cars early on sunday. the accident took place on the bayonne bordeaux highway in southwest france, the gironde prefect 's office said.
4			player	software	microsoft	version			microsoft tells judge of harm in changing windows microsoft corp will suffer serious harm if it is forced to provide a version of windows without windows media player audio visual software, its lawyer told a european union court on friday.
3			profit			music merger boosts bertelsmann bertelsmann, the world's fourth largest media company, sees profits surge during the first half of 2004, lifted by its music and tv businesses.
3			investment	fund	stock			art looks like fine investment for funds some mutual funds invest in stocks; others invest in bonds. now a new breed of funds is offering the chance to own fine art.
2			club	night	houston	season	game	sport			bonds to remain with giants through 2006 san francisco, ca sports network the san francisco giants have scheduled a news conference prior to tuesday night 's game against houston at which time the club is expected to announce that barry bonds will remain under contract through the 2006 season
3			shareholder			peoplesoft rejects oracle bid peoplesoft inc.'s board on wednesday again unanimously rejected oracle corp.'s $ 8.8 billion hostile tender offer, leaving oracle to appeal directly to peoplesoft shareholders to decide on the bid for themselves.
2			basketball	team	play	classic	season			terps get first test the no. 22 maryland women's basketball team faces its first big test of the season friday when the terrapins play no. 2 louisiana state at 7 p.m. in the coors classic.
4			hardware	database	microsystems	linux	ibm	software	vendor			sybase partners with ibm to sell database software sybase inc. said on tuesday that it will partner with hardware vendor ibm to market its linux database software, potentially dealing a blow to sun microsystems, another long standing partner.
4			software	stock			stocks seen higher, oracle could help u.s. stocks were set for a higher open on monday, helped by news business software maker oracle corp. struck a deal to buy rival peoplesoft inc. , ending a bitter takeover battle.
4			system			school ups grade by going online a program called hipschools lets parents track assignments and communicate with teachers online. for a brooklyn middle school with a failing grade from the state, the system has meant a dramatic turnaround. by cyrus farivar.
3			investor	fund			global funds offer broad exposure with the u.s. economy likely to slow next year, many investors are looking to add more international exposure to their portfolios in hopes of winning higher returns. a number of global mutual funds offer what seems like easy one stop shopping, but experts warn that all are not created equal.
4			technique	researcher	computing			atomic register offers route to quantum computing the fundamental memory component of a quantum computer has been built for the first time using a string of atoms. this could offer a more reliable way to build a working quantum computer than other techniques, suggest researchers.
2			stadium	marlin	team			around the horn: marlins ok lowell 's deal through 2007 lowell, who could have opted out of his contract because the team hasn 't secured new stadium financing, agreed friday to a revised deal in which the team guarantees the remaining $ 25.
4			desktop	tool			ask jeeves previews desktop search tool company joins heavyweights google, msn, and others in desktop search fray.
4			processor	server	core			freescale announces dual core powerpc processor while much has been made of efforts by advanced micro devices inc. and intel corp. to bring dual core processors to pcs and servers, freescale semiconductor inc.
2			crowd	soccer	game	team			sold out signs going up at games events in the midst of the heaving throng of more than 100,000 who turned out in athens to welcome home the victorious greek soccer team last month, someone asked how athens would deal with the crowds during the olympics.
4			system	high	enterprise	switch			cisco, fujitsu to collabrate on high end routers fujitsu and cisco systems announced that they have reached a fundamental agreement to enter into a strategic alliance focusing on routers and switches that will enable service providers and enterprises to build advanced internet protocol ip networks.
4			developer			firefox developers riding the wave the publicity avalanche surrounding firefox continues unabated. profiles developers at the forefront of the firefox developer movement and explains how some crafty developers are taking advantage
4			software			incoming ceo: father figure duffield back at the helm if there's a spirit that defines the many quirks and complexities of pleasanton software company peoplesoft, it emanates from its founder and once again chief executive officer, david a. duffield.
3			investor	fund	trading			nothing ventured, everything gained a new trading tactic that could tip takeover battles has emerged from the hedge fund industry, sparking outrage among some investors and corporate governance experts.
3			investment	talk	management	sale			metlife seen near sale of hub invest unit metlife inc. is in late stage negotiations to sell one of boston's oldest investment firms, state street research management co., to another new york financial giant, blackrock inc., according to two executives briefed on the talks.
4			strength	generation			toshiba to sell next gen dvd laptops by 2005 is in competition with the sony led blu ray disc to become the dominant next generation dvd. toshiba said the hd dvd 's strength against
4			generation	technique	technology	second	silicon			intel shifts to next gen strained silicon intel corp. will shift to a second generation strained silicon technique within its forthcoming 65 nanometer process technology, the company will announce on monday.
4			software			oracle's ellison confident in peoplesoft oracle corp. ceo larry ellison reiterated his determination to prevail in a long running takeover battle with rival business software maker peoplesoft inc., predicting the proposed deal will create a more competitive company with improved customer service.
1			party	democrat	election			vote swaps revamped for 2004 if you'd like to vote for a third party candidate, but don't want to cost the democrats or republicans the election, take heart. sites are cropping up to allow voters in swing states to swap votes with people in non swing states. by joanna glasner.
4			microsoft	technology	lawsuit			microsoft and sendo settle case a lawsuit in which uk mobile phones maker sendo had accused microsoft of stealing its technology and customers is settled.
1			party			china party chief rules out multi party democracy chinese communist party chief hu jintao ruled out multi party democracy on wednesday on the eve of a key meeting aimed at tightening the party's grip on power.
4			system	software			listwin steps down as ceo at openwave don listwin, chief executive of communications software maker openwave systems, is giving up the executive reins to throw himself into a personal crusade against cancer.
4			share	software	source			firefox erodes ie market share microsoft's nasdaq: msft domination of the web browser market is falling as consumers opt for open source software from the mozilla foundation, according to a survey.
4			content	management	technology	enterprise			oracle eyes content management prize oracle will catapult itself into the ecm enterprise content management fold next quarter by introducing tsunami, its unstructured data management technology.
4			platform	mac	application	mail			blackberry in sync with apple information appliance associates is offering an application that links the blackberry mobile e mail platform with mac os x, further extending blackberry's considerable reach.
2			team			friendster, eurekster team up for personalized search friendster has rolled out a new internet search service powered by eurekster that taps into your online social network to personalize and enhance search results.
4			development			china to rely more on nuclear power china planned to boost the development of its nuclear power industry to help meet its growing need for electricity as it made a strategic shift in focus away from coal, an official said yesterday.
4			development			nokia acquires assets, establishes austin office austin based metrowerks corp. has sold one of its development lines to finland 's nokia corp. nyse: nok for an undisclosed amount.
4			system	top			juniper poaches cisco execs juniper networks lands two top cisco systems executives to lead a newly developed channel program.
1			president	coup			equatorial guinea trial begins for alleged coup plotters the trial of 14 south african and armenian men held since march for allegedly planning to overthrow the president of equatorial guinea is under way after several delays.
3			profit	sale			eads boosted by airbus orders european aerospace group eads reports higher than expected profits, boosted by sales in its airbus plane making subsidiary.
4			tool			black decker gets ok to buy tools unit black decker corp. received regulatory approval for its $ 775 million cash acquisition of pump maker pentair inc. 's tools group, and expects the deal to close in early october, the power tools maker said wednesday.
4			space	ship	technology	storage			seagate ships 400gb pc hard disk drive hard disk drive maker seagate technology llc has started shipping a drive targeted at personal computers that offers 400gb of storage space, it said tuesday.
4			feature			new releases from google, firefox now that almost everyone has bartered for his or her invitation to google 's gmail service, everyone is waiting to see what new features google will introduce to outpace the competition.
1			party	president			s.korea's ruling party head resigns on father's past the chairman of south korea's ruling uri party resigned thursday, an unexpected first casualty of president roh moo hyun's call for an inquiry into who benefited from working with korea's japanese colonial rulers.
3			retailer			french retailer carrefour denies it is withdrawing from japan french retail giant carrefour sa has denied a press report it is planning to sell its operations in japan.
1			leader	top			foreign leaders commemorate centenary of deng xiaoping 's birth top leaders of armenia, turkmenistan, tajikistan and moldova have paid homage to late chinese leader deng xiaoping on the occasion of his 100th birthday.
4			user	suite	design	tool	application			mercury interactive unveils a tool to let users, not just it, test applications in an effort to reduce the cycle time between application design and testing and when the application is put into production, mercury interactive introduced this week mercury business process testing. the application will be part of the mercury quality center suite of applications.
4			content	technology			yahoo takes rss mainstream yahoo 's quote, chart public embrace of the rss content syndication format took a major leap forward with the release of a revamped my yahoo portal seeking to introduce the technology to mainstream consumers.
4			system	software	vendor			palmsource buy yields new os palmsource inc. has purchased china mobilesoft ltd., nanjing, a vendor of mobile phone software and operating systems.
4			alternative			sco 's answer to on hold the sco group inc. is reconsidering its plans to launch an alternative to the web site that had been scheduled to go live this week, a company spokeswoman said monday.
4			system	speed			cisco intros service routers cisco systems today announced a new line of integrated services routers, the industrys first routers to deliver secure, wire speed data, voice, video and other advanced services to
4			ibm	server	technology	enterprise			ibm perks up memory, transistors ibm is tweaking its semiconductor technology to help extend the performance of its servers and enterprise pcs, the company said monday.
2			final	game			sun edges storm in game one of wnba finals katie douglas and the connecticut sun had just enough poise in their first wnba finals contest.
4			technique	design	technology	general			getting around search engine optimization roadblocks getting around search engine optimization roadblocks today, i will cover the most difficult technologies and techniques to work with. while each of these technologies, techniques and designs have a useful purpose for web designers, webmasters and general office staff tasked with keeping the site up to date, they each also present problems ...
3			top	profit	trading	share			amazon's profit triples, driven by free shipping but the company's guidance for next year failed to top wall street's estimates, and its shares fell in after hours trading.
4			technology	generation			it firm softbank aims to enter japan's mobile sector as 3g grows japanese internet firm softbank said it aims to enter the mobile phone industry supplying third generation 3g services as more customers embrace the advanced technology.
4			outsourcing	technology			bangalore thrives, chokes on outsourcing when narrow colonial era streets get jammed with evening traffic in india's technology capital, the radio disc jockey turns agony aunt.
2			team			blazers fine randolph for missing team flight the portland trail blazers fined forward zach randolph for missing the team flight to toronto, where they will meet the raptors sunday afternoon.
1			leader	election	country	opposition			ukraine liberals vow new rallies to overturn vote ukrainian opposition leader viktor yushchenko pledged a campaign of mass street protests to overturn presidential election results he, and western countries, say were rigged by a moscow backed government.
1			leader	debate			leaders sign european union's first constitution the treaty was the result of 28 months of sometimes acrimonious debate, and now faces ratification in national parliaments.
4			discovery	project			drug discovery plan to tap, and help, africa forests an ambitious drug research project in madagascar aims to tap the botanical knowledge of traditional healers while helping to protect the country's rain forests.
4			software	networking	broadband			cisco beefs up broadband offering networking giant buys start up p cube, a maker of software for controlling, monitoring and billing for ip services.
3			good	inventory	distributor			pc distributor puts rfid tags in goods a singaporean it products distributor is introducing radio tags to track inventory and delivery.
1			democrat	president	election	bush			review finds fla. counties voted for bush a newspaper's review of ballots cast in three north florida counties where registered democrats heavily outnumber republicans showed just what officials reported: the counties' voters did on election day as they often do, voting for a republican for president.
2			auction	baseball	player	sport	price			bat of the babe sells for ruthian amount new york, ny sports network a bat once used by legendary baseball player babe ruth sold for $ 1.26 million at an auction on thursday, marking the third highest price ever paid for a piece of sports memorabilia.
4			system	software			software tutors offer help and customized hints broadly defined, an intelligent tutoring system is educational software containing an artificial intelligence component.
2			player			sony, jockeying for better mp3 player market position, adds native ... sony has long been of the mindset that they can develop media formats ie betamax which are superior to ones already in the marketplace.
2			sport	final	baseball	source			sports: giants will keep bonds in the dugout 2 more years san francisco a baseball source says the san francisco giants are dropping their right to void the final year of their contract with barry bonds.
2			injury	team	play	season	opener	game			davis cleared to play wisconsin senior running back anthony davis, who has missed the badgers last three games due to an eye injury sustained during the teams season opener on sept.
4			management	switch			prosafe smart switch the prosafe smart switch line from netgear is positioned between their unmanaged and fully managed switches and offers basic web browser based management capabilities primarily for small to medium sized businesses.
4			app	java	system	software	technology	development	server	application	project	source			apache geronimo readied as java app server las vegas geronimo, the open source java application server in development by the apache software foundation, will provide a malleable technology base amenable to applications such as regulatory compliance systems, according to a technologist working on the project.
4			worm	upgrade	technology	attack			intel suggests upgrading internet to intelnet intel is working on ways to upgrade the internet with a new layer of technology that could help the network detect and warn of worm attacks on its own and re route network traffic to avoid delays.
4			night	technology			missing link: simpson has milli vanilli moment was it the technology? or her spaced out band? if you haven't already seen the video clip of ashlee simpson's lip syncing flub on saturday night live, get thee to ebaum's world.
3			sale			marketwatch, web news site, is up for sale marketwatch, the owner of a leading financial news site, cbs marketwatch, is soliciting bids expected to be as much as $ 400 million for the company.
4			processor	management	technology	feature	core	version			intel shows chip roadmap intel has disclosed new technologies that will feature in its chips in the next few years. the firm demonstrated a dual core version of its itanium 64bit processor, and announced plans for a new management
4			technology	lawsuit			google faces another keyword lawsuit google faces another keyword lawsuit another lawsuit has been filed against google because of the trademarked keyterms that companies bid for in the adwords keyword advertising program. next week google will head over to a german courtroom where it will continue to defend its technology against metaspinner media gmbh.
4			goal	platform	broadband	development	access			fcc approves broadband over power line rules as part of its goal to promote access to broadband services for all americans and to encourage new facilities based broadband platforms, the federal communications commission today adopted changes to part 15 of its rules to encourage the development of
2			supply	game	country	sport			china bans video game for breach of sovereignty china, sensitive about issues of national sovereignty, has banned a computer sports game that classifies taiwan, hong kong, macau and tibet as countries and has threatened to fine web sites that supply the game and net cafes that let
2			team	series	worry	game	match			ganguly urges teammates to worry about matches, not records indian skipper sourav ganguly has asked his team to concentrate on the game rather than look for personal records during a two test series against bangladesh.
4			tool	system			case study: sensing out danger rae systems believes the government could do more to exploit sensor tools.
2			sport	williams	triumph	yankee			sports briefs column bernie williams sent a drive soaring to left centre field, raised his right arm in triumph and circled the bases. pretty soon, he was home and so were the new york yankees.
2			increase	sport			ford to recall 474 000 suvs worldwide ford motor company said today it was recalling about 474 000 escape and mazda tribute sport utility vehicles suvs globally because the accelerator cable may prevent the engine from returning to the idle position, which could increase stopping distance
4			software	enterprise			oracle extends offer for peoplesoft again oracle 's hostile bid to acquire rival enterprise software maker peoplesoft for $ 7.7bn 4.3bn is set to continue for a bit longer.
2			champion			word champion with his big, thick right hand, pete clentzos slaps his belly. the hand bounces off.
4			software			software tutors offer help and customized hints ourteen year old rochelle brown was close to solving an algebra problem. yet she stumbled repeatedly on one calculation: 2.3 .5.
2			oriole	season			owners approve move baseball's owners vote to approve the relocation of the expos to washington for the 2005 season despite a lone objection from orioles owner peter angelos.
1			conflict			the day hardie 's sums didn 't add up dennis cooper is too much of a soft spoken gentleman to publicly express anger, but the professional conflict between him and peter macdonald goes back a long way to a day in may 2001.
4			virus	code			apple has a virus? congratulations! hackers wouldn 't bother writing malicious code to infect the macintosh unless those computers actually mattered. by eric hellweg.
1			corruption	party			china 's hu calls democracy blind alley beijing china 's communist party chief, hu jintao, said wednesday that western style democracy was a blind alley for china and that the one party state would fight power abuse and corruption by policing itself better.
2			receiver	carolina	sport			carolina wr smith undergoes surgery charlotte, north carolina sports network carolina panthers wide receiver steve smith underwent successful surgery on his broken left leg tuesday and needs at least eight weeks to rehab.
4			switch			uh oh! spaghettios switches brands uh oh, spaghettios! the iconic kids pasta that has made mealtime easier for countless american families for four decades is getting a face lift, and its once popular franco american brand is being consigned to history.
4			system	version			palmsource introduces latest version of palm os palmsource inc. on tuesday launched the latest version of its operating system, which targets manufacturers of the increasing number of advanced cellular phones in the market.
3			chain			it 's a mega burger, and hold the diet as many fast food chains introduce healthier fare amid fears of being sued, hardee 's is introducing a hamburger with 1,420 calories and 107 grams of fat.
4			forecast	technology	storage			seagate raises revenue forecast seagate technology stx.n , the topu.s. maker of hard drives used to store data in computers, ontuesday forecast quarterly revenue above wall street estimateson strong demand for storage for larger business computers. p
2			dead	tool	sport			catching 'phishers' a wholesecurity sport tool that identifies sites pretending to be connected to banks, ebay and more could help leave phishing scammers dead in the water.
4			cell	text	software	access			cell phones increasingly attractive to hackers early this month, several web sites began offering software promising ringtones and screensavers for certain cell phones. but those who downloaded the software found that it turned every icon on their cell phones' screens into a skull and crossbones and disabled their phones, so they could no longer send or receive text messages or access contact lists or calendars.
2			champion	team	season			da matta considering champ car return former champion cristiano da matta wants to return to the newman haas champ car team next year after two disappointing seasons in formula one.
3			shareholder	share			oracle further extends peoplesoft offer oracle corp. has again extended its $ 7.7 billion cash offer for peoplesoft inc. shareholders now have until oct. 8 to tender their shares, oracle said thursday.
1			growth	debate			job growth weaker than expected u.s. businesses added 96,000 jobs to payrolls in september, the government reported on friday, a weaker than expected total that was expected to sharpen a presidential debate later in the day over the economy's direction.
4			use	low	technology	switch			philips switches strategy pictures through flat screen disposal the dutch electronics group philips said that it is selling its low brand flat screens business group to tpv technology of taiwan as part of a strategic change of direction, and in line with a trend by big groups to use asian partners to cut costs.
3			share	chain	stock	software	retailer	game			update 1 barnes noble selling gamestop stake gamestop corp. gme.n: quote, profile, research , a video game and entertainment software retailer, said monday it bought 6,107,338 shares of its class b common stock held by book store chain barnes noble inc.
3			growth			google says growth is slowing down google inc. thursday warned that the growth it has showed so far this year may not be sustainable.
4			microsoft	technology	win			microsoft foe wins in settlement the head of a technology industry trade group that for years encouraged aggressive legal action against microsoft corp. for antitrust violations personally received nearly $ 10 million as part
2			game	feature			programs: new games feature mind over matter the overwhelming scientific evidence shows that psychic powers are probably a lot of baloney. after all, psychics always seem to lose their powers if subjected to tests designed to eliminate luck or fraud.
4			upgrade			first look: danger sidekick ii the former world class product of the year pda gets a much needed upgrade.
4			science	developer			search engine for developers is hailed an eclipse ide plug in that would provide search capabilities specifically for developers is being readied by a university of california, berkeley computer science professor.
4			hardware	growth	software	vendor	price	storage			storage services market heading to 30 billion the growth comes as more vendors offer more software to offset the plunge in storage hardware prices.
2			measure	game			no half measures with half life 2 could half life 2 possibly live up to the hype? after almost two years of tantalising previews and infuriating delays it 's safe to say that this is the most highly anticipated computer game of all time.
4			software	associate			sanjay kumar pleading not guilty on wednesday, former ceo of the us biggest software maker computer associate sanjay kumar was charged in the indictment for securities fraud in the company.
2			game			nintendo ds breaks new ground in june 2001, nintendo launched the game boy advance nd gamers cheered. twenty one months later, the company rolled out the game boy advance sp that cheering turned into an ovation.
4			microsoft	linux	software	project	source			former microsoft exec joins open source project one of the guys behind microsoft's halloween memo regarding linux is now working on open source media software.
1			minister	finance			tax cuts coming for modest income families, business, says finance ... it may be a bit early to take this promise to the bank, but finance minister ralph goodale says he wants to bring in more personal and business tax cuts.
4			park	technology			wachovia plans technology park in alabama wachovia corp. is planning a 400 million data center in birmingham that will anchor a 337 acre technology park.
4			project			google partners with libraries in massive digitization project in a move likely to have major ramifications for the library world, google announced december 14 that it would embark on an ambitious project to digitally scan books from the collections of five major research libraries and make them searchable online.
3			good			eyewear to help you cross roads crossing the road may soon be as straightforward and safe for blind and visually impaired people as it is for someone with good eyesight, thanks to a new device that acts as an electronic eye.
1			party	talk			us, n.korea meet, but no agreement reached on six party talks north korean and us officials met this week to discuss the nuclear standoff on the korean peninsula. it appears they came no closer to resuming multilateral
3			stock			coventry health to buy first health coventry health care inc. on thursday said it agreed to buy rival health plan first health group corp. for about 1.8 billion in stock and cash as it looks to expand its geographic reach and keep pace with rivals.
3			dealer	sale			dollar weakens despite better than expected us retail figures the dollar weakened against the euro as dealers were unimpressed by better than expected us retail sales and focused instead on the likelihood that tuesday's trade figures will show a record deficit.
3			good			hopes soar for solo record plane richard branson says the virgin global flyer is looking good for its solo trip around the world without refuelling.
4			system	standard	storage			us, airlines agree on new water testing guidelines most big u.s. airlines will more frequently test and disinfect aircraft storage and delivery systems to ensure water used for drinking and washing meets federal standards, the government and industry said on tuesday.
2			tim	meter	sport			montgomery doping hearing set for early november world 100 meters record holder tim montgomery will appear before the court of arbitration for sport cas in san francisco in the first week of november for a hearing over a possible life ban for doping.
2			nfl	minnesota	team	game	sport			sports: nfl tells vikings smith to sit out four minneapolis onterrio smith of the minnesota vikings will miss his team 's next four games for a violation of the nfl substance abuse policy.
1			leader	crisis	election			election will also decide greenspan's successor wanted: brilliant economist. must be politically savvy, trusted by wall street, a strong leader and consensus builder, cool in a crisis, able to calm world markets with a few words and likely to guide the economy into robust health in time for the 2008 presidential election.
3			share			liberty makes nice with news corp. liberty media corp. on tuesday said a share swap transaction that would nearly double its voting power in news corp. was a friendly move, a day after news corp. announced a poison pill to fend off any hostile bid from the u.s. media conglomerate.
2			coach	saint			no. 24 memphis 81, saint mary 's 66 coach called me over the summer and asked me if i was working hard, carney said. i guess i showed him what i did all through the summer tonight.
4			project			project aims to develop hydrogen power a government laboratory and a private company announced a $ 2.6 million project monday to develop hydrogen in a nuclear reactor using a process with
2			sport			drugs in sport: jones denies fresh conte claims over injecting ... marion jones denied the allegations that emerged yesterday from victor conte, the man at the centre of the balco doping scandal, who claimed that he had witnessed her injecting performance enhancing drugs he supplied.
4			suite	system	software	vendor	project			government procurement cannot save china 'sl software industry recently, the government procurement office of beijing municipality issued the notice of beijing municipal information office on the result of the government procurement project for copyrighted software vendors of computer operating systems, office suites
4			champion	team	development	technology	season			tcs in it deal for ferrari f1 car mumbi: tata consultancy services ltd. has tied up with formula one racing car champion ferrari to provide information technology and engineering services for the development of the team 's racing car for the 2005 season.
4			use	technology			panel: let domestic security technology move forward civil liberties and privacy advocacy groups often have the effect of stopping technological innovation when they protest the use of new technologies for domestic security, a technology expert at a washington, d.c., think tank said wednesday.
1			leader	prime	president	minister			ukraine leader, attacking rival, won't halt vote ukraine's president said that if he were prime minister viktor f. yanukovich, he would not participate in a new runoff.
1			election	party	victory	president	win			president's party 'wins kazakh poll' early results suggest the party of kazakh president nazarbayev will win victory in parliamentary elections.
4			top	language	secret	technology			what's your tla iq? acronyms are the secret language of technology and biotech. if you have to ask what they mean, you're not an insider. there are even acronyms on top of acronyms: someone who peppers his speech with tlas is fond of using ''three letter acronyms.
3			value			public value key to bbc websites the bbc is to close some websites and invest in those that add sufficient public value .
3			good			browns' suggs impatient to start waiting has become a part time job for lee suggs, one he'd like to quit for good.
3			investor			state street's lost shirt investors losing their shirts in hollywood is an old story. stars get in their eyes and, before you know it, the money is gone.
2			game	country			paralympics competition begins in athens competition at the 12th paralympic games for disabled athletes gets under way saturday in athens, greece. nearly 4,000 athletes from 136 countries are competing in 19 disciplines over 11 days.
4			platform	upgrade	application	developer			sun upgrades j2se platform application developers are getting a raft of new options this week with sun updating j2se, borland upping its corba ante, and compuware detailing products that will work with microsoft's visual studio 2005 toolbox.
2			fan	game			japanese snap up 200,000 psp video game consoles in two days japanese video game fans have bought nearly all 200,000 playstation portable psp handheld video game machines launched on sunday by sony, the company said.
4			software	scientist	technology	institute			scientists create smart phone that doubles as your nanny scientists at the massachusetts institute of technology mit are working on software that will get to know you as well as your best mate and even offers you advice.
4			code			computer makers sign joint code of conduct the three largest computer makers spearheaded a program today designed to standardize working conditions for their non us workers.
2			game	country			two greek sprinters withdraw perhaps attempting to save their country further embarrassment and fearful of an impending ruling from the international olympic committee, two greek sprinters abruptly withdrew from the olympic games on wednesday.
1			system	politician			vancouver votes in record numbers, rejects ward based electoral system vancouver cp vancouver residents took to the polls in record numbers saturday and voted not to adopt a ward system used by every other major canadian city to elect its municipal politicians.
3			sale	share			nortel posts loss of 6 cents per share nortel networks corp. reported a loss of 6 cents per share in the third quarter and predicted lower sales for 2004 than in 2003 on tuesday, providing some of its first concrete figures for the
4			user			lycos europe cans anti spam effort lycos europe cans anti spam effort lycos europe attempted to get back at the leading spammers of the world through an initiative called makelovenotspam. the move was applauded by the ordinary user of the web considering more than a lakh users downloaded the screensaver from the official website. however, many isps and ...
4			user	project			google plans to bring libraries online google is back with another project that will help users find priceless information on the internet, via googles print program.
2			run	game			finnish watchdog raps tv game operators finland's consumer watchdog said on monday it had reprimanded broadcasters for causing children to run up huge mobile phone bills with interactive television game and chat programs.
3			gain	stock			sprint agrees to buy nextel for $ 38 bln sprint corp. on wednesday agreed to buy wireless telephone company nextel communications inc. in a cash and stock deal worth as much as $ 38.45 billion to gain more business customers and more wireless airwaves to transmit calls.
4			technology			level 3 to buy sprint 's dial up business com october 1, 2004, 10:51 am pt. there 's no doubt the internet will continue to make its mark in the world of business and technology.
4			system	suite			cisco extends catalyst switching products for smbs cisco systems has released a suite of new cisco catalyst switching products and services specifically designed and priced for small and medium sized businesses smbs .
4			database	ibm	linux	technology			ibm promises new db2 will take better care of itself ibm will begin shipping a new db2 universal database next week that has more self managing capabilities, extended linux support, and geospatial technology.
4			silicon			the new silicon valley: a dog eat dog world may i buy your beloved pet dog, just so i can take him around back and shoot him? that 's how the chief executive of peoplesoft, craig conway, described oracle 's hostile bid for his company
1			politics	deputy	president			i bankrolled zuma shaik businessman schabir shaik has acknowledged he bankrolled deputy president jacob zuma, claiming that he did so to enable zuma to stay in politics.
4			microsoft	feature	version			cut down windows xp released in india microsoft has developed a cut down version of windows xp with a hindi interface for the indian market. the indian version, which will be available early next year, will also feature help and training in hindi.
3			growth	investment			ofcom unveils uk sector proposals ofcom today published its proposals to support the growth of greater competition, innovation and investment certainty in the uk telecommunications sector.
3			sale			apple sells 200 million songs on itunes apple computer inc. aapl.o: quote, profile, research on thursday said sales of songs bought from its market leading itunes online music store had topped 200 million, a figure that
1			reform	country	president			romanians vote for president outspoken bucharest mayor traian basescu in a key vote for the balkan country 's european union accession path. mountain of reforms necessary for its planned 2007 eu entry.
1			leader			marathon leader pushed off road by protester vanderlei de lima of brazil was pushed off the road by a lone protester while leading the men's olympic marathon on sunday.
4			system	glitch			paypal delivers online payment woes more than five days of repairs have failed to fix a so called glitch in the computer systems of paypal, the so called online payment outfit.
2			cup	race	win			singletary executes chatlos plan, wins cup race as 16 to 1 ... when trainer donald chatlos brought singletary to bay meadows to win the san francisco breeders cup mile on april 24, it was part of a much bigger plan.
2			football			hughes leaves a void ian walsh mark hughes decision to take the blackburn job is bad news for wales, there 's no doubt about that. mark has brought a lot of dignity back to welsh football, taking us up from around 100 in the world rankings
4			sale	technology	price			infineon execs pleading guilty in u.s. dram probe four sales executives of german chip maker infineon technologies ag have agreed to plead guilty to participating in a conspiracy to fix the prices of computer memory chips, the u.s. department of justice said on thursday.
4			system	top	code			advertisers go digital to track ads top marketers are going digital to track the delivery of commercials into u.s. homes with a system some advocates say will revolutionize advertising the way product codes changed the selling of sliced bread.
4			use	tool	software	application			blue titan adds reliable messaging to soa tool attempting to fine tune its software for use in business critical applications, blue titan software on monday is unveiling network director rm reliable messaging , a tool for policy distribution and messaging in soas service oriented architectures .
1			science	debate			contraception controversy advances in medical science should lead to improvements in birth control methods but current debates remain hung up on teenagers' sex lives. adult women and men looking for better options shouldn't be left out in the cold. commentary by gina lynn.
2			tour	race	sport			lance armstrong ponders options armstrong might not compete in 2005 tour de france: in his strongest comments yet on next year 's tour de france, lance armstrong said he is unsure if he will ride in the sport 's showcase event because he would like to compete in other races.
4			processor	fall	race	single	core	technology	server	high	computing			clearspeed races ahead on processor cores clearspeed technology has doubled the performance of its high performance computing co processor for scientific workstations and server clusters by incorporating 96 separate processing cores on a single chip, the company announced wednesday at the fall processor forum in san jose, california.
4			system			benefits computer failure chaos a huge systems crash causes delays in processing some claims at the work and pensions department.
3			enterprise	vendor	telephony			update: avaya to buy german ip telephony vendor u.s. telecommunications equipment maker avaya inc. increased its presence in europe to the tune of about $ 635 million on tuesday, agreeing to acquire german enterprise communications vendor tenovis gmbh co. kg.
4			system	hit			northwest 's net move hits more turbulence galileo international is cutting privileges for northwest airlines on its travel reservation system, after the airline said it would put an extra charge on bookings made outside its web site.
2			cricket	tournament	sport			ten sports and sony to assist bcci in live coverage : sports india: cricket gt; kolkata, sep 30 : the ongoing battle for telecast rights took a new twist today with the cricket board announcing that it would arrange for live coverage of the upcoming tournaments with the help of ten sports and sony
2			title	championship	team	series	unbeaten	game	bowl			let the games begin we are down to seven unbeaten teams with bowl championship series title game aspirations. idealistically, all but boise state have a chance at getting to the orange bowl.
4			user	value	feature			google adwords traffic estimator explained google adwords traffic estimator explained google added this great feature that helps adwords customers figure out an estimated level of traffic that they should expect to see based on the cpc value and keyword phrase. but ad features are added, it adds an additional level of complexity for the end user...
4			integration			oracle biding time while court tackles peoplesoft takeover get inq7 breaking news on your smart mobile phone in the philippines. send inq7 breaking to 386. san francisco oracle corp. is biding its time and preparing for the integration of peoplesoft
2			talk	sport	holding	version			espn in talks to set up european sports channel walt disney owned sports channel espn is holding talks with broadcasters in europe about launching a european version of its 24 hour u.s. channel.
4			software			peoplesoft trial ends with whimper a fourth independent director for the software company took the stand friday.
4			application			university entry overhaul backed students should be able to make their university applications after their a level results, says an official report.
4			ibm	software	hardware	server			ibm cuts blade servers for smbs ibm friday sharpened it blade offerings to target small and midsize businesses with the announcement of new hardware and software bundles.
2			medal	sport			three more appeals lodged against olympic medal results the sports world 's highest court has received three new appeals involving medals in gymnastics, weightlifting and track and field awarded at last month 's athens olympics.
2			athletics	team	play	hit	player	coach	kick	sport			croissants, coffee and a kickoff when the alarm goes off today for the players at boise state and san jose state, they'll yawn, stretch and mutter something like, it must be noon somewhere. think television is an innocent bystander in college sports? if so, hit the snooze button. the broncos and spartans will kick off their western athletic conference tilt at 9:02 a.m. pacific time, for the benefit of espn2. to adjust, boise state coach dan hawkins has had the team up at 5 a.m. all week. we're used to having to play whenever espn wants to cover it, boise state's daryn colledge told the idaho statesman. ah, the purity of college athletics.
4			grid	science	ibm	computing	project			'world community grid' seeks to harness unused computers ibm and officials from leading science, education and philanthropic organizations yesterday launched a global grid computing project aimed at helping solve a variety of health issues and other scientific problems.
4			software	microsoft			microsoft to go on hiring spree in a strategic move to strengthen its presence in the growing economy, microsoft, the world 's largest software company inaugurated its new campus at manikonda, on the outskirts of hyderabad, andhra pradesh.
3			producer	share			harmony bids $ 8 bn to take over rival gold fields johannesburg: south africas harmony gold has pounced on bigger domestic rival gold fields with an unsolicited, all share takeover bid worth about $ 8bn to create the worlds biggest gold producer.
1			play	politics	good	win			politics over policy when it comes down to a choice between good politics and good policy, which usually wins? let 's put it this way: we don 't call it the political play of the week for nothing.
4			generation			sanyo to jointly develop hd dvd with toshiba, nec osaka, aug 31, 2004 kyodo via comtex sanyo electric co. will jointly develop a next generation dvd format, called hd dvd, with toshiba corp.
2			career			charlie sifford is right where he belongs the humbling, career defining moment charlie sifford never truly believed could ever be his had arrived. doors were being held open.
3			chain	stock			hca to let employees cash in stock options faster hospital chain hca said yesterday it will allow employees and its executives to cash in certain stock options earlier than was originally scheduled, a move that could be a financial plus for
4			desktop	technology			gateway launches first btx desktop pc employing the latest in pc technology, the gateway 700gr is designed on intel 's highly anticipated btx architecture, which aligns key components in a central wind tunnel.
1			relation	president			chirac calls for closer ties visiting french president jacques chirac yesterday pushed for stronger economic and political ties with china, emphasizing mutual respect and equality in foreign relations in his speech at tongji university in shanghai.
1			country	president			colombia explodes 6,800 land mines as victims look on colombia's armed forces blew up 6,800 stockpiled land mines yesterday as president alvaro uribe, queen noor of jordan, and dozens of mine blast victims watched on large screens, launching an effort aimed at ridding the country of the weapons.
4			processor	amd	technology	series			via announces support for new amd cpus via technologies today announced that its via k8t890 series chipsets will support the new amd athlon 64 fx 55 processor and amd athlon 64 processor 4000.
4			infrastructure	priority	identity	enterprise	software	project			siebel moves toward self repairing software com october 11, 2004, 3:34 pm pt. this fourth priority 's main focus has been enterprise directories as organizations spawn projects around identity infrastructure.
3			speed	sale	share			morrison speeds rebranding of safeway stores wm morrison shares jumped sharply yesterday after it reported strong sales at safeway stores converted to the morrisons name and said it would speed
3			investor	shareholder	share			business news briefs: 11 27 04 a mylan laboratories shareholder is suing the canonsburg generic drug maker and its directors, saying they have failed their fiduciary obligations by not considering billionaire investor carl icahn 's $ 20 per share offer for the company.
4			hit	software			doom 3: resurrection of evil id software et activision ont annonc hier le dveloppement d une extension pour leur hit doom 3. baptise doom 3: resurrection of evil , cette extension proposera de nouveaux environnement de jeu, de nouveaux personnages et de nouvelles armes, avec
3			earnings			update 3 winnebago earns up on diesel mobile home demand recreational vehicle maker winnebago industries inc. wgo.n: quote, profile, research reported stronger than expected quarterly earnings on thursday as more people
4			high	technology			internet bigwigs upbeat some of the high technology industry 's biggest executives, pontificators and bloggers assembled over three days this week in san francisco, ending thursday, to opine about the web 's future.
4			use	application	version			intuit digs deeper into small businesses a simplified version of the quickbooks application will target sole proprietors and other small firms that use basic accounting methods.
1			presidency	opposition			intense campaign down to the wire in ukraine viktor yushchenko, the leading opposition candidate for the presidency of ukraine, planned to hold a rally on tuesday in a central square in this small city.
2			play	game			china continues internet crackdown fines worth more than $ 12 million us were imposed on those establishments that allowed children to play violent or adult only games and for other violations.
2			championship			armenian supremacy for agassi they played for the championship of armenia yesterday at flushing meadow, where a collateral event, the us open, was also in progress.
2			game	sale			governor keeps dirty video games away from minors gov. rod blagojevich has taken an aggressive stand on exposure of illinoiss minors to violent and sexually explicit video games, by proposing a ban on the sale of the video games.
4			tool	good			don't fear internet anonymity tools there are lots of good reasons for 'net anonymity.
4			technology			google tests short message service there 's no doubt the internet will continue to make its mark in the world of business and technology. its maintained is position for the past year.
1			president	coup			armenian accused gives evidence in coup case the trial of 18 men charged with plotting to oust equatorial guinean president teodoro obiang nguema went into a fourth day on thursday, with an armenian pilot accused of being a hired gun for the coup bid giving evidence.
1			technique	debate			new technique stirs a debate in cardiology a new method of diagnosing heart disease takes only seconds to conduct, but critics say the technique is ripe for overuse.
4			user	content	microsoft	computing	access			microsoft unveils windows xp media center edition 2005 microsoft has unveiled its windows xp media centre edition 2005, its media centric computing offering, which allows users to access the usual capabilities of a windows xp based pc but focussed on delivering media content such as music, digital photography
4			user	team	system	integration	access			nokia, land rover team on in vehicle system with nokia 's personal telephone integration system, users can access key mobile phone functions, such as viewing and selecting phonebook entries, initiating and receiving incoming calls, viewing
4			system	enterprise			sap launches security service sap ag unveils a service that evaluates security settings across a customer 's sap enterprise system. sap ag on wednesday unveiled a service that evaluates security settings across a customer 's sap enterprise system.
2			sport	killing			nbc exec dick ebersol survives jet crash nbc sports chairman dick ebersol and his college aged son emerged from the fiery wreckage of a corporate jet after it crashed during takeoff and burst into flames, killing two crew members. rescuers were still searching for ebersol's younger son, whose seat was missing from the smoldering ruins.
4			design	system	networking			initiative to advance community of electronics ... in a step sure to spark major innovation in the design of consumer electronics, networking, automotive, and it systems, 15 companies today announced their intention to form power.
3			share			palm os pda shipments crash windows mobile in a massive popularity shift, of the 2.8 million pdas that were shipped globally last quarter, windows mobile took a 48.1 market share while the palm os took a meager 29.
3			growth	investment			analyst firm predicts e commerce upswing it investments in web sites, combined with greater acceptance of online shopping on the part of consumers, will drive the growth.
3			shareholder			ca shareholders reject compensation proposal computer associates shareholders have defeated a stockholder proposal calling for current and former executives to return bonuses based on restated results, the company said.
2			game			youngsters ready to make mark in track a new wave of talent will be on display when track and field takes center stage at the olympic games.
4			technique			best of ect news biometrics: thinkpad and beyond everything is a trade off, and the techniques used to find the bad guys will be balanced by our democracy and drive for rights of privacy, said security expert evan scott.
3			holding			black quits as hollinger inc. ceo former newspaper baron conrad black resigned as chairman and chief executive of hollinger inc. on tuesday, in an expected move designed to help him take the canadian holding company private.
4			system			smiths group to buy medex for $ 625 million in cash smiths group plc, which makes insulin pumps and anthrax detection systems for the us postal service, agreed to buy medex inc. for $ 625 million in cash to expand its medical equipment division.
4			exhibition	expo	technology			dubai it expo opens dubai: the middle east 's largest technology exhibition, gitex, opened yesterday with the international it industry out in full force to showcase the latest market innovations to an expected 100,000 visitors.
4			spur	science	technology	series			new x prize sets sights on science, technology and social solutions the x prize foundation and the world technology network announced today the formation of a joint venture to launch a series of technology incentive prizes to help spur innovation and breakthroughs in a range of scientific arenas.
4			silicon	ibm	speed	technology			new computer chip built for speed ibm and advanced micro devices have announced that they have produced a silicon chip with a marked improvement in speed by using strained silicon technology.
3			shareholder			$ 8.8m oracle bid nears judgment day two major peoplesoft inc. shareholders yesterday indicated they would split their votes on whether to accept oracle corp's $ 8.8 billion hostile takeover bid.
2			use	sport			revelations only confirm suspicions about drugs only the nave or willfully ignorant seem not to understand that drug use has been widespread for many years in elite sport. the
2			coach	top	club			rossi named new atalanta coach serie a strugglers atalanta have named delio rossi as their new coach, the club announced on its website on tuesday. rossi, the 44 year old who previously coached salerno and lecce in italy 's top flight, replaces andrea mandorlini.
3			profit	sale	earnings			goodrich posts higher 3rd quarter profit aircraft brake and landing gear maker goodrich corp. on tuesday posted higher quarterly sales and earnings and raised its full year forecasts as an improving market for aircraft equipment boosted demand for its products.
2			ncaa	reform	president	sport			escalation of success is groundwork for disaster with a package of academic reforms in place, the ncaa 's next crusade will address what its president calls a dangerous drift toward professionalism and sports entertainment.
3			finance			how google floated past wall st by going dutch, the geeks of the search engine taught the bankers a lesson in finance, writes john naughton. if you were seeking a case study in schadenfreude, then last week 's coverage of the google flotation
1			leader	summit	minister			japan, china leaders agree to meeting the leaders of japan and china agreed to a one on one meeting on the sidelines of a summit, overcoming a diplomatic impasse between the asian powers that have been increasingly at odds. the breakthrough came as ministers for 21 pacific rim economics pledged thursday work hard for the passage of a global trade treaty.
2			speed	team	race	season	coach	cup			american men picking up speed in a quiet moment the day before the first world cup race this season, us ski team men 's coach phil mcnichol scoffed at those who were predicting a duel for supremacy between the mighty austrians and the upstart americans.
4			leader	software			peoplesoft fires ceo craig conway in a surprise move, business software maker peoplesoft inc. fired ceo craig conway friday, saying it has has lost confidence in the feisty leader who engineered the company's dogged resistance to a 7.7 billion takeover bid by rival oracle corp.
4			hardware	desktop	tool	vendor	technology	integration	source	version			mozilla considers desktop search integration for firefox having launched the much awaited version 1.0 of the firefox browser on tuesday, the mozilla foundation is busy planning future enhancements to the open source product, including the possibility of integrating it with a variety of desktop search tools. the mozilla foundation also wants to place firefox in pcs through oem original equipment manufacturer deals with pc hardware vendors and to continue to sharpen the product's pop up ad blocking technology.
4			patent	technology			rfid royalties suspended for testing intermec technologies will not seek payments for patents in the radio tracking technology for 60 days. why?
4			animal	reserve	researcher	technology			wireless network links researchers in panda preserve giant pandas might prefer bamboo to laptops, but wireless technology is helping researchers in china in their efforts to protect the endangered animals in the wolong nature reserve.
4			platform	email	software	development	server	source	version			open source community cuts netline 's development time software company netline claims its decision to open source the latest version of its email server platform has reduced the development time for the new release by a factor of 10.
3			sale			ford, gm october sales skid daimler 's sales rose 4.7 to 188,492 vehicles from 185,535 a year ago. year to date, sales were up 3 to 1.8 million, while us sales at its mercedes benz unit slipped to 18,323 from 19,273.
3			profit	gain	earnings			philips q3 earnings soar on one time gains third quarter profits at koninklijke philips electronics nv surged on one time gains from stakes sold in two companies floated on the capital market, europe 's largest consumer electronics maker said tuesday in a statement.
4			software			former software executive charged the former chairman of us software firm computer associates is charged with securities fraud in connection with a $ 2.2bn accounting scandal.
2			tennis	player	walk	sport			a sport salutes its jackie robinson it is impossible for young tennis players today to know what it was like to be althea gibson and not to be able to walk in the front door, garrison said.
4			dow	holding	technology			china 's tcl communication lists on hk main board sep 27 hong kong dow jones tcl communication technology holdings ltd. , china 's fourth largest handset maker, said sunday it will list by way of introduction on the hong kong main board on sept.
4			lab	high	software	team			yahoo buys bloomba; plans chennai operations internet major yahoo inc will have a 25 member high skilled software professional team in chennai, after it acquired us based stata labs.
3			chain			supermarket chain morrison sells 114 stores william morrison, the fourth largest grocery chain, said it had agreed to sell 114 stores to rival somerfield for 260 million pounds.
4			enterprise	vulnerability	standard	application	flaw			blocking jpegs no defense against windows vulnerability one of the standard security tactics enterprises apply won 't work when defending pcs against threats posed by the image processing flaw found last week in windows and numerous applications, security experts said tuesday.
3			profit	sale	share			lending keeps ford profit up; sales sputtering buoyed again by strong results at its financial services arm, ford swung to a profit of $ 266 million in the third quarter even though the loss at its worldwide automotive operations widened and its market share in the key us market fell by more than a
2			player			photo: gateway's mp3 photo jukebox player the pc maker is coming out with its own hard drive based mp3 player a miniature unit that displays color photos.
3			minority	enterprise			cox enterprises to buy cox public stake cox enterprises inc. on tuesday said it will purchase cox communications inc.'s minority public stake for 8.3 billion, in a move to privatize the publicly traded cable company and insulate it from the short term demands of wall street.
4			spokesman	system	technology	development	application			ford shelves oracle based procurement system after nearly five years of development work, ford motor co. will dismantle an oracle based procurement application and shift back to earlier technology, a company spokesman confirmed thursday.
2			united	final	team	game	match			check fridays and mondays for weekly team updates and match ... i admit it, most of my notes for this game considered of iy shannon and mr. and mrs. dan boxx. oh, and looking up the united states all time record for olympic finals played in cities called athens... by dan loney. there 's only one story this week
4			system	microsystems			mcnealy: sun micro gambles on free operating system more than one way to skin a market. sun microsystems nasdaq: sunw news people believes the pricing on solaris 10 will be irresistible: nada.
3			top	sale			is monster for sale? the online employment site remains at the top, but the rest of the field is gaining ground.
1			crisis	country	president			philippines vows no default on debt payments the philippine presidential palace vowed tuesday there would be no default on debt payments although president gloria macapagal arroyo admitted the country was in the midst of a fiscal crisis.
2			january	british	sport			sports: date set for bertuzzi 's trial vancouver, british columbia todd bertuzzi bur too zee of the vancouver canucks goes on trial january 17th on an assault charge.
1			party	election			many bosnians stay away from elections disillusioned by officials' failure to improve bosnia's economy, many voters stayed away from municipal elections on saturday, while preliminary results indicated that the three nationalist parties were in the lead.
1			russia	politics	measure	play			will putin's power play make russia safer? not if you believe his critics, who say the new measures are all about politics
1			white	politics	talk	animal			coyotes roam, not far from white house coyotes, the rangy animals associated with the american west, have been spotted in the u.s. capital for the first time, sparking gossip in precincts where talk usually turns on politics.
4			science			by: debra cotterill, family and consumers sciences agent mason ... many people who have never bounced a check in their life could soon bounce their first check if they write checks to pay bills a couple of days before their paycheck is deposited into their checking account.
4			software			founder, chairman called heart of software company when peoplesoft inc. fired chief executive craig conway on friday, the business software maker didn 't have to look long or far to find a suitable replacement.
4			microsoft	software	win	technology	high	standard			microsoft wins a high definition dvd battle blu ray on wednesday said microsoft corp. has won the dvd technology group's backing of a video compression standard for new high definition discs, marking an advance for the software maker in an emerging consumer electronics arena.
3			stock			stocks 2005: make sure risks are compensated! bill mann looks back at the returns from the three previous years of our annual stock guide.
4			graphic	game	feature	alternative			opengl galvanizes game graphics the graphics library, an alternative to microsoft's directx, gets new features designed to add razzle dazzle to pc games.
1			party	victory	election			india's congress set to form govt in key state india's ruling congress party won power in a key state on saturday after it emerged as the largest group in elections, the first major political test since its victory in national polls in may.
3			stock			bank of montreal to expand harris bank of montreal, canada 's fifth largest bank, said wednesday it plans to buy privately held mercantile bancorp inc., as well as the stock of lake commercial corp.
2			stadium			caesars plans vast london casino us casino giant caesars plans to build a 335m gambling and leisure resort beside the new wembley stadium in london, its first foray into europe.
2			game	sale			square enix, gamemakers count on sony, nintendo to boost sales square enix, the world 's biggest maker of role playing computer games, and rivals including koei co. are counting on the new consoles from japan 's sony corp.
1			president			nintendo president shrugs off psp following on from the hugely successful launch of the nintendo ds across america and japan, satoru iwata president nintendo co. has today shrugged off the challenge of the impending release of the sony psp.
4			feature	technology			caller id: do you really know who 's calling? this week, a company is launching technology that will make it possible for someone to choose what appears on phones that have caller id, the feature for displaying identifying information about an incoming call.
3			share			netflix, tivo to develop joint product online dvd rental service netflix inc. and tivo inc., maker of a digital video recorder, on thursday said they have agreed to develop a joint entertainment offering, driving shares of both companies higher.
3			growth			economists see gdp easing to 4.3 us economic growth should slow over the coming year as consumers cut back on spending, but improved business confidence should help hiring, a wide ranging survey of forecasters found.
2			goal	game	sport			espn ahead of the game twenty five years ago this tuesday, a brash startup cable channel with a strange name began broadcasting. its goal: provide sports programming 24 hours a day. the concept behind espn was solid, but the execution was shaky in those early days of bouncing a signal off a satellite from a half built building in a muddy field in then rural bristol, conn. today, ...
4			technology			fitting your pc in a pocket oqo, a tiny 14 ounce windows xp computer, may just be the most elegant and versatile miniature pc possible with current technology.
1			leadership	military	president			zemin resigns as head of the china 's military commission china 's president hu jintao has succeeded jiang zemin as head of the powerful military commission, the government said sunday, completing china 's first peaceful leadership transition since its 1949 revolution.
3			share	investor	growth	earnings	outlook	management			anheuser busch reaffirms outlook anheuser busch cos. on tuesday reaffirmed its outlook for earnings per share growth for both 2004 and 2005. in a presentation to investors and analysts, management said the company expects earnings per share
4			user	design	feature	estate			new design for my yahoo adds screen real estate new design for my yahoo adds screen real estate yahoo is now allowing my yahoo users to test out the new my yahoo layout. yahoo! lists the new features to be found at the new my yahoo here. jeremy zawodny has some great information on this in his entry named new ...
4			tool	management	vendor	technology	use			plm vendors eye smbs with alliances, tools a growing interest in product life cycle management capabilities by small and midsize manufacturing companies is fueling vendor attempts to make plm technologies easier to deploy and use.
3			growth	profit			olympics boosts wpp growth wpp, the world's third largest advertising services group, has reported 15 growth in profits in the first half of the year.
4			development	generation	developer			climax peeks at next gen consoles independent developer climax announced today the development of avalon, a multi vehicle shooter designed for next generation consoles.
4			user	skype	voip	networking	technology	version			skype for pocket pc allows free voip phone calls skype technologies has launched skype for pocket pc version 1.0, which allows users to make skype voice calls for free using wi fi wireless networking.
4			system	microsystems	software	source			sun to offer new solaris as open source software it cost sun microsystems $ 5 billion to develop solaris, a powerful computer operating system used by governments and giant corporations worldwide.
2			game	team			blazers' randolph fined for missing flight trail blazers forward zach randolph was fined and had to pay his own way to sunday's game at the toronto raptors after missing portland's team flight. the plane left portland at 8 a.m. on saturday, and randolph said he woke up at 8:45 a.m.
1			party	democrat	reform			democrat elected as powerful belgrade mayor serbia's pro reform democratic party candidate won the powerful post of belgrade mayor in the runoff vote on sunday, beating an ultra nationalist rival, according to a preliminary result by independent monitors.
4			silicon	software	round			bruising oracle peoplesoft battle revived by court ruling a bruising silicon valley takeover battle was set for another round after a judge ruled oracle can pursue its 7.7 billion dollar hostile takeover bid for rival business software maker peoplesoft.
4			management	development	integration	language	standard			data center markup language finds home in oasis a proposed standard to enable integration, automation and better management of data center components this week will begin development under the direction of a new standards
4			bargain	retailer	technology			web retailers facing pre holiday changes it 's a great time to be an internet shopper, but the same search technology that is transforming the web into a bargain hunter 's paradise is putting the squeeze
2			stadium	williams	team			help for home team mayor anthony williams is exploring ways to raise money to invest in neighborhoods and schools and allay critics of the mayor's plan to pay for a stadium.
4			feature	pentium	technology			intel sets cruise control on pentium 4 chipmaker to focus on technology and features instead of megahertz.
2			graphic	good	game			review: nintendo ds computerworld's game expert reports: great graphics, good ergonomics and a decent launch library of games.
1			leader	prime	country	minister			iceland's leader takes new job iceland prime minister david oddsson, europe's longest serving premier, is stepping down after a 13 year tenure marked by the transformation of his island country with free market policies.
2			victory	game	team	sport			clippers escape with victory over bobcats like any team bent on abiding by an unwritten rule of following sports cliches, the clippers say they, yawn, take their games one at a time.
2			game	title			a look around conference usa the postponement of two games combined with several enigmatic performances by rumored contenders only served to muddle the conference usa title picture heading into week 4. fortunately, the
3			ship	sale			justices wade into wine sales doug lavelle, owner of elmira based lavelle vineyards, says his winery and customers would benefit tremendously if he could ship wine directly to consumers in all 50 states.
1			presidency	prime	election	minister			romania pm, bucharest mayor face off for presidency romanian prime minister adrian nastase and popular bucharest mayor traian basescu face off in a presidential election runoff on sunday seen as key for the balkan country's european union accession path.
1			leader	peace	talk			china rejects taiwan talks appeal china rejects the taiwan leader's call for peace talks and warns against moves towards independence.
2			premiership	football	club			premiership: harry redknapp quits portsmouth nobody really expected harry redknapp to stay at portsmouth football club for very much longer, but the announcement of his decision to resign today november 24 is perhaps still a little surprising.
4			president	technology			iran says it's ready to prove not pursuing nuke weapons iran is ready to prove to the world it is not producing atomic weapons provided the west recognizes the islamic republic's right to peaceful nuclear technology, president mohammad khatami said wednesday.
4			grid	microsystems	team	software	technology			proxima technology teams with sun microsystems on n1 grid business wire ct. 27, 2004 xima technology today announced centauri business service manager tm software as an integral element of sun microsystems nasdaq: sunw much heralded
4			speed			intel cancels plans for 4gh p4 in the latest change to its product line up, intel has cancelled plans to release a 4 gigahertz computer microprocessor, saying it would rely approaches besides faster clock speed to improve the performance of chips.
2			coach	season			kentucky vs. louisville coaches: tubby smith 197 53, eighth season; 321 115, 14th season overall , kentucky; rick pitino 70 31, fourth season; 422 155, 19th season overall , louisville.
3			share			loss doubles on costs; shares slump plc, the uk 's largest internet travel company, said its fourth quarter loss more than doubled as costs for closing offices and cutting jobs exceeded forecasts.
2			space	game			how computer games grew up they used to be for kids. space invaders, pong, doom, some of them were shoot em up fun, others were just, well, fun. but computer games have changed.
3			server	enterprise			briefly: peoplesoft extends customer assurance roundup plus: siebel moves toward self repairing software...monster says it could enter japan by mid 2005...novell to release open enterprise server.
3			nation	profit	value	stock			firms told to omit options from profit the nation 's accounting rulemaker decided yesterday that companies will have to begin deducting the value of stock options from their profits next year, reining
2			match			agassi makes short work of vliegen andre agassi made short work of kristof vliegen in his opening stockholm open match on wednesday, beating the belgian 6 2, 6 4 in just over an hour.
1			leader	president	opposition			ukraine candidate placates 'foes' ukraine's opposition leader viktor yushchenko says there will be no political witch hunt if he becomes president.
2			coach			ohio state's sullinger disciplined junior guard j.j. sullinger has been disciplined for being charged with drunken driving but there are no plans to suspend him, ohio state coach thad matta said friday.
4			processor	upgrade	core	version			sun launches ultrasparc iv sun microsytems inc. on tuesday unveiled an upgrade of its dual core ultrasparc processor, which the company claims is twice as fast as the older version.
2			coach	cricket	team			simons resigns as south africa coach the recent poor performances by the south african cricket team has found its first casualty in coach eric simons, who resigned from his post today.
4			platform	microsoft	suite	tool	development	code	application			compuware readies tools for microsoft apps development compuware plans to enhance its suite of products for the microsoft development platform, with tools to improve application performance, code quality, and security.
4			vendor	cell	qualcomm	technology			qualcomm 's field of streams if you build it, they will come... or so qualcomm hopes. the wireless chip and technology vendor is betting that if it constructs a nationwide network to stream television over cell phones, cellular
2			winner	match			petrova out, kuznetsova advances at wta moscow russians were winners in four of five matches played wednesday at the atp stop in moscow, with the only upset caused by italian francesca schiavone knocking out no.
4			graphic	standard	card	content			graphic content: is it time to take the pci express? if you re planning a pc purchase, you have to decide whether the time has come to let your graphics ride the pci express. the new standard replaces the pci and agp slots that connect graphics cards and other components to your pc.
4			generation			mexican americans struggle for jobs in a strange post industrial twist, most people who have lost their jobs in the garment industry are first generation mexican women.
1			race	election			embattled salt lake mayor quits race county mayor nancy workman, facing criminal charges of misspending taxpayer money, announced she was withdrawing from the nov. 2 election.
4			patent	game	feature			nintendo patents key console online gaming features newly granted ip extends 1999 net connected video game patent
2			brian	play	philadelphia	chicago	game	sport			urlacher not expected to play sunday lake forest, il sports network chicago bears standout linebacker brian urlacher has been downgraded to doubtful for sunday 's game against philadelphia.
4			feature			reebok revives pump sneaker the shoe features an air chamber that molds itself to the shape of the wearer 's foot. but unlike its pump predecessor, the new shoe inflates itself automatically.
2			play	fan	game	team			italian team ordered to play without fans the italian team lazio was ordered friday to play its next european game without fans as punishment for a game last month marked by racial taunts from the stands.
3			share			in brief inphonic, a washington reseller of wireless phones, priced a proposed public offering at $ 15 to $ 17 a share, which would raise $ 90 million to $ 102 million.
4			java	software	management	project	source			jboss introduces workflow software open source software company jboss has introduced jboss jbpm 2.0, a workflow engine developed in conjunction with the java business process management jbpm project.
2			nfl	play	feature	game	sport			midway sending an all out blitz new m rated, non nfl game will feature off field political fallout, on field unnecessary roughness, and post play partying. at least one sports video game publisher in the industry isn 't bothered by the exclusive
4			development			state: california gained 4,900 payroll jobs in september california 's economy gained 4,900 payroll jobs in september, the state 's employment development department said monday.
2			match	classic			your verdict: ot aftermath it might not have been a classic in straight footballing terms, but as a spectacle it certainly lived up to the hype, and the fallout from that match at old trafford last sunday has kept the inmates here at soccernet towers thoroughly entertained.
1			leader	party	high	opposition			high profile bjp leader suspended india's main opposition party takes action against senior party member uma bharti after a public row.
2			player	coach	development			world ; australian board congratulates new windies coach over many years, bennett king has made an outstanding contribution to the progress and development of australia 's emerging players, said robertson.
2			party	game			for jets, it was a coming out party for revamped defense the coming out party began in the tunnel before the game when jets defensive coordinator donnie henderson bumped into owner woody johnson.
1			affair			hillary rosen loves larry lessig in wired, hillary rosen, the former head of the recording industry ass. of america, writes of her love affair with... no way dude. yep. larry lessig, her long time foe who started the creative commons.
4			generation			slaves' descendants should get tax exemption: us senate hopeful american descendants of african slaves should be exempted from us federal taxes for a generation or two to compensate them for the state sanctioned exploitation of their ancestors, an aspiring us senate hopeful declared.
4			upgrade	networking	version			intel gives centrino chip a wi fi boost the upgrade enables the chip to also connect to less common 802.11a and 802.11i versions of wi fi. san francisco: intel corp. said it has upgraded the wireless networking capabilities of its centrino line
4			ship	technology			seagate ships world 's largest hd seagate technology today announced that it has shipped the world 's largest pc hard drive to various retail outlets.
3			system	shareholder	fund			funds seek disney change four major pension funds, including the california public employees retirement system, said tuesday that they will push for shareholders to be able to nominate up
2			raven	team	win	season			chiefs 1st win of season stuns ravens defense the kansas city chiefs bullied the baltimore ravens with a dominant performance that belied their stature as a winless team.
1			minister			iran will never hide nuclear activities: fm iranian foreign minister kamal kharazi said on tuesday that iran would never conduct nuclear activities in hiding, the official irna news agency reported.
3			trading			oft probes online grocers bills the office of fair trading is investigating uk supermarkets' online shops over alleged unfair pricing policies.
4			tool			autosketch makes 2d drawings easier the autosketch 9 program supports powerful tools for drafting and other precise drawing.
2			game	president			ipc president phil craven a few moments of his life at the opening ceremony of the 12th paralympic games, phil craven, mbe, congratulated athens and all its citizens that have contributed to getting the city ready for the paralympic games.
2			player	president			bollywood superstar bachchan joins mandela's anti aids campaign bollywood superstar amitabh bachchan has been appointed a key player in an anti aids campaign headed by south african former president nelson mandela, according to a statement here.
4			project			tree project to target under 16s woodland conservationists launch a campaign to get children across the uk to plant 12 million trees.
2			game	football	tiger			troy trounces tigers dewhitt betterson lost his shoe, then the football and in a matter of seconds the 19th ranked missouri tigers had lost control of tonights nationally televised game to troy.
4			project	source			jboss unveils workflow engine open source company jboss this week introduced a workflow engine that broadens the company 's middleware stack. jbpm 2.0 was developed with the open source project of the same name
2			round	team	coach	match	sport			voeller resigns as as roma coach rudi voeller resigned as coach of as roma on saturday following a 3 1 loss to nine man bologna in an early fourth round match. franco baldini, sport director of the roman team, told
4			infrastructure			macquarie buys ntl 's tower assets for 1.27 bln pounds a macquarie communications infrastructure group led consortium bought ntl inc. 's antenna towers business in the uk for 1.27 billion pounds $ 2.47 billion .
4			hardware	party	ibm	software	server	access			ibm and intel to open access to bladecenter specs the move will make it easier for third party hardware and software providers to create bladecenter compatible products, giving the server blade market a boost.
1			leader	election	president	win			gop governors cheer election wins buoyed by president bush's re election and a political map with coast to coast republican leaders, gop governors gathered thursday to cheer their electoral fortunes and discuss solving familiar fiscal problems at home.
4			worm	software			sniffing worm snoops network pcs the latest variant of the sdbot worm contain network sniffing software that enables it to retrieve passwords from other computers connected to the target pc.
4			project			zuckerman and financier to back pop culture magazine mortimer b. zuckerman, the owner of the daily news, and jeffrey epstein, a wall street financier, have signed a deal to provide financing for radar magazine, a celebrity and pop culture magazine that published two test issues in 2003. maer roshan, editor in chief, declined to be specific about the level of financial commitment beyond saying it was significant, but he said it was both a relief and very exciting that the project would now have funding.
3			holding			ata holdings corp. announces definitive agreement with airtran ... ata holdings corp. , announced today that the company and its principal subsidiary, ata airlines, inc.
4			piracy	movie	technology			tech firms announce video anti piracy technology nds, stmicroelectronics and thomson said on friday they will develop new encryption technology to foil video piracy, a 3.5 billion problem for broadcasters and movie studios.
4			system	project			eye scanner project scrapped a futuristic eye scanner system at a wearside school is scrapped because it is too slow.
4			auto	spike	technology	fuel			oprah 's auto giveaway fuels web spike com september 17, 2004, 9:32 am pt. there 's no doubt the internet will continue to make its mark in the world of business and technology.
1			election			experts fear messy, disorderly election long lines, malfunctioning machines and dueling lawyers could turn next week's u.s. presidential election and its aftermath into a disorderly and even chaotic experience, political analysts said on tuesday.
4			content			xerces 2.6.1 and bom xml which is utf 16 encoded is supposed to have a prolog first two bytes called a bom of ff fe to signal that the feed you're about to parse is multibyte. the only problem is that and get this xerces doesn't support this prolog! exception in thread main error in building from stream: content is not allowed in prolog.: content is not allowed in prolog. sam ruby was nice enough to put out a bunch of unit tests for utf 16 and they won't even parse within xerces...
4			platform	microsystems	java	upgrade	code			sun to drive mustang as future release of java fresh from introducing a major upgrade to the java platform, sun microsystems officials on thursday revealed some details of the next release of java, code named mustang and expected in spring 2006.
2			championship	champion	final	beat	game			defending champion shabana crashes out of world open squash ... australia 's former champion davidpalmer came back from two games down to beat holder amr shabana ofegypt in the quarter finals of the world open squash championship in doha, qatar, on wednesday.
4			surface	suite	core			touching the tangled sun one of the great mysteries for astronomers is why our sun's surface is so much hotter than its core. the counterintuitive answer, according to a suite of solar observatories, hinges on the sun's tangled magnetic field and deep, fiery waves...
4			system	worm	virus	networking			cisco buys network security company perfigo networking equipment maker cisco systems inc. said that it intends to buy perfigo inc. for $ 74 million in cash, boosting the company's efforts to secure network endpoints and protect them from worms, viruses and hacking.
3			growth	fund	stock			cherry picking growth rural hospitals, car insurers and furniture stores aren't exactly the first businesses that come to mind when talking about growth stocks, but fund manager richard aster jr. picks through such sleepy industries to find growing companies that others have ignored.
2			player	baseball	game			japan baseball players to strike japan's professional baseball players are set to strike for the first time since the game was introduced 70 years ago.
3			holding			longbridge land sold in 15m deal by christopher hope, business correspondent, and harry wallop filed: 22 11 2004 . phoenix venture holdings, the owner of loss making mg rover, has sold off the last remaining major piece of land at its longbridge
4			speed			santander moves to speed abbey acquisition spain s banco santander central hispano yesterday revealed plans to speed up its 8.4bn bid for abbey in an apparent effort to thwart interest from other possible bidders.
1			politician	crime	involvement			brazil laundering probe stings bankers, politicians a brazilian congressional probe accused 91 people, including a former central bank chief and an ex mayor of sao paulo, on tuesday of involvement in suspected laundering of money from drug trafficking, smuggling and other crimes.
4			use	mail	project	technology			yahoo implements domainkeys in its mail service yahoo inc.'s e mail service will use the company's domainkeys authentication technology starting monday, almost a year after yahoo first unveiled this anti spam project.
1			president			schultz: bittersweet as starbucks smith plans to retire news people president and chief executive orin smith on tuesday said he plans to retire early next year, because he wants to slow down.
2			game			work on halo 2 game 'finished' the sequel to the best selling xbox game, halo, is finished, say its makers.
2			cup	game			new blackburn manager hughes to stay on with wales for two games mark hughes took over as manager of blackburn rovers on friday but will still lead wales in its next two world cup qualifying games.
4			high	standard	technology			hollywood divided over next gen dvd standard in betamax style ... hollywood studios are locked in a battle over adopting a standard for high definition digital video disc technology, in an apparent replay of the 1980s struggle between vhs and betamax video formats.
2			goal	soccer	player	team			soccer player loses finger on fence a portuguese soccer player lost a finger when he caught his wedding ring on a fence while celebrating a goal for his swiss team. paolo diogo was injured after his late goal put servette ahead 4 1 sunday against schaffhausen.
2			team			awaiting drug results, hamilton is suspended by his pro team us cyclist tyler hamilton was suspended from his professional team yesterday and put on notice that his contract would be invalidated if he is found guilty of the drug charges against him.
4			development			iran wants to amend nuke freeze, eu says no iran has requested that it be permitted to continue conducting research and development with centrifuges, machines that can be used to develop material for nuclear weapons, diplomats said on wednesday.
3			share			total to buy 25 stake in novatek for about $ 1 bn london, september 22 total sa is planning to acquire a 25 stake plus one share in the largest privately held russian gas company, novatek, in a deal expected to be valued at about $ 1 billion.
4			development	developer			stockland buys lensworth from foster 's for a $ 825 mln stockland bought the lensworth property development business from foster 's group ltd. for a $ 825 million $ 624 million , becoming australia 's biggest residential property developer.
4			system	cell	fuel			more money for fuel cells neah power systems, which develops fuel cells for notebooks, raises $ 12 million in venture funding.
4			system	software	microsoft	flaw			new flaws found in microsoft security internet security experts have found two flaws with microsoft corp's long awaited security update for its windows xp operating system, but the software behemoth insists that the new sp2 is secure.
4			generation			tsunami steals a generation and the future it took just a few seconds for shiva shankari, like her village, to lose her future.
4			trick	silicon			intel to throttle power by enhancing silicon power consumption continues to climb, so intel will reach into the bag of tricks to keep moore's law going.
4			feature			utilizing all the features of google adsense utilizing all the features of google adsense many website owners know that google's adsense program is a great way to show targeted ads on your site and make money at the same time. google offers many features that you may not know about. let's take a look at a few of them. colors: ...
4			software	patch			patches cause headaches for fed managers security managers in government agencies are most worried about patches and the poor quality of commercial software, a survey finds.
4			system	drop	software	project			ford drops oracle based purchasing system ford motor co. on wednesday said it has scrapped a five year old project to move suppliers over to an internet based purchasing system powered by oracle software, deciding instead to revert back to its custom built ...
4			software	microsoft			microsoft brings xp starter software to india the redmond, wash. based software giant on wednesday announced a year long pilot program to start shipping the windows xp starter edition to india in early 2005.
2			midfielder	career	club	sport			american stewart back with venlo amsterdam, the netherlands sports network american international earnie stewart has signed an 18 month contract with vvv venlo, the club where the midfielder began his career.
2			team	coach	football			utah 's meyer confirms he 's headed to florida urban meyer said saturday that it 's official: he 's leaving utah for florida to coach the gators football team.
4			software	researcher			new software detects fake art news: software to help authenticate paintings, prints and drawings has been developed by researchers at dartmouth college in new hampshire in the us.
1			talk			smart, mobile one in talks for tie up philippines mobile phone operator smart communications inc. is in talks with singapore 's mobile one for a possible tie up, businessworld reported monday.
4			victory	technology			small firms vie for slice of security pie small technology businesses in the washington area have learned that breaking into the homeland security business is a lot harder than they'd expected. just getting a call returned or a proposal considered is a victory.
3			buying	value			book value bargains irrational markets can create buying opportunities for those watching the right numbers.
4			application			fcc further deregulates net calls the federal communications commission ruled that states are now barred from imposing telecommunications regulations on net phone providers, which treat calls no differently than any other application on the internet.
2			player	game	president			game recreates jfk 's assassination just in time for monday 's 41st anniversary of president john f. kennedy 's assassination, a tasteless internet game is being launched that lets players be lee harvey oswald.
4			user			google enters online bookstore market us search engine launches a new search service, google print, wednesday oct. 6 . the service will allow users to search books and help publishers promote their books online for free.
4			platform	infrastructure	enterprise	software	technology	source			exo adds portal software to objectweb objectweb, a consortium focused on delivery of open source infrastructure technologies, announced tuesday that exo platform sarl has joined the consortium and that its enterprise portal solution eps will be hosted by objectweb.
1			leader			chilean judge halts his questioning of ailing ex dictator santiago, chile a chilean judge questioned gen. augusto pinochet yesterday about the disappearance of leftist political opponents during his 1973 90 dictatorship, but cut the interrogation short because of the former leader 's poor health.
1			politics	region	country	project			u.s. middle east project to leave politics alone a senior u.s. official appointed to a controversial multi million dollar project to promote democracy in arab countries insists he will not meddle in the politics of the region.
3			shareholder	share			oracle again extends peoplesoft offer oracle corp. has again extended its $ 7.7 billion cash offer for peoplesoft inc. by two weeks. shareholders now have until oct. 22 to tender their shares, oracle said thursday.
1			parliament			blunkett repays lover's rail fare david blunkett repays parliament for a train ticket he gave to his ex lover and apologises for a genuine mistake .
2			run	team	president	sport			mosley dismisses chances of three car teams fia president max mosley has dismissed suggestions that the big teams could run three cars next year after ford 's sudden withdrawl from the sport.
1			election			ukraine cities defy poll result city officials in parts of ukraine refuse to accept the outcome of the presidential election amid mass protests.
4			software			yahoo to buy musicmatch for $ 160m internet portal yahoo inc. said tuesday that it agreed to buy web based digital music and software provider musicmatch inc. for $ 160 million in cash, in a deal which will supplement the offerings of launch, yahoo's digital music site.
2			final	team	development			r24 and rs24: what you want at suzuka the renault f1 teams two technical directors have overseen the final developments for japan in fine detail. heres an explanation
4			ibm	software	feature			ibm rolling out biggest websphere update in 2 years ibm late on tuesday announced the biggest update of its popular websphere business software in two years, adding features such as automatically detecting and fixing problems.
4			tool	software	microsoft	linux			microsoft invests in interoperability specialist the new recipient of redmond's bounty, vintela, sells software that integrates unix and linux tools with windows environments.
2			football			football: man u takeover doubt us tycoon malcolm glazer's plans for a controlling interest in man utd are reportedly close to collapse.
4			platform	microsoft	software			comcast announces broad microsoft tv software deployment comcast cable this month will turn up the first us commercial deployment of microsoft tv foundation edition, a digital cable software platform that includes an interactive program guide and supports dual tuner digital video recording dvr services.
2			hockey	team			60 story building is proposed near nassau coliseum he co owner of the new york islanders hockey team is proposing a 60 story tower in the center of nassau county more than triple the height of the tallest existing building on long island.
2			sport	investment	football	season			football can parallel investment decisions with the pro football season in full swing, it's time again for a superfluous digression into the corollaries between investing and sports. i can already hear some of you groaning, but cut me some slack.
1			talk			vw threatens to cut 30,000 jobs volkswagen says it may need to slash 30,000 jobs if unions refuse to agree to pay freezes at next week's talks.
4			platform	standard	java	developer			nokia, vodafone push for java standards mobile phone giants nokia and vodafone are pushing to create a universal java standard to create a more consistent platform for developers of different handsets.
3			share	enterprise	talk	software	price			talks could again boost oracle 's peoplesoft bid wells fargo securities raised the target price on peoplesoft nasdaq: psft news people to $ 26, following oracle 's increased bid of $ 24 per share for the enterprise software company.
1			concern	election			e voting machine crash deepens election concerns a computer crash that forced a pre election test of electronic voting machines to be postponed was trumpeted by critics as proof of the balloting technology's unreliability.
4			app	java	identity	upgrade	management	technology	server	application			oracle readies major app server upgrade oracle plans tomorrow to introduce oracle application server 10g release 2, a significant upgrade with improvements in java, web services and identity management, as well as support for rfid technology.
2			game	title	developer			wideload games announces first title aspyr media, inc., an entertainment publisher delivering fun in the form of games, music and dvds, and game developer wideload games, inc.
2			jersey	game	win	season			76ers: williamson helps obrien capture first home win from all indications, this is going to be the year of living dangerously for the 76ers. as they have in their four previous games this season, the sixers allowed the new jersey nets to build a big lead in the first half.
4			software			oracle extends offer for peoplesoft business software maker oracle corp. said on thursday it extended again its $ 7.7 billion hostile tender offer for peoplesoft inc.
2			medal	soccer	victory	player	stadium			as it turns out, the greek way proved to be the right way a few us women 's soccer players scooped up small pieces of sod at karaiskaki stadium after their emotional gold medal victory last week.
4			infrastructure	measure	nation	bush	technology			tougher cyber security measures urged a group representing technology industry executives tuesday called on the bush administration to step up efforts to protect the nation's computer and internet infrastructure, and proposed that the position of national cyber security director be elevated.
3			investment			report denies privatization windfall opponents of creating private accounts under social security often argue that the primary beneficiaries would be wall street investment firms. wall street's main trade group on thursday said it isn't so.
4			war	software			ellison tells court oracle may lower bid for peoplesoft oracle corp. chief executive larry ellison testified yesterday that the business software maker is leaning toward lowering its $ 7.7 billion bid for rival peoplesoft inc. , a shift that might create another snag in the takeover tug of war.
4			processor	microsoft	server	high	computing	version			microsoft to skip itanium with supercomputing windows microsoft corp. will support only x86 processors with 64 bit extensions when it releases a special version of windows server for high performance computing hpc next year, leaving support for intel corp.'s itanium 2 for a later, undefined date.
4			processor			intel delays first tv chip in another setback, the chipmaker says a processor for large screen projection tvs won't come out this year.
2			player	good			hodge in for injured ponting almost a year ago, brad hodge wondered if he might be another jamie siddons a good player but unfortunately didn 't get a chance at the next level .
4			software	technology	source			providence, warburg near telcordia deal buyout firms warburg pincus and providence equity partners are close to a deal to buy telecommunications software company telcordia technologies inc. for about $ 1.3 billion, sources familiar with the situation said yesterday.
1			energy	debate			energy proposal pushes debate toward center a nonpartisan group that includes advocates for business, labor, consumers, and the environment gave a significant nudge this week to the effort to craft a national energy policy.
2			champion			mayorga arrested then freed over rape allegation nicaraguan former world champion boxer ricardo mayorga was arrested then freed despite pending charges on friday after a young woman accused him of raping her in a managua hotel.
4			bug	microsoft	tool	technology	use	spyware			ms buys anti spyware giant having been plagued with e bugs, bill and the boyz say theyll use intellectual property and technology assets from the acquisition to provide microsoft windows customers with new tools to help protect them from the threat of spyware, and other
3			good			robinhos mom comes home safe the kidnapped mother of santos starlet robinho has been returned to her family in good health, allowing the teenage forward to breath a huge sigh of relief.
2			coach	point	match			rostock coach resigns following debacle hansa rostock coach juri schluenz resigned sunday following a 6 0 loss at home to hamburg. the loss left rostock in the basement of the bundesliga with eight points from 13 matches.
3			trading	share	gain	development			vertex gains on novartis deal news research shares rose in premarket trading wednesday after the company announced a drug development deal with switzerland based novartis nvs :nyse news research .
3			share	earnings	stock	rise	technology			u.s. stocks rise at the open u.s. stocks opened higher on wednesday, as mcdonald's corp. said third quarter earnings rose sharply and quarterly reports from intel corp. and yahoo inc. pleased wall street, lifting technology shares.
4			player	software	reader			guitar player honors garageband guitar player magazine announced during the summer namm show in nashville that it has awarded garageband the magazine 's reader 's choice for best software of 2004. jul 29
4			desktop	microsoft	race	technology	access			msn joins desktop search fray microsoft 's msn has unveiled desktop search technology, entering a hotly contested race to dominate information access on the pc.
2			sport	mets	price			big loss for cablevision cablevision 's msg network and fox sports ny will lose big ad bucks and be forced to cut the prices they charge cable and satellite companies now that the mets have walked away to start their own channel, media insiders said yesterday.
4			app	mac	application	developer			mac widget app set to make windows debut as one developer prepares to move his application from mac to windows, others reaffirm their commitment to the platformdespite competing directly with apple computer inc.
4			user			10,000 mozilla donors get a very public thanks it 's a thing of beauty: a two page advocacy ad in the new york times featuring, among other things like quotes from satisfied firefox users, all 10,000 names of those who donated to the mozilla foundation so that it could take a nyt ad that it hopes
4			technology			three ways technology brings people together the holidays are coming. now, more than ever, the desire is to be close to friends and family. while not everyone can catch a plane or train to be with the ones they love, today 's communications technologies
2			game	championship			beard, phelps highlight short course swimming field olympic medalists will take another bow and several hopefuls for the 2008 beijing games will take out some frustrations for the next five days at the world short course swimming championships in indianapolis.
4			vendor			big five set their sights on mobile tv tv broadcasts to the mobile phone moved a step nearer reality today when the big five handset vendors announced a co operation deal to investigate mobile broadcast services.
4			tool	ibm	suite	reader			ibm beefs up security on thinkpad t42 ibm 's business workhorse notebook gets a fingerprint reader and an upgraded suite of security tools. we take a first look. ibm 's 'thin and light thinkpad t42 already offers one of the most complete security solutions available on a notebook.
2			player			portsmouth players make shaka favourite to join southampton portsmouth players have installed goalkeeper shaka hislop as favourite to follow harry redknapp to south coast rivals southampton.
2			team	prix			mild seven renault f1 team preview, chinese grand prix the mild seven renault f1 team preview of the chinese grand prix.
2			team	football	country	season			not much fight in irish they were playing the role of spoilers, heavy underdogs to a southern california team that wants to prove it is the best college football team in the country this season.
4			system	surface			algae threatens croatian adriatic stari grad bay on the island of hvar is one of the most charming resorts in croatia. but beneath the quiet surface of the southern adriatic an aggressive tropical algae is threatening the sea's eco system.
2			play	player	game	saint			saints' mcallister hurt in chargers game saints running back deuce mcallister lasted just a handful of plays before spraining his right ankle against san francisco, one of several prominent players who got hurt sunday.
2			stadium			a naming rights offer writ small corporate donors who couldn't afford to pony up millions a year to affix their brand names to gillette stadium or the fleetcenter might consider this: for a mere $ 200,000, they can now buy the naming rights to a performance studio at a worcester radio station.
4			pack	app	microsoft	enterprise	developer	application			ms releases xp sp2 app testing guide enterprise developers looking for a guide to test applications against the new windows xp service pack 2 sp2 are getting some help from microsoft quote, chart .
4			user	software	microsoft	version			microsoft will replace fake copies of xp uk users will be able to replace pirated versions of windows that they have purchased. software pirates increasing skill at creating counterfeit versions of windows xp has prompted microsoft to introduce
4			software	application			another chinese sms firm suspended beijing: chinadotcom corp, an integrated software and mobile applications company, said that china mobile communications corporation cmcc has suspended its go2joy short message service sms for an unspecified period due to various violations of its
1			country	minister			romania ends negotiations to join eu romanian foreign minister mircea geoana said his country had completed its negotiations to join the european union in 2007.
4			earnings	technology			lucent says earnings more than triple lucent technologies inc. , among the world's largest makers of telecommunications equipment, on wednesday said its fourth quarter earnings more than tripled, helped by improving demand in products for wireless networks and a growing service business.
4			system	game	generation			nintendo prepares weekend launch of new handheld a generation of children grew up playing nintendo co. ltd.'s game boy handheld video game system, and now that they've grown up, nintendo has a new toy for them.
3			investor			us investor raises stakes in shift of news corp power the murdoch family 's long term control of its media empire is less certain this week after news corporation 's largest investor moved to almost double his voting stake.
2			team			stuck in a rundown everyone surrounding the nationals returned wednesday to a question that has haunted the team since its days in montreal: what do we do now?
4			standard	access			wi fi group backs brawnier security standard an alliance says that wi fi protected access 2, or wpa2, is a big improvement on earlier wireless security standards.
4			high	speed	technology			intel invests in new wireless venture hoping to accelerate the deployment of a new wireless technology, intel corp. announced monday it's invested in a venture started by billionaire craig mccaw to deliver high speed internet service over the airwaves.
1			democrat	reform			senate confirms rep. goss as intelligence director the senate voted overwhelmingly yesterday to confirm rep. porter j. goss r fla. as the new head of the cia, brushing aside complaints from some democrats that he is too partisan and insufficiently interested in reform to head the embattled agency.
4			technology			epson developing e paper, giant flexible screens seiko epson is developing flexible display technologies that could lead to e paper that can be rolled up and folded as a replacement for paper based newspapers or magazines.
4			second	technology	source			technology ; dell seeks to open second pc plant in europe technology news, san francisco, dell inc. is looking to open its second european production plant, its chairman said on tuesday, and a source familiar with the plan said the company was considering a location in france.
2			cub	team	club	chicago	game			cubs fine sosa for leaving game the chicago cubs have fined sammy sosa a club record $ 87,400 one day 's pay for leaving the team 's last game shortly after it began.
2			specie	researcher	stock	sport			sport fishermen depleting some saltwater species americans fishing for sport along coastlines or at sea are doing far more damage to us marine fish stocks than anyone thought, accounting for nearly a quarter of the catch from overfished species, researchers report in the latest issue of the journal
3			investor	share			hell no, we wont go, says gold fields initial feedback from gold fieldss north american and european investors is rejection of the hostile all share bid by harmony gold for its larger rival, which has labeled the offer as opportunistic, gold fields chief
4			use	software	mac	source			openosx debuts new office openosx today announced office 1.5 for mac os x, an easy to use solution for installing, configuring, and using the open source gnome office software on mac os x. openosx 's office release includes the necessary
1			country	president			colombia blows up stockpiled land mines colombia's armed forces blew up 6,800 stockpiled land mines sunday as president alvaro uribe, queen noor of jordan and dozens of mine blast victims watched on large screens, launching an effort to eventually rid the country of the weapons.
1			crisis			dbcc says philippines not in a fiscal crisis situation malacaang allayed fears yesterday that the philippines is on the brink of a financial crisis as it assured that the government is exerting its best efforts to bring down the widening
4			technology	share			genelabs plunges on failed study shares of genelabs technologies inc. plummeted early tuesday after the biotechnology firm announced that its lupus drug prestara has proven ineffective in a phase iii clinical study.
4			microsoft	system	software	ship	version			microsoft commits to 2006 target for next windows the next version of the windows operating system, microsoft corp. 's msft.o: quote, profile, research flagship product, will ship in 2006, the world 's largest software maker said on friday.
4			generation			bonds back at home with 700 in sight in every other city, barry bonds is greeted with boos and cheers, a mixture of respect, fear and derision for the best slugger of his generation.
3			value	share			google feels lucky, surpasses web rival yahoo google rose $ 14.97 to close at $ 187.40 per share, giving it a market value of $ 51.4 billion compared to $ 47.9 billion for internet rival yahoo.
4			desktop	tool	application	version			macromedia introduces publishing tool for ebay macromedia inc. plans to announce monday a special version of its contribute web publishing desktop application designed to automate and simplify the creation and modification of ebay inc.
2			final	project	sport			sports briefs november 12, 2004 the final cost of the athens olympics soared to about $ 11.6 billion at least $ 3.1 billion more than originally estimated. the figure did not include transportation projects such as the new tram line, suburban
3			share			mgm agrees to be bought for $ 12 share film and television studio metro goldwyn mayer inc. on monday said it agreed in principle to be acquired by a consortium led by sony corp. of america for $ 12 a share in cash, plus assumed debt.
2			club			megson drafts in lawyers to settle contract gary megson is preparing to take legal action against west bromwich albion to end his contractual dispute with the club and clear the way for a new job.
4			system	feature			cisco routers add services cisco systems this week will introduce a new line of routers with integrated services that combine concurrent data, security, and voice features in one system.
3			earnings			hard times at krispy kreme it was a bad day yesterday for the doughnut maker krispy kreme, a wall street darling just a year ago. reporting its third quarter earnings, the company, based in winston salem, nc, said
2			season	team	sport			jaguar to pull out of formula one ford said on friday its jaguar formula one team would pull out of the sport at the end of the 2004 season.
2			coach			brown steps forwrad kwame brown completes his first full practice since having foot surgery and gets rave reviews from coach eddie jordan. brown is still expected out until december.
4			content	enterprise	hit	management	file	technology			oracle enterprise content management oracle 's tsunami hits the shore, but is it making waves? today they have announced the launch of their new enterprise content management ecm technology, oracle r files 10g.
4			software			lycos, spammers trade blows over screensaver lycos is caught in a tit for tat struggle with spammers, just days after releasing a free screen saver software program that uses computer down time to swamp web sites associated with spam campaigns.
3			management	enterprise			family feud over control of india 's leading business group ... the rift in india 's ambani family which controls india 's biggest private enterprise group reliance deepened as elder brother mukesh rejected his younger brother 's objections to a change in their management roles, a report said.
2			use	game			judge rejects injunction by organizers over use of olympic symbols the local issue of playboy remained on newsstands friday, after a judge rejected a request for a temporary injunction filed by athens games organizers over the magazine 's use of olympic symbols in a photo spread.
2			player			soe to launch web based community service station players will allow sony 's online mmo customers to meet and greet online; set to launch alongside everquest ii. sony online entertainment today announced a web based service that will allow players
1			crisis			iran 's nukes: the crisis is far from over for weeks the rhetoric mounted as diplomats shuttled between tehran and vienna, seeking a solution to the impasse over iran 's nuclear program.
2			united	soccer	baseball	prime	stadium	sport			rfk due to retain prime soccer seating dc united will retain its lucrative base of sideline seats at rfk stadium despite the arrival of baseball at the 43 year old stadium, according to plans being developed by the dc sports entertainment commission.
4			software			oracle gets europe 's approval to buy peoplesoft the european commission on tuesday cleared oracle 's orcl hostile $ 7.7 billion bid for rival business software maker peoplesoft psft , lowering the last antitrust hurdle to the contested deal.
4			server			nec delivers four way fault tolerant windows server nec solutions america, the us unit of japanese server maker nec corp., has announced a new fault tolerant windows server, a machine with the unwieldy name of the express5800 340 hb r.
4			application	development			macromedia offers flex builder macromedia has introduced a new addition to the flex product line, flex builder, a product designed to accelerate all aspects of rich internet application development including interface
4			development			intel and clearwire forge wimax alliance two of the most powerful forces behind wimax, intel and craig mccaw 's clearwire start up, have formed a partnership aiming to accelerate development of 802.
4			vendor			nortel plans to lay off 3,250 employees nortel networks corp. will lay off approximately 1,400 employees in the u.s. and about 950 in canada, with those employees to be notified by the end of june 2005, the network equipment vendor said in a regulatory filing thursday that fleshed out earlier announcements of the coming layoffs.
4			grid	processor	licensing	microsoft	win	technology	core	concern	computing			kudos to microsoft for dual core chip plans opinion: the company 's decision to keep per processor licensing for upcoming multicore technology is a win for customers, but of more immediate licensing concern are grid, partitioning and utility computing.
2			country	season			3 schools set to join sun belt conference this is the last season the sun belt conference will be scattered across the country.
4			database	tool	ibm	linux	feature	developer	code	version			ibm stinger release pushes .net, linux support ibm is launching the next version of its db2 universal database, code named stinger, touting new autonomic features and .net developer tools.
2			dame	coach	football	season			irish coach could make ugly history here we are, a week into the college football season, and already the skin tingles with anticipation of what could be in store. notre dame is 0 1, likely on its way to 0 2, and quite possibly
2			use	player	soccer	sport			wada look to crack down on recreational drug use soccer players and other sportsmen could soon face mandatory two year bans from their sports if they are caught using recreational drugs at any time, the head of the world anti doping agency said monday.
2			championship	win			hanson wins record sixth gold brooke hanson of australia swims with simone weiler of germany during the world swimming championships in indianapolis. photo: afp.
2			park	championship			park shoots 62 for two stroke lead while playing partners annika sorenstam and michelle wie grabbed most of the attention, grace park made history thursday at the samsung world championship.
4			processor	system	ibm	linux	server			ibm puts spotlight on entry level linux servers a virtualization option will be available for the systems, which are based on 1.5 or 1.6 ghz power5 processors. by darrell dunn. ibm on monday introduced a new line of linux servers intended to compete with
4			software	microsoft	mode			microsoft search encounters glitches on first day microsoft corp.'s widely anticipated search engine, which launched in test mode on thursday, encountered some glitches on its first day, the world's largest software maker said.
2			fan	soccer	club			redknapp unrepentant about move from portsmouth to southampton? ... harry redknapp shocked portsmouth two weeks ago by quitting to take a break from soccer. now those same fans are in a rage he 's joined the one club they despise.
4			technology			netflix, tivo partner to offer online films netflix inc. and tivo inc. are teaming up to work with hollywood studios to develop technology for the delivery of video programming over the internet.
4			science			who urges science to keep world healthy technological advances that help drug companies churn out highly profitable prescription medications must also be applied to improving public health care around the globe, a world health organization report released wednesday says.
4			server	software	app	source			hp to offer first call support for jboss app server in a deal aimed at helping corporate it decision makers feel more comfortable about moving to open source software offerings, hewlett packard co.
4			user	platform	creator	java	mac	developer	development	standard	application			java studio creator update targets mac developers the new release of sun's visual development environment allows users to develop java applications on mac os x, windows xp and solaris for deployment on any platform compatible with the java 2 standard edition.
4			leader	processor	space	design	system	supercomputer	technology	linux	server	scale	core	graphic	silicon			q a: sgi leader looks for altix oems when the top500 list of the world's most powerful computers is published monday, the 10,240 processor columbia supercomputer that silicon graphics inc. sgi recently built for nasa's national aeronautics and space administration's ames research center is expected to be the number two system on the list. columbia is a much needed success for sgi, which has been struggling to reclaim customers lost during an ill fated foray into the windows market during the late 1990s. since taking the reins of the company in 1999, bob bishop, an 18 year sgi veteran, has refocused sgi on its core technical markets, and bet the company's future on the three core technologies in its altix line of servers: the linux operating system, intel corp.'s itanium processor architecture, and sgi's own numaflex system design. with numaflex, sgi has been able to scale linux to unprecedented levels.
4			fighting	technology			things better without conway? peoplesoft inc., in the midst of fighting a takeover bid from oracle corp., is in better shape because of the departures of chief executive craig conway and a senior technology official, a director testified.
2			game			greek sprinters withdraw from olympics greek sprinters kostas kenteris and katerina thanou pulled out of the athens games on wednesday, nearly a week after they missed a drug test and were later hospitalized following a suspicious motorcycle crash. i'm withdrawing from the olympics, kenteris said after meeting with the international olympic committee's disciplinary commission...
2			sport			iaaf receives explanations from kenteris greek sprinters kostas kenteris and katerina thanou submitted written explanations to the sport's governing body, detailing the reasons why they missed drug tests on the eve of the athens olympics.
2			championship			gordon apologizes for new hampshire accident robby gordon apologized monday for intentionally causing an accident at new hampshire international speedway that involved championship contenders tony stewart and jeremy mayfield.
3			holding			satellite radio on mobile phones 2004 12 02 accessing satellite radio on mobile phones would be possibile in the next five years. hugh panero, chief executive officer, xm satellite radio holdings, has confirmed that his company is
3			drink	profit			wet summer dampens cadbury profits confectionery group cadbury schweppes today said it was expecting full year profits towards the lower end of hopes after a difficult summer for its european drinks business.
3			investor	growth	sale			intel chief barrett laments timing sucks for his departure intel corp. chief executive officer craig barrett wanted to go out in glory like his old boss, andy grove. instead, he ll retire to slumping sales growth, restless investors and repeated product delays.
1			parliament	minister			scotland's pricey new parliament is formally opened scotland's dazzling new parliament building was formally opened, as first minister john mcconnell encouraged scots to look beyond the fact that it was three years late and 10 times over budget.
2			medal	team			french equestrinan protest finally upheld four days after the competition was held, france was finally awarded a gold medal saturday in the olympic equestrian three day team event.
4			software	java	project	source			gluecode delivers open source bpm engine hoping to put in place the last missing piece of the java stack, gluecode software and the apache software foundation this week unwrapped project agila, which the companies claim is the first embeddable open source bpm engine.
1			election			consumers more upbeat in early november u.s. consumers have grown more cheerful so far this month as the hotly contested presidential election drew to a close and job prospects seemed to improve, according to a survey released on friday.
3			holding			arm holdings buys us tech firm microprocessor designer arm holdings buys us tech firm artisan for about $ 913m.
1			politics	series	rise			the power of nightmares: the rise of the politics of fear last wednesday bbc2 aired part one of a three part series called the power of nightmares: the rise of the politics of fear.
1			opposition			dexia shelves proposed merger with sanpaolo london, november 29 the board of the franco belgian bank, dexia , has rejected the companys proposed 37 billion merger with italys sanpaolo pao , following increasing opposition to the proposal by a group of its key
3			sale	bankruptcy			federal mogul may sell t n assets after pension offer snub federal mogul, the engineering company whose bankruptcy in the us is threatening the pensions of thousands of workers at its subsidiary turner newall, is sizing up a sale of its uk businesses.
4			software	upgrade	management	version			peoplesoft urges upgrades peoplesoft launched a promotion on thursday to encourage customers of its business management software to upgrade to the latest version even as oracle continues its disruptive takeover bid, which threatens the company 's future.
3			sale	earnings	share			sprint earnings sprint corporation announces a loss of $ 1.32 per share tuesday despite strong sales for its third quarter. sprint says the loss was caused by writing off $ 3.
4			united	technology			u.s. considering incentives for iran reconsidering its hard line on iran, the united states is weighing the idea of rewarding the islamic republic if it gives up technology that can be used for nuclear arms, diplomats and u.s. officials said tuesday.
3			good			more authors keeping online journals jennifer weiner, author of the best selling novels good in bed and in her shoes, likes to spend three to four hours a day working on fiction. when she's done, time and family permitting, she updates her online journal.
1			ally	party	president	finance			french conservatives vie for party loyalty a close ally of president jacques chirac was appointed monday to head france 's powerful finance ministry, in a signal the french president has no intention of serving as lame duck
4			microsoft	software	vendor			microsoft acquires antispyware vendor giant microsoft corp. has acquired antispyware vendor giant company software inc. in new york for an undisclosed amount.
4			system	retailer			paypal and apple itunes link up payment system paypal announces a tie up with apple's itunes as it continues to secure new business with online retailers.
2			tournament	team	victory	win	match			american duo wins opening beach volleyball match american misty may gave team mate kerri walsh an ideal 26th birthday present with an easy victory over japan in their opening match of the olympics beach volleyball tournament on sunday.
4			airport	system			airport screening system touted as improvement for months, homeland security officials have privately debated how to blunt criticism of their planned aviation screening system that passengers and airlines complained was overly intrusive.
4			microsoft	software	win	technology	high	standard			microsoft wins a high definition dvd battle blu ray on wednesday said microsoft corp. has won the dvd technology group's backing of a video compression standard for new high definition discs, marking an advance for the software maker in an emerging consumer electronics arena.
4			software			apple introduces two new garageband jam packs apple has introduced two new jam packs for its popular garageband consumer music creation software today. these two new packs offer new instruments and loops for different genres.
4			system	microsoft	technology	version			windows update operating systems just ain 't what they used to be. for a while, microsoft released a new version of windows every two or three yearseach creating a ripple effect on how we all used and thought about technology. but now, there 's a ...
4			patent	software			sun's schwartz guns for patent glories the software maker has filed a claim over its per employee pricing plan, highlighting the tech industry's increasing focus on patents, has learned.
3			profit	gain	earnings	sale			cigna corp. 3q profit up on gain from sale cigna corp. said net income rose sharply in the third quarter, reflecting increased earnings in its health care segment and a gain from the sale of a retirement benefits business.
2			basketball	coach			coach dave leitao agrees to six year contract extension at depaul depaul men 's basketball coach dave leitao has agreed to a six year contract extension, the university announced friday.
4			development			culture change required at astrazeneca after key drug fails astrazeneca admitted yesterday to an over optimistic culture within its drug development division as it revealed its recently launched lung cancer pill did not improve patients life expectancy.
3			sale	inventory	profit	second			j.c. penney posts second quarter profit department store operator j.c. penney co. inc. on tuesday posted a second quarter profit, reversing a year earlier loss, helped by inventory controls and strong department store sales.
2			season			to finish first, first be finnish miracles don 't happen in motor racing, but there is an exception to every rule. at the start of the 2004 season the mclaren mercedes was the joke of the paddock.
1			parliament	president			pan african parliament opens in south africa africa 's new representative body, the pan african parliament, has opened its first session in its new home in south africa. south african president thabo mbeki was joined by drummers and dancers to welcome
1			president	election			ukraine 's presidential election begins ukrainians began casting their ballot sunday in the presidential election to choose a successor to president leonid kuchma. a total of 24 candidates were on the ballot to succeed
2			career	win			steve martin wins career honour comic and hollywood star steve martin wins the american cinematheque career achievement honour.
3			good			newsom joins picket line, vows boycott of hotels bad business ... mayor gavin newsom made good on his promise to join locked out union members on the picket line tuesday after a group of san francisco hotels rejected his proposed 90 day cooling off period, extending a bitter labor dispute that has left 4,000 workers
2			title			olympics: ireland 's o connor claims olympic show jumping gold athens : ireland 's cian o connor, riding waterford crystal, won the olympic individual show jumping title at the markopoulo equestrian centre.
2			baseball			d.c. close at the plate yes, we've been down this road before, but it looks as though the economic and political factors are now aligned in favor of baseball in the district although precariously.
1			general	election			house dems seek election inquiry three congressmen are asking the general accounting office to investigate irregularities with voting machines during the presidential election, but they don't anticipate a change in election outcome. by kim zetter.
4			siemens	technology			bbc tech staff become siemens workers some 1440 bbc technology staff have been transferred to siemens business services today following the completion of a major ten year 2bn technology framework contract tfc .
3			general	sale			ford and gm cut production general motors and ford are cutting production in their domestic market over the coming months as car sales begin to slow amid wilting consumer confidence.
2			nation	race	play	cup	game			weld plays waiting game the melbourne cup is known as 'the race that stops a nation , owing to its standing as australia 's most popular horse race.
4			speed	card			sandisk pushes faster, bigger flash cards flash memory company sandisk is offering a one two punch with new cf, memory stick, and sd cards offering greater speed and capacity.
2			career	football	club			woodward: now for something completely different sir clive woodward has confirmed that he will be pursuing a career outside of rugby union, but he refuses to be drawn on whether it will be at southampton football club.
4			design			oqo handheld pc fails to excite pc world reviewer says windows xp based handheld's poor design and performance make it tough to recommend.
3			good			jones sees memphis fight as getting back up it starts right here, jones said of saturday 's fight, adding he has no thoughts of retirement at age 35. i m too good for that, he said.
2			season			chiron gets subpoena over vaccine debacle a federal grand jury is investigating chiron corp.'s failure to deliver vaccine for the coming flu season, the company disclosed on tuesday.
4			processor	licensing	microsoft	software	developer	server			microsoft stays pricing course by announcing plans to maintain its current per processor server software licensing, microsoft corp. has pleased customers and, in the process, put serious pressure on competing software developers to do the same.
3			investment	management	holding			cerberus to buy lnr property for cash riley property holdings llc, a new company majority owned by affiliates of new york based investment firm cerberus capital management lp, agreed to purchase lnr property corp.
2			coach	roddick	title	sport			roddick splits with gilbert after 1 years andy roddick fired coach brad gilbert this weekend after 11 2 years together that yielded a us open title and the no. 1 ranking. no specific reason was given for the surprising split in a statement roddick released monday through sfx sports group.
3			profit	sale	earnings	rise			lilly profit rises on sales of key drugs eli lilly and co. on thursday said its third quarter earnings rose as growing demand for its medicines offset higher spending to market recently approved treatments.
4			application	software	patch			oracle to begin monthly patch release oracle nasdaq: orcl will start releasing patches for its software applications on a regular monthly schedule, the company says.
4			system	ibm	dream	development			ibm, honda help knightrider dreams come true ibm says its joint development with honda motor company has yielded a hands free, voiced commanded and real time car navigation system, which has been put into market.
2			good	championship			her breaststroke 's good as gold with no australian reporters covering the world swimming championships, ian hanson has been responsible for reporting all the news from indianapolis.
4			system	microsoft	vulnerability			1. vulnerability in wordpad according to the microsoft site, the vulnerabilty in wordpad allows an attacker to take complete control of the affected system.
3			trader	share			update 1: philippine shares end higher philippine shares ended higher thursday, with blue chip philippine long distance telephone co. , or pldt, providing a boost after the strong overnight performance of its american depositary receipts, traders said.
4			system	energy			calif. plan aims to add solar energy to homes california should try to add solar energy systems to 1 million homes by 2017 to save electricity and cut pollution from power plants, gov. arnold schwarzenegger said on friday.
4			tool			nintendo's interactive multiplex nintendo mulls animated films and making its ds device an interactive tool in theaters.
4			mainframe	technology	developer	use	application			amazon launches new web services new web services technologies announced monday will help developers build money making applications and use existing mainframe technology to create and deploy new web services.
2			play	good	soccer	team			u.s. soccer team playing with confidence they play with a confident air these days, even a swagger, more befitting the brazilians and germans. and, for the u.s. men's soccer team, that's good very good.
2			minute	game			everett romps past xaverian fifty eight seconds into the game, xaverian looked golden. thirty nine minutes later, not so much.
4			percent	patent	sale	technology			proxim, symbol settle patent dispute after months of litigation, proxim and symbol technologies have finally settled their legal spat. proxim has agreed to pay $ 22.75 million, plus a 2 percent royalty on future sales of certain products.
1			party	good			o romeo, art thou a good republican? romance follows the party line in us she was pretty and smart; he was educated and charmingly polite. they could have been headed for happily ever after if it had not been for ... the faith based initiative.
2			player	coach	game	james			boozer, james pay homage to former coach osowski carlos boozer spent two years in cleveland. the last one, when he made himself into a player deemed worthy of olympic stature, the coach who worked with him on a daily basis was assistant mark osowski. yesterday, while getting ready for today's game vs. spain, boozer took time to reflect on the leominster reared osowski, who died sunday of ...
2			broke	detroit	brawl	indiana	piston	fan	game	sport			5 pacers, 7 fans charged in detroit brawl five indiana pacers and seven fans were charged wednesday in the melee that broke out at the end of a nationally televised game against the detroit pistons last month, one of the worst brawls in u.s. sports history.
2			champion	williams	top	sport			more top sports news the first pro opponent of danny williams believes the brixton bomber will cut 6ft 7in vitali klitschko down to size to be wbc heavyweight champion, writes steve brenner.
4			microsoft	technology	access			microsoft, cisco: seeing eye to eye on network security tech giants microsoft and cisco have agreed to develop and promote interoperability between their respective network access technologies.
3			investment			lehman brothers names christopher m. o meara chief financial ... new york, nov. 29 prnewswire firstcall lehman brothers, the global investment bank, today announced that christopher m. o meara, 43, has been named chief financial officer.
2			final	match	dream	sport			sand dreams crumble in quarter finals the beach volleyball men 's pair of john child and mark heese of toronto dropped a quarter final match yesterday to a spanish duo, while quebeckers guylaine dumont and annie martin lost in the women 's event, eliminating canada from competition in the sport
4			platform	good	surface			hp bullish on itanium 's future on the surface, new announcements from hewlett packard and intel bode well for the future of the 64 bit itanium platform, which should be good news for the channel.
2			team			greek athlete tests positive a member of the greek olympic team has tested positive for a banned substance, this according to a news bulletin released by the hellenic olympic committee on friday.
4			processor	generation	ibm	code	cell	application	computing			ibm, sony and toshiba unveil cell processor ibm, sony and toshiba unveiled some of the key concepts of their jointly developed advanced microprocessor, code named cell, which is aimed at next generation computing applications and digital consumer electronics.
4			system	platform	developer			cisco boosts carrier offerings with p cube buy cisco systems has confirmed that it is to spend $ 200m to acquire privately held p cube, a california based developer of internet protocol ip service control platforms.
4			space	technology			private spaceship designers get $ a13m the designers of the first privately manned rocket to burst into space have received a $ us10 million $ a13 million cheque, a prize designed to encourage technology that will open the heavens to tourists.
3			management			continental cuts 425 jobs carrier says cuts in management, support positions are 1 of workforce; trying to avoid wage cuts. new york reuters continental airlines inc.
4			integration	enterprise			on demand apps break enterprise barriers now with easy customization and process integration, will utility apps dominate?
2			play	victory			once again, warnes bowling the wrong line who would have believed it? that shane warne would act like a dumb blond and forget that he had a role to play in australias bangalore victory.
1			party	conflict	system			zimbabwe losing faith in democracy johannesburg zimbabweans, weary of political conflict, are increasingly losing faith in democracy and tempted to accept a one party system, a survey released thursday has found.
3			system	shareholder			airbus to sell a350 as rival to boeing dreamliner airbus has been given the go ahead by its shareholders eads and bae systems to market the a350, a new wide body aircraft that will be a direct rival to boeings 7e7 dreamliner.
1			talk			china 's saic cool on early rover deal talk chinese carmaker shanghai automotive industry corp. saic has played down reports that it is about to sign a deal for a joint venture with mg rover, the times newspaper reports.
3			ipo	shareholder	share			holders cut ipo shares ltd., an online comparison shopping service, on friday lowered the number of shares to be sold by shareholders in the company's planned initial public offering.
3			investment	fund	trader			two fidelity employees let go over gifts fidelity investments on thursday said two employees have been let go and 14 others have been disciplined for violating company policies covering gifts from brokers to the mutual fund giant 's traders.
1			minister	party	prime	president	concern			sinn fein voices delay concern speaking after a meeting with the irish prime minister in dublin, party president gerry adams said: we are concerned that the time frame is stretching.
4			technology	august			us tech execs more optimistic about spending: study new york, august 31: us technology executives are increasingly optimistic about the business climate, although plans for increased technology spending remain modest, according to a study released on monday.
4			enterprise	software	source			eight great tips for converting to open source travelers on the road from proprietary to open source software won 't be driving on an interstate. enterprise open source deployments are still uncommon enough that companies
4			design	science			new haven architect to design adriaen 's landing science center a design for a futuristic glass building with a giant plasma video screen landed cesar pelli the job as architect for the new science center at adriaen 's landing.
3			low	profit	management	finance			airlines vicious circle of weak finances and low morale it is a management truism that low morale among workers leads to low productivity, low quality, erosion of customer loyalty and, ultimately, lower profits.
3			investor	investment	country			world bank says rp suffers from poor image among foreign investors the countrys rich natural resources and skilled workforce, coupled with improved business climate, could turn the philippines into an investment haven in asia, but, so far, the trouble plagued country has failed to communicate these qualities
2			player	ranger	fan	season			one old guy gives europe 's xmas turkeys a stuffing one by one, the players faces had flashed up on the giant ibrox screens offering season 's greetings to the rangers fans. but the main presents were reserved for auxerre.
2			round	game			liga weekend preview: el clasico dominates there is a strange la liga round of fixtures in store, mainly because its difficult to tell if more than one game is taking place.
4			microsoft	software			hackers target microsoft jpeg hole images posted in news groups may install remote control software on vulnerable pcs.
2			player	club			free agents offered arbitration players offered arbitration have until dec. 19 to either accept or reject. players who reject arbitration may sign with former club until jan. 8 or after may 1 .
2			coach			greek sprinters charged greek sprinters kostas kenteris and katerina thanou and their coach were charged yesterday with avoiding a drug test on the eve of the athens olympics and faking a motorcycle accident hours later.
4			system	cell			new systems cut cell phone finger work several companies ease burden of using internet via cell phones.
1			growth	debate			september job growth weaker than expected u.s. businesses added 96,000 jobs to payrolls in september, the government reported on friday, a weaker than expected total that was expected to sharpen a presidential debate later in the day over the economy's direction.
4			enterprise	software	vendor	telephony			artisoft to buy ip telephony vendor vertical artisoft inc. has agreed to acquire vertical networks inc. for as much as $ 19 million in cash in a deal that will create a vendor of ip internet protocol telephony software for call centers, medium sized businesses and large enterprises.
4			microsoft	gain	technology	sale			microsoft sales down microsoft s fiscal 2005 sales will be unable to keep up with the gains of earlier years, even if technology spending continues to improve, the company said in a us regulatory filing last week.
4			speed	amd	ibm	technology	silicon			ibm, amd speed chips ibm corp. nyse: ibm and advanced micro devices nyse: amd said monday that they have developed a strained silicon transistor technology aimed at
4			ibm	technology			ibm quits pc manufacturing in 900m deal ibm has sold its computer making business to lenovo group, the chinese technology company, in a $ 1.75 billion 900 million deal, signalling an exit from the pc market it helped create in the 1980s.
1			talk			wto negotiators finish week of farm talks negotiators at the world trade organization completed weeklong farm talks friday, part of discussions on ways to reach a wider ranging liberalization accord by the end of 2005.
2			use	game			psychic powers add gaming twist the use of psychic powers adds a novel twist to the action in two new video games.
3			profit	sale			c c profit more than doubles on lower interest costs c c group plc, the maker of tullamore dew whiskey that held its initial public offering in may, said first half profit more than doubled after the sale of a business helped cut debt and reduce interest charges.
3			retailer			gridlock at ports may dock retailers this could be the year that gridlock steals christmas.
2			team	football	bowl	season			bruins take a step back a week removed from its most dominant performance of the season, the ucla football team regressed to old habits, a lapse that might have cost it a chance at bowl eligibility and a winning season.
1			presidency	president			zimbabwe: mujuru sworn in a vice president joyce mujuru was sworn in as zimbabwe 's first woman vice president on monday. her path to the vice presidency was cleared by a zanu pf congress resolution at the weekend, which
3			good	sale			big ticket orders edge up 0.2 as sales of new homes surge orders to us factories for big ticket durable goods edged up in september while sales of new homes raced to the third highest monthly level on record.
4			general	system	buying	technology			ge agrees to buy spx 's fire and security unit for $ 1.4 billion general electric says it 's buying spx corporation 's edwards systems technology fire and security unit for more than a billion dollars in an all cash deal.
4			technology	price			chipmaker infineon admits price fixing german computer chipmaker infineon technologies ag has agreed to plead guilty to price fixing and will pay a $ 160 million fine, the justice department announced wednesday.
4			system	united	technology			bbc technology announces new deal with npr 's public radio ... media driven organisations, today announced that it has been appointed by the distribution division of npr r national public radio r to implement a new digital distribution system for the public radio satellite system prss in the united states.
1			party	prime	minister			the suicidal left in late 1991, then prime minister yitzhak shamir appeared to be drifting a bit to the left. after many years in which the labor party had called for an international conference to be held, shamir gave his consent.
3			sale	fuel			iran vows to continue enriching uranium iran vowed anew to continue enriching uranium, dealing a potential setback to a european plan to ease the nuclear standoff with tehran by offering sales of nuclear fuel and a trade deal as incentives.
1			talk	politician			talks look for new climate effort climate experts and politicians will discuss policies they believe may be needed beyond the kyoto protocol.
1			politician	high			momentum builds for u.s. role in paying highest health costs politicians are pushing an idea to fight high health costs by shielding employers from the most expensive medical cases.
3			holding			fcc insulates web phone service from state rule us communications regulators on tuesday exempted internet telephone services from certain state oversight, a boon for vonage holdings corp.
1			leader			no end yet to ukraine turmoil despite concessions ukraine's outgoing leader made key concessions on tuesday to opponents who have staged mass protests against a rigged presidential poll, but failed to agree exactly how to end the ex soviet state's political turmoil.
4			system	software	microsoft			microsoft to offer new windows flavor for retail market just as it is doing with its windows client software, microsoft corp. is developing customized variants of its windows embedded operating system for specific markets.
2			team			archaeologists discover tomb near egypt's pyramids archaeologists have found a 2,500 year old tomb near egypt's ancient pyramids in giza, the head of the excavation team told reuters on thursday.
2			coach	team			stern likes what he sees they have been criticized roundly, at home and here in europe, sometimes by their own coach. what the team lacks is to some observers more obvious than its attributes.
1			politics	pitch	white	election	bush	president			bush campaign trail stops at white house enmeshed in his re election campaign, president bush rarely spends a full day at the white house. but even when he does, presidential politics and campaign pitches remain close at hand...
3			investor			ca 's ex ceo is indicted on fraud the former chief executive officer of computer associates was indicted by a federal grand jury in new york wednesday for allegedly participating in a massive fraud conspiracy and an elaborate cover up of a scheme that cost investors
4			microsoft	software			eu probes drm deal the european commission is investigating the proposed acquisition of drm software maker contentguard by microsoft and time warner.
4			science	howard	technology			howard university engineering programs get a boost industry giants are giving howard university $ 70.6 million in technology to help the school 's engineering and science programs.
1			corruption	party			communists condemn whistle blower a communist party whistle blower who publicly accused his superiors of tolerating official corruption has been condemned for breaking party rules and ordered to do a complete self examination, authorities announced.
2			team	sport			from spam to lacrosse, a day for the books new laws aimed at prosecuting big time internet spammers, helping small businesses and elevating lacrosse to the status of state team sport will become effective today in maryland.
4			longhorn	microsoft	system	feature	code	version			without crucial feature, what will new windows do? microsoft's next version of windows, due in 2006, is code named longhorn. last week, after microsoft said it is postponing what would've been the most profound new feature of longhorn, the tech comedians started calling the coming operating system shorthorn.
4			integration	ibm	top	technology			logicalis acquires ibm business partner sti for $ 90 million logicalis, an international it integration company, has acquired for $ 90 million solution technology, a privately held ibm solution provider and one of ibm 's top 10 business partners.
4			technology	storage			one terabyte optical disk developed boffins and boffinettes at imperial college london are developing a new optical disk that can store a terabyte of data. the multiplexed optical data storage mods technology is expected to be released towards
3			erp	application	enterprise			sap, hp offer hosted erp for midsize companies sap and hp are offering a hosted enterprise resource planning application service to go after midsize companies that are taking their business to competing applications subcription services.
2			postseason	game			brockton has its lines down pat brockton reached the postseason by controlling the line of scrimmage and it wasn't about to change its game plan.
1			election	president			f. poe dies from effects of stroke manila fernando poe jr., the popular actor who challenged president gloria macapagal arroyo in the presidential elections this year, died early tuesday.
4			use	tool	development			macromedia offers flash video tool company hopes to boost use of its flash format for delivering streaming video with new development kit.
2			fighting	game			fighting games deliver knocks for the holidays just as it's time to deck the halls, along comes a new crop of fighting games for people who love to deck the brawlers.
3			share			ellison: oracle considered lowering peoplesoft bid oracle corp. ceo larry ellison said today that his company has talked about revising its current $ 21 per share offer to buy rival peoplesoft inc.
4			software	spyware			universities struggling with ssl busting spyware experts call marketscore software a privacy threat.
4			interview	symantec	system	technology	access			symantec 's 'trojan mistake news: in an interview in china scope dynamic internet technology dit ceo bill xia described dynamic internet as, a technical system to break through china 's internet blockade ... people in china cannot access any political forums or .
3			card	sale			experts warn of net flu vaccine scam vaccines for sale online can be dangerous, and sellers could be perpetrating credit card fraud.
4			firewall	enterprise	server	software	file	technology	code			mcafee releases virusscan with intrusion prevention mcafee's virusscan enterprise 8.0i integrates intrusion prevention services and firewall technology with antivirus software to automatically protect pcs and file servers from new malicious code outbreaks.
4			technology			china homespun 3g unravels in trials the future of chinese 3g technology and how it is licensed by the government is in doubt today after it failed a five month trial.
1			president	development			gap to launch store for 'boomer' women gap inc. on wednesday said it plans to test a new store concept next year aimed at women over age 35, and named gap brand president gary muto to oversee the development.
2			coach	football			in nebraska, football feeds state's ego decades ago, a beleaguered nebraska football coach raised a stink across the plains when he said he didn't think this state could be great at anything.
4			system	holding			herndon, n.y. cyber security firms to merge trusecure corp., a herndon provider of network security systems, agreed to merge with betrusted holdings inc., a new york company that offers similar services.
2			game	championship	season			mixed messages with the season winding down and conference championship games approaching, it seems an appropriate time to remind people of why some conferences are in favor of these games and why others aren't.
4			lab			philip morris lab discovered passive smoking risk in 1982: lancet a lab owned by us tobacco giant philip morris uncovered evidence in the early 1980s about potential risks from passive smoking but its findings were never made public, a study charges.
2			race			barely a contest among 53 house races the five candidates vying to unseat democratic rep. sam farr of california have little in common except their office address and the likelihood they will lose.
4			software	price			google buys digital mapping company search company cuts price of keyhole lt mapping software by more than half.
4			standard	generation			hollywood majors back toshiba dvd toshiba corp says it has won support for the hd dvd optical disc standard from warner bros studios, paramount pictures, universal pictures and new line cinema, advancing its cause in the battle for the next generation dvd.
4			software	microsoft			microsoft in tune with digital music software giant microsoft is casting its sights on the digital media marketplace by positioning itself as pro consumer choice.
3			drop	profit	sale			emi sees music market improving emi, the world 's third largest music group, reported a drop in first half profits on friday but said the beleaguered industry was rebounding as online music sales start to take off.
1			president			clinton a little scared of bypass surgery bill clinton said he was a little scared, but not much of undergoing heart bypass surgery, but was looking forward to a swift recovery and resuming normal activities such as jogging. the former president was hospitalized friday with chest pains and shortness of breath...
2			game	eagle			bc's game plan: improve daily the eagles are off to one of their best starts in five years, undefeated after their first three games for the first time since opening the 1999 campaign with a 4 0 record.
4			vendor	networking	technology	storage			from sans to satas, storage vendors continue product march storage companies continued to demonstrate a wealth of new products and technologies wednesday at the storage networking world in orlando.
2			champion	title			swedish chefs retain title at culinary olympics sweden has retained its title as world champion after three days of competition at the 21st culinary olympics held in erfurt, eastern germany, organisers said.
4			run	software	mac	hardware			mac os x for your pc a hawaiian company specializing in streaming video claims to have developed a $ 50 software emulator that allows a windows pc to run apple computer 's mac os x. maui x stream on tuesday announced cherryos, a virtual pc that mimics the hardware of a g4 mac.
2			team	game	championship			mission improbable, but strange things do happen impossible. inconceivable. a southeastern conference team is in position to go 12 0 and get locked out of the national championship game.
1			president			peru wants intl court to take on fujimori case peru should call in theinternational court of justice to rule on its request for theextradition of former president alberto fujimori from japan,state attorney nelly calderon said on sunday, expressingfrustration at japan's failure to act so far. p
4			microsoft	software	alternative			will microsoft makes its browser better? success of alternative apps like firefox may be putting pressure on the software giant.
2			race			pascal vasselon: two different approaches according to michelins f1 chief, the two tyre manufacturers have gone for very different approaches at shanghai. it could make the race interesting.
4			system	file			photo gallery: consumer gear takes a test drive theater quality systems and other entertainment are coming to the car. but will wireless file swapping wreak havoc during rush hour?
4			server			sun thumper server plans leaked to cite the reg cite exclusive opteron is go go go
4			piracy	movie	technology			tech firms announce video anti piracy technology nds, stmicroelectronics and thomson said on friday they will develop new encryption technology to foil video piracy, a $ 3.5 billion problem for broadcasters and movie studios.
2			value	game			scalpers sell athens tickets at face value the athens 2004 games which will have a place in history as the olympics' homecoming may also be remembered as the games that redefined a ticket scalper's job.
2			leader	player			safety sidelined by stress fracture as the broncos hope to learn more about the return of one standout defensive player this week, they will have to deal with the loss of another defensive leader.
4			player	feature			iriver unveils colorful audio players new hard drive based devices feature color screens, support for wmp 10.
4			project			long lost hendrix concert tape discovered technicians at sweden's public television have unearthed an unexpected delight for music lovers a complete original recording of a jimi hendrix concert in stockholm from 1969 on a tape long thought to have been destroyed. the unmarked tape was recently found stashed on a shelf deep inside the station's enormous archives during a project to transfer archived material from tape and film to digital, svt spokeswoman catarina wilson said friday...
1			country	election			bankrupt nauru goes to the polls the world's smallest independent country, the pacific island of nauru, holds elections on saturday.
4			networking			viewsonic delves into video networking send your video throughout your house wirelessly with new gateways and media adapters.
1			war	president			archbishop seeks to calm war of words anglican archbishop njongonkulu ndungane has stepped into the fray between archbishop desmond tutu and president thabo mbeki, calling for calm and offering to mediate between the two.
4			user	software	source			firefox on the hunt web metrics suggest that the software giant 's internet explorer has been losing a significant number of users in the past nine months to open source browser mozilla and its offspring, firefox.
4			space	dream	country	technology			china to realise its dream of space tourism in 20 yrs: official chinese people are expected to realise their dream of space tourism in 20 years with the country conducting research into the commercialisation of space technology, a senior space official has said.
4			processor	amd	feature	core			amd spells out dual core features chip firm amd has revealed more details of the dual core processors it expects to introduce next year. the firm presented at the processor forum in san jose earlier today, and, according to ee times, revealed some further details of its plans.
4			system	estate	core			farmers being moved aside by china's real estate boom a two tiered property system favors city dwellers while handicapping the farmers once at the core of chinese society.
4			user	software	talk	java			nokia vodafone help define java yawn talk about having a finger in every pie, vodafone has come up with another software initiative to make mobile phones more advanced and cheaper to make for the business user.
4			microsystems	system	software	license	source			sun proposes new open source license sun microsystems has quietly begun seeking official open source status for a new software license that likely will be used to govern its solaris operating system.
1			talk			time warner, comcast in talks on adelphia deal comcast corp. on monday said it is in talks with time warner inc. to explore a possible deal to acquire bankrupt cable company adelphia communications corp.. comcast is in discussions
4			software			intuit posts wider loss after charge intuit inc. , maker of the no. 1 u.s. tax presentation software turbotax, on wednesday posted a wider quarterly loss from a year earlier after taking a goodwill impairment charge during its seasonally weaker fourth quarter.
1			relation			iran to halt uranium enrichment iran has agreed to fully suspend its uranium enrichment program, in a move that could improve the islamic republics relations with the west.
4			worm	microsoft	system	software	linux	application	flaw			flaws threaten windows, linux pcs at least a dozen microsoft software applications and operating systems affected. also: the talking worm.
3			holding			foundation coal raises $ 519 million foundation coal holdings inc. went public yesterday, raising $ 519 million, most of which went to the owners of the company.
4			user	generation	download	technology	game	rate			vodafone begins 3g mobile service vodafone has launched its uk third generation 3g services for mobile phones, offering video calls, music downloads and games. the 3g technology enables users to download data at a faster rate than before
4			processor	amd	ibm	technology	silicon			amd and ibm collaborate on strained silicon amd and ibm said today they will begin using a strained silicon transistor technology designed to augment processor performance and power efficiency.
3			good			for airline employees, it 's the end of a golden age for decades, an airline job was a coveted plum. good pay, generous benefits, strong unions and the glamor of air travel made pilots, flight attendants, mechanics and even baggage handlers the envy of their neighbors.
1			minister			monday 's canadian briefs the lack of standby rescue helicopters at cfb moose jaw was not a factor in the fate of two snowbird pilots after their planes crashed on friday, says defense minister bill graham.
4			system	server			intel sees web buckling, invests in new systems intel corp. on thursday outlined its vision of the internet of the future, one in which millions of computer servers would analyze and direct network traffic to make the web safer and more efficient.
4			system	linux	version			firms aim to tighten linux security electricnews: mandrakesoft and several other linux backers are to work together to build a version of the operating system that will be far more secure than previously available.
4			cell	software	developer			palmsource set to acquire china mobilesoft us based software developer palmsource inc. said wednesday it had entered agreement to acquire china mobilesoft ltd. in a bid to extend its market as a software provider for cell phones and mobile devices.
2			play	player	exhibition			pioneer, sharp let blu ray play two companies supporting the blu ray disc optical disc format unveiled prototype players at the ceatec 2004 exhibition, taking place here this week.
1			president			ex viacom president gets hired by sirius mel karmazin, former president of media conglomerate viacom inc. , is joining sirius satellite radio inc. as chief executive, replacing joseph clayton, who is staying on as chairman, the company said yesterday.
1			fighting			palmone unveils tungsten t5 in a crowded corporate market where handhelds and handsets are fighting it out for supremacy, palmone will introduce a device this week it hopes will cut through the noise.
3			processor	profit	earnings			smithfield 's profit more than doubles smithfield pork processor smithfield foods inc. said yesterday that net income in the first quarter more than doubled as improved profitability in hog production and strong results in pork offset lower beef earnings.
4			suite	application	technology	enterprise			new oracle e biz suite aims to simplify application and technology ... oracle says its new e business suite 11i.10 will improve business process automation and operating efficiency across an enterprise.
2			fan	game			game on: fans are fired up for release of halo sequel three years is an eternity to wait for a sequel. early tuesday morn ing, halo fans received deliverance with the launch of halo 2, one of the most anticipated video games of all time.
2			season			sanderson joins iowa state coaching staff former iowa state standout wrestler cael sanderson has joined the school as an assistant for the upcoming season.
2			championship	season			jordan vows to fight for survival jordan 's boss eddie jordan promised here on thursday that he would fight to stay in next season 's formula one championship despite the tough situation he faces.
4			switch			maccentral week in review first of all, i d like to thank the dozens of newsletter subscribers who took the time to respond to last week 's editorial, the real world, in which i talked about my son 's school 's decision to switch from macs to pcs.
3			profit			gateway computes operating profit it has never bothered me that i have been the only person i know who loves my emachines computers. the computers are inexpensive and they are more than adequate for my word processing
4			software	microsoft			microsoft battle with eu moved to court microsoft corp.'s five year legal battle in europe moved into a public courtroom for the first time thursday as the software giant tried to get the european union's landmark antitrust ruling against it lifted.
2			team	play	baseball	season	game			new baseball season begins six teams will play baseball games today, and two more will join them tomorrow. the moneyball boys won 't be one of them. their reinvention of the game didn 't work this season.
1			movie	debate			chat with jeremy schaap on saturday, sept. 25, immediately following the premiere of espn 's new original movie, hustle espn, 9 pm et , espn will air hustle: the pete rose debate, hosted by jeremy schaap.
4			player	technology			founder of web envisions a new era the inventor of the world wide web told a technology conference yesterday that making the web more useful hinges on a familiar challenge: getting the players
4			aol	technology			aol debuts voice conferencing for consumers the aim voice conferencing service incorporates aim instant messenger 's presence technology, which allows people to see if friends and family are online and available to chat.
4			upgrade			reseller cdw upgrades abilities, ambitions company offers higher end equipment and new expertise for selling complicated combinations of products.
4			outsourcing	system	software	vendor			eds extends it automation deal with opsware for three years outsourcing vendor electronic data systems has renewed an agreement for it services from automation and utility software company opsware that could be worth $ 145 million over eight years.
4			microsoft	system	software	player	version			microsoft reinvents itself as eu holds firm microsoft nasdaq: msft says it will obey any directives issued by the european union over the modification of windows. european regulators have ordered the world's biggest software maker to offer a version of its operating system without its media player.
3			profit			dollar rallies from record lows vs euro the dollar rose, gaining ground from its fresh all time lows against the euro on thursday on profit taking in the euro after a government report showed that u.s. jobless claims fell in the latest week.
3			profit	sale			profit tumbles at may department stores news research reported dismal third quarter results tuesday, weighed down by its acquisition of marshall field 's and negative sales trends.
4			desktop	tool	use			google desktop search launched google released a new google desktop search tool today that allows people to scan their computers for information in the same way they use google to search the web. its ease of use, plus how it enhances the google search experience, make it a compelling product to use.
2			player	baseball	team			japan 's professional baseball players association threatens to go ... japan 's professional baseball players association says it will go on strike for the first time in its 70 year history if owners approve a proposed merger of two teams later this week.
4			platform	share	ibm	single	software	vendor	use	computing	access			ibm signs 100 software vendors to workplace platform ibm yesterday announced that 100 independent software vendors have signed on to use software from its workplace initiative, a new client computing model that gives employees a single way to access, share and manage
4			microsystems	generation	system	software	development	price			sun to give out operating system for free after investing roughly $ 500 million and spending years of development time on its next generation operating system, sun microsystems inc. on monday will announce an aggressive price for the software free.
4			ibm	software	technology	source			ibm, brazil partner to promote open source the first fruits of ibm and brazil's partnership is a new technology center that will provide open source software educational support.
3			profit	stock			stocks to watch wednesday the hard drive maker on tuesday raised its quarterly revenue and profit forecasts for the december quarter on strong seasonal demand for newer products, surpassing analysts' forecasts.
2			good	championship			among the well heeled at the world polo championships in chantilly maybe it's something to do with the fact that the playing area is so vast that you need a good pair of binoculars to see the action if it's not taking place right in front of the stands.
4			system	management	technology	server			improved power management planned for opteron company says laptop like technology will be useful in server systems, where it can help companies save on electricity and cooling costs in data centers.
4			hardware	computing	win			hp bags orders from 7 eleven, publix the computing giant wins two lucrative deals to provide retail network hardware and services.
2			cup	game			new format becomes a game of survival the chase for the nextel cup will begin in earnest sunday with the sylvania 300 at new hampshire international speedway. it will be the first event of nascar 's inaugural 10
3			integration	sale	share			gateway loss narrows on higher pc sales quarterly losses narrowed to $ 59 million, or 16 cents per share, from $ 139 million, or 43 cents per share, a year ago. excluding about $ 63 million in restructuring, transformation and integration costs, the
2			park	cup	race	win			ashado wins opening breeders cup race ashado grabbed the lead in the stretch and got the breeders cup off to a rousing start for trainer todd pletcher by winning the $ 2 million distaff at lone star park on saturday.
2			hockey	cup	game	championship			finnish line: they don't feel pressure the focus here the last couple of days has been on the health of canada goalie martin brodeur and whether his jammed left wrist would be healed enough for him to suit up tonight at the air canada centre for the world cup of hockey championship game against finland.
4			user	software	text			vodafone uk launches sms from pc software mobile operator vodafone uk has launched vodafone text centre, a service that allows users to send and receive text messages from pcs.
4			high	speed	technology			us fcc: high speed internet and television yesterday, michael powell, us federal communications commission fcc chairman said that technology and telecommunications companies are working on ways to develop pipe television shows to consumers homes via high speed internet lines.
4			ibm	software	development	code	use			ibm code for speech software to be open after decades of research and development, speech recognition is finally moving toward mainstream use. advances in statistical modeling, pattern matching algorithms and processing power have
4			britain	technology			lockheed martin to buy stasys ltd. defense contractor lockheed martin corp. on monday said it agreed to buy stasys ltd., a britain based technology and consulting firm specializing in network communications and defense interoperability.
2			player	coach	season			niners coach taking mental beating in nightmare season during the san francisco 49ers bye week, dennis erickson wants his players to get as far away as possible from their burgeoning disaster of a season.
1			president			proud france inaugurates world's highest bridge president jacques chirac inaugurated the world's highest bridge on tuesday, a creation taller than the eiffel tower, longer than the champs elysees and designed to end a traffic bottleneck in southern france.
4			technology			lucent eyes retiree benefit cuts lucent technologies inc., one of the world 's biggest telecommunications equipment makers, is planning additional cuts in retiree health care benefits, according to a published report wednesday.
4			technology			swiss cast votes online in referendum swiss authorities hailed as a success a test of internet voting in a national referendum, even as computer security experts remain skeptical that any online balloting could ever be secure using current technologies.
3			profit	retailer	vendor	bankruptcy			3 former kmart execs charged with fraud three former kmart executives and representatives of several major vendors were charged on thursday with fraudulently accounting for $ 24 million of profit before the retailer filed for bankruptcy in 2002.
1			party	democrat	howard	election			dean urges dems to stick to convictions howard dean, with an eye on leading the democratic party in the wake of widespread election losses, said wednesday that democrats must campaign on their convictions and not give into the temptation to behave like republicans.
4			user	platform	ibm	collaboration			ibm sheds light on next notes domino ibm lotus is stepping up efforts to reassure users that its notes domino collaboration platform isn't on the chopping block and will survive well into the future.
4			software	microsoft	version			microsoft plans to announce new media center microsoft corp., world 's largest software company, is planning to launch 2005 version of their media center software program on oct. 12.
1			parliament	opposition			rally against ukraine vote swells opposition presidential candidate viktor yushchenko took a symbolic oath of office in his country's parliament tuesday as supporters rallied to challenge official vote counts that gave an insurmountable lead to his opponent.
3			stock	holding	share			xm satellite convertible debt priced xm satellite radio holdings inc. xmsr.o: quote, profile, research on thursday said a $ 300 million offering of senior notes convertible into common stock has been priced at $ 50 a share.
2			game			halo 2' clears record $ 125 million in first day lofty figure backs up predictions that game would eclipse even the biggest hollywood openings.
4			good	mac	software	developer			mac skeptic: apple's isight, a webcam and more software developers have made the isight good for much more than just video chat.
2			sport			it's a fancy move from espn barely a year after an internal investigation into espn's boxing program led to the dismissal of its long time boxing coordinator and a shakeup in its approach that left many small time promoters losing money just to put a show on the network, espn has decided to fight for a niche in the sport long the property of hbo and showtime.
4			retailer	technology			7 eleven deploys hp technology in 5,300 u.s. stores the five year, $ 55 million deal is designed to help the convenience retailer improve customer service while boosting efficiency and productivity.
4			minute	energy	technique	system	technology	space	use	drop	standard			space technology creates new era in cosmetics cool your product from 22 c to 2 c in just two minutes with no electricity, simply by 100 natural evaporation, using an advanced simulation technique from europe's ariane launcher. we have managed to develop a controlled fast cooling system, without the use of outside energy, where the temperature drops 70 times faster than in a standard refrigerator, says fadi khairallah, founder of thermagen, the company behind this innovation...
3			share			telkom welcomes bee deal, shares soar following monday 's announcement that a black economic empowerment bee consortium had concluded an agreement to acquire the remaining 15.
4			software	microsoft			google muscles in on microsoft turf not too long ago, google inc seemed little more than a nuisance to microsoft corp 's software domination. no more. as google rapidly rolls out new products, the company best known for its wildly popular search
4			microsoft	tool	software	patch	developer	flaw			microsofts spam plan rejected microsoft corp has released a patch for its latest critical rated security flaw affecting its windows, office and developer tools software programmes.
4			round	technology			lucent partners with riverstone lucent technologies said thursday that it will partner with ethernet equipment maker riverstone networks to round out its product lineup.
2			stadium			spills apart, india hold edge in thriller the chidambaram stadium on saturday was like a cauldron in which about 40,000 people were sweating profusely but their eyes were still glued to the ground.
4			retailer	technology	copy			french investigators probe copy protected cds emi and retailer fnac face legal challenge over antipiracy technology that blocks discs from playing on some devices.
2			play	good	game	side			bungling bengals play running broncos the broncos are an example of how good things can be when the running game is working. their opponent tonight, the bengals, are an example of the flip side.
1			leader	summit	opposition			eu to work toward ending china arms ban at an eu china summit on wednesday, the eu said now was not the time to lift its arms embargo on china. however, eu leaders held out the prospect of ending the ban perhaps next year, despite opposition from the us.
2			play	player			toshiba presses play on 60gb audio player com september 27, 2004, 2:20 pm pt. toshiba on monday announced in japan that it 's upping the song capacity of its gigabeat line of hard drive based digital audio players.
1			crisis	president			philippines may face argentine style crisis the philippines was in the midst of a fiscal crisis and the public should be prepared to make sacrifices, president gloria arroyo said yesterday.
4			user			google in china: politically correct? one of the best things i like about the internet is the boundary less nature of this amazing network. i can check out user views of people from here in india around the world on the india issues.
3			good			new boarding school teaches weight control methods required exercise at 7 a.m. sharp. no personal televisions or computers. a cafeteria bereft of potato chips and candy bars but full of good for you vegetables. mal mahedy's new school has tons of rules that other teens would find intolerable.
2			medal	war	game			athens games a watershed in war against cheats it started with a missed drugs test and ended with a stripped gold medal. in between it was dominated by steroids, stimulants and diuretics.
4			crm	suite	management	feature	application			adds customization, partners customer relationship management crm specialist is adding customization features to its hosted suite as well as increasing its reliance on partners to develop complementary applications.
3			retailer			to acquire inc. amzn said thursday it has agreed to buy ltd., china's largest online retailer of books, music and videos, for $ 72 million...
4			outsourcing	software	microsoft	technology			microsoft inks deals with infosys, wipro software giant microsoft corp. signed software partnerships monday with india's leading outsourcing firms, infosys technologies ltd. and wipro ltd., and stepped up plans to hire more programmers in india.
3			share			biogen mulling bid for ireland's elan u.s. drug company biogen idec is considering an all share bid of more than 8.5 billion euros $ 10.6 billion for irish peer elan, a newspaper reported on sunday.
3			management			anger management we all want to get our way with those toll free customer service reps. but if you've ever wondered whether it's better to drip honey or cuss bitterly while you're being recorded for quality assurance purposes, here's your answer: it's okay to throw a hissy fit.
3			chain	earnings			krispy kreme operating chief quits krispy kreme doughnuts inc.'s john tate quit as chief operating officer amid a government probe of the chain's accounting and earnings forecasts.
1			leader	president			namibia set to elect new leader campaigning ends ahead of namibia's presidential poll, which will elect a successor to president sam nujoma.
3			profit	software	sale			peoplesoft logs profit, rising sales peoplesoft reported a profit and rising revenue thursday, as the pleasanton software company sought to steady its footing after several setbacks in its fight against rival oracle's 7.7 billion hostile takeover bid.
4			software			eu clears oracle 's takeover bid for peoplesoft the european commission approved us software company oracle 's 7.7 billion dollar takeover bid for its american rival in the business software market peoplesoft on tuesday.
4			technology	cell	win	developer			motorola acquires meshnetworks motorola inc. is acquiring meshnetworks inc., developer of a technology that makes it easy to set up and expand wireless networks, in a deal expected to help the world's no. 2 cell phone maker win more government business.
3			investor	software	share			as software world awaits ruling, oracle extends offer with the future of its $ 7.7 billion takeover attempt of peoplesoft inc. resting in the hands of a federal judge, oracle corp. is once again extending its tender offer for investors to tender their shares.
1			leader	party	election			majority leader faces balancing act in senate washington ; leading the majority party in the senate, a job that has been likened to herding cats, is tough enough in ordinary times. for majority leader bill frist r tenn. , last week's republican election triumphs paradoxically made the job tougher yet.
2			visit	game	team			making seamless transition to paralympics will be a challenge ... how to make a seamless transition from the olympics to the paralympics is one of the lessons a five member team from the vancouver 2010 organizing committee is learning during a visit to the athens paralympic games, said vanoc ceo john
2			game	sale			psst, sony 's handheld game goes on sale in japan on dec 12 if you are heading for japan in december, here 's something that you may want to include in your shopping list. sony 's playstation portable, which will mark the japanese electronics and entertainment giant 's
2			team	coach	football	boston			facing rocky road? rocky hager says give him at least a half hour and he'll tell you how much he's enjoyed his stay in boston as coach of the northeastern football team.
3			investment	value	price			lazard chairman backs flotation at a price michel david weill has approved a flotation of lazard that values the investment bank his family founded at $ 3.4 billion. the approval is on condition that bruce wasserstein, the wall street dealmaker running the firm, resigns if the deal fails.
4			standard	core			family tree maker 2005 deluxe; law order: justice is served; wwe smackdown! vs. raw the 12th edition of this genealogy program comes in three editions standard, deluxe and collector's but the core program is identical in all.
4			management	application	version	source			jboss brings open source to bpm jboss has released a new version of its open source business process management application, called jbpm.
1			talk			vw, unions hopeful of deal a deal seems to be taking shape in wage talks between volkswagen and the ig metall metalworkers union, the head of the works council at europe 's biggest carmaker said wednesday.
2			game	england	football			racism riddles spanish football the racist abuse suffered by england 's under 21 stars against spain on tuesday is a regular part of the spanish game, says an anti racism campaign body.
4			flaw	technology	attack			security pros warn of critical flaws in kerberos vulnerabilities in technology widely used for network authentication leave computers open to attack.
2			game			triumphant olympics end with pride, relief efharisto! a nervous world learned the greek word for thank you and repeated it endlessly at an astonishingly successful athens olympics that quelled fears, surprised skeptics and greatly honored the birthplace of the games.
4			president	technology			iran vows to develop peaceful nuclear technology iranian president mohammad khatami reiterated on saturday that iran would never seek nuclear weapons but was determined to develop peaceful nuclear technology, the official irna news agency reported.
1			politics	politician	arrest	election	party	victory			sex scandal rocks hong kong politics the arrest in south china of a hong kong pro democracy politician for hiring a prostitute has eroded support for his party and hurt its chance of victory in the city's legislative elections next month.
3			earnings	stock			a hot stock at 7 times earnings seaboard, a small agribusiness and transportation company, looks promising.
1			leader	nation	pas	election			congress works to pass intelligence bills congressional leaders on sunday would not guarantee passage of an overhaul of the nation's intelligence agencies by the november election but pledged to try to make it happen.
2			top	sport			renault says may make compact sports car french carmaker renault is thinking about making a compact sports car based on its clio city runabout, a top company executive said on thursday.
4			patent	software	developer			torvalds comes out against eu patent directive in the statement, issued tuesday, the three developers argued that the legislation, called the software patent directive, would be harmful to the european economy.
4			general	system	technology	standard	sport			gm, ford embrace new systems for suv stability general motors corp. and ford motor co. said yesterday that they are rushing to adopt a new safety technology called electronic stability control, and together they will make such systems standard on most of their large and mid size sport utility vehicles by the end of next year.
2			auto	game			newest gta is sure to please and outrage get some earplugs grand theft auto: san andreas is hitting stores, and the sound from cash registers ringing up copies of the video game could be deafening.
2			game	top			uk gamers rush to snap up doom 3 the eagerly anticipated doom 3 has stormed to the top of the uk games charts.
4			platform	processor	generation	desktop	ati	amd	system	technology	graphic			ati delivers chipset for amd platforms computer graphics specialist ati technologies nasdaq: atyt has unveiled a new chipset for desktop systems running amd's nyse: amd next generation 64 bit athlon and sempron processors.
1			ally			iceland offers fischer shelter but he said the gesture was not meant as a criticism of washington by iceland, a staunch us ally. no longer exists, according to laws that no one has been incriminated for before.
4			patent	kodak	microsystems	java	technology			kodak, sun settle java patent dispute kodak and sun microsystems have reached a settlement in their patent dispute over java technology, with sun agreeing to fork over $ 92 million to settle the suit.
2			championship			johnson sweeps darlington jimmie johnson has fought through mistakes, mechanical failures and the despair of losing friends in a plane crash to charge back into nascar 's closest championship battle ever.
2			game			eu pursues greece over games law the european commission takes greece to court for failing to change a law could ban people playing computer games at home.
2			dead	sport			ebersol's son feared dead after crash the 14 year old son of nbc sports chairman dick ebersol was presumed dead monday after a fiery jet crash that killed two crewmen and left the injured executive and another of his sons begging bystanders for help.
3			share			nokia to come out with 40 new handsets in 2005 nokia, the world 's largest maker of mobile phones, plans to bring 40 new handsets to the market in 2005 as it seeks to expand its already dominant market share in the face of increased competition from rivals motorola, samsung electronics and sony ericsson
4			system	vendor	top	flaw			top 20 security flaws revealed although companies need to protect against the flaws, many of the related information security risks and costs could be removed if businesses forced vendors to test systems before rollout, according
3			growth			idc raises '04 pc growth view, trims '05 projection boosted by the strongest demand from businesses since 1999, pc shipments this year will be higher than previously anticipated, research firm idc said today.
3			investor	high	earnings	share			dlr regains poise after zew slump news german investor confidence had plunged to its lowest level in almost 2 years gave the dollar much needed support on tuesday and european shares eased from 6 month highs after a mixed bag of earnings results.
4			cell	technology	developer			ericsson pulls bluetooth division the mobile developer disbands the unit that developed the short range wireless technology used in some cell phones and notebook pcs.
4			ibm	hardware			chinese firm buys ibm pc business ibm is selling its pc hardware business to number one chinese computer maker lenovo.
2			race			motor racing: mexico plans f1 race in 2006 mexico plans to host a formula one race in 2006 on a new track near the caribbean resort of cancun after more than a decade off the circuit, officials said thursday.
3			growth	buying			eyeing downturn, chip makers trim equipment buying the semiconductor industry is showing the first signs of slowing growth, trimming purchases of raw materials and production equipment as demand slows, industry executives and analysts said on tuesday.
1			talk			volkswagen says 'no room' for wage hikes automaker volkswagen said monday there is no room for wage increases this year as it prepares for pay talks with germany's largest industrial union.
4			feature			sony clie peg vz90 preview infosyncworld has a preview of sony 's new clie peg vz90 pda which features an oled display. its first new handheld is the clie peg vz90, which also manages to take the crown as the first mainstream handheld
4			content			yahoo names media executive lloyd braun, ousted last year as the chairman of abc entertainment, will become head of entertainment and media content for yahoo, the company announced yesterday.
2			region	game	country			china bans a new computer video game shanghai, china dec 9, 2004 china has banned a new computer game for referring to taiwan and other regions claimed by china as separate countries.
1			nation	election			namibians cast their ballots namibian voters are casting their ballots in the nation 's presidential and parliamentary elections. in windhoek, people started arriving at the polling stations as early as 5am today.
4			flaw	system	database			u.s. government, companies warn of critical oracle flaws us cert has issued an alert citing several security flaws in oracle products that could be used to shut down or take control of vulnerable systems or to corrupt or steal data from oracle databases.
4			networking	country	technology			eurekster and friendster partner for friendster search engine eurekster and friendster partner for friendster search engine friendster, the social networking community, and eurekster, the internet search engine powered by community and social networking technologies, announced the launch of personalized internet search and navigation services on friendster networks in eight countries. friendster search, powered by eurekster, shows search results that have ...
3			chain	sale	rise			chain store sales rise in the oct 9 week u.s. chain store sales fell in the first week of october as increased customer traffic in malls failed to translate into bigger purchases, a report said on tuesday.
2			atlanta	stadium	game			prediction: georgia tech 23, virginia tech 20 game notes: the acc 's two tech schools meet up in atlanta this weekend, as the 22nd ranked virginia tech hokies come calling on the georgia tech yellow jackets in a thursday evening clash from bobby dodd stadium.
2			coach	club			troussier sets to take over marseille olympique marseille expected to reach a deal with former japan coach philippe troussier within 48 hours , said the french first division club thursday.
4			virus	technology	protection			mirapoint adds spam technology mirapoint plans to release a new rapid anti spam technology next week that offers real time protection against spam and many virus threats.
3			share			nortel shares down on news of criminal probe news of an rcmp criminal investigation of nortel networks and its financial accounting practices sent the company 's shares down slightly on tuesday.
2			player	movie	game			nintendo powers up the battle between the nintendo ds and sony psp handheld game players just heated up again. faced with the psps movie and music playback capabilities, nintendo announced yesterday that it will be releasing
2			game	season			video game market is hot elf ingenuity aside, if santa wants to make sure he has enough of the holiday seasons video game must haves, he had better start pre ordering now.
2			win	season	coach	game	source			mississippi coach david cutcliffe fired after 4 7 season oxford, miss. a source says david cutcliffe, the only coach in ole miss history to win at least seven games in his first five years, was fired by the university today.
3			investor	shareholder	price			investors duke it out in peoplesoft bid one major shareholder says it won't touch oracle's latest offer. another says it likes the price. who'll prevail?
4			sharing	file	technology			record labels cut deals with file sharing companies the major record labels, which refused initially to deal with the emerging online song file sharing technologies, have turned over a new leaf.
4			switch			cisco unveils advanced ip phone, catalyst switch improvements cisco today unveiled what it claimed is the world 's first gigabit ethernet gbe enabled ip phone, in addition to a raft of enhancements to its catalyst switching range designed to boost security, availability and performance.
4			cell	virus	software	symantec			trend micro gives away mobile security trend micro on monday followed in the footsteps of rivals like symantec by introducing anti virus and anti spam software for handhelds and smart cell phones.
4			technology	version			new induce act alarms foes cd burners, jukebox programs and wi fi routers are just a few of the technologies that could be threatened under a new version of the induce act, critics say.
3			jump	profit	sale			tesco sees profits jump to 822m supermarket giant tesco sees first half profits jump 24.2 to 822m $ 1.47bn and said its sales of non food items continues to grow.
3			growth	sale			corning's crystal clear future the company will continue to capitalize on the growth in lcd tv sales.
4			president	technology			iran wants to prove it has no nuclear ambitions iran is ready to prove to the world it is not producing atomic weapons if the west recognizes the islamic republic's right to have peaceful nuclear technology, president mohammad khatami said wednesday.
2			speed	race			can mr. chips transform intel? paul s. otellini, the probable new chief of intel, may have to lead the chip manufacturer in an industry where the race may be for creativity, not speed.
3			management			wachovia exec mcmullen retires wachovia corp. said thursday that don mcmullen jr., head of its capital management unit, is retiring at year end. he will be replaced by david carroll, 47, who has led the company 's merger integrations and corporate marketing.
3			profit	nation	earnings	stock	value			update 4: companies told to start expensing options the nation 's accounting rulemaker decided thursday that companies will have to begin deducting the value of stock options from their profits next year, reigning in a cheap way to compensate workers that had been abused by executives and clouded earnings.
3			producer	profit	system	growth			solid growth lifts cisco fortunes cisco systems, the it systems producer, records a strong start to the year with first quarter profits rising 29.
3			user	good			bye bye, floppy. it 's been good to know you if you re a computer user, you may have several of them stacked on your desk. we re talking about floppy disks and they are pretty much becoming extinct.
2			coach	game	redskin			redskins cut former starter ohalete he was demoted to third string a couple weeks ago, didn 't do exactly what the coaches wanted and was coming off a bad game. ifeanyi ohalete knew what was coming next.
4			science	system			penn granted $ 11.6m the university of pennsylvania has landed a five year, $ 11.6 million grant from the national science foundation to establish a center that will study the intersection of biological and physical systems at the molecular level.
2			winner	game	award			nobel prize winners set to be announced in a tradition that has become as venerable as the 103 year old nobel prizes themselves, the guessing game over who will take home the world's most coveted awards this week has entered full swing.
3			chain			ahold pays 811 million euros for ica stake dutch food retailing giant ahold announced it would take over a 20 stake in the ica swedish supermarket chain from norwegian canica group for 811 million euros.
4			tool	management	integration	application	access	version			oracle intros business intelligence 10g oracle today introduced the latest version of its business intelligence product which combines information access, analysis, reporting, data integration and management tools into a standalone application.
4			system	management	vendor			eight former peregrine systems execs indicted eight former executives of asset management and service management vendor peregrine systems inc.
2			english	league	club	coach	game			roundup: santini resigns as hotspur coach jacques santini has resigned as coach of tottenham hotspur after just 13 games in charge, the english premier league club announced friday.
4			general	system	software	technology	code			gm cto sees more code on future cars the relationship between general motors corp. gm and the software industry is set for some major changes over the next few years as software becomes a more important component of the automobile, said anthony scott, the chief technology officer of gm's information systems and services organization, at a conference of software industry executives tuesday in santa clara, california.
4			platform	run	system	ibm	single	software	server			ibm boosts power5 server portfolio ibm has rolled out new power5 server models i595 and p595. the ability to run multiple operating systems on a single server is a particularly attractive to customers handling an array of software platforms, says ibm 's guy paradise.
3			stock			bedding blip? rest assured just as you are getting comfortable, select comfort's stock collapses. but don't let mr. market's nightmares scare you away.
4			suite	enterprise			releases hosted ivr suite enterprise voice sites allows businesses to build and deploy pre packaged ivr solutions on a pay as you go usage model.
4			general	system	election	technology			nevada officials back e vote systems for primary, general election nevada election officials are confident that an electronic voting system being used in the sept. 7 primary and the november election will work as expected, despite a problem that occurred during a demonstration of the technology in california.
3			price	profit	share			teck cominco reaps metals bonanza soaring metals prices powered teck cominco to a record third quarter profit, the company said monday. teck said it made $ 120 million in the quarter 62 cents a share , almost eight times larger
3			investment			german bank sues barclays over losses hsh nordbank was pursuing legal proceedings against barclays to recoup losses on investments, a spokesperson for the german state owned bank said yesterday.
1			talk			volkswagen workers stage marches as difficult pay talks continue automaker volkswagen ag and germany 's biggest industrial union said tuesday they have made some progress in difficult pay negotiations, but were cautious on prospects of a quick deal in talks that were marked by worker protests.
2			title			west lafayette place to be for battle of unbeatens hope the college gameday crew which will be broadcasting from purdue 's campus for the first time can come up with a title that does justice to the marquee matchup saturday between the no.
4			java	engineer	ipod	linux	networking	technology	source			free ipod help us hire engineers! rojo is trying to hire a few engineers . rojo is an amazing company to work for. we're working with some really impressive technologies and doing some really cool work. if you're interested in rss atom, social networking, open source, java, linux, etc then i'd highly recommend that you come and work with us. if you suggest someone to rojo, and we hire them, we'll give you a free ipod. at the very minimum its a nice gesture for your help. also if you want a free invite to rojo please let me know. we'd love to have more feedback.
4			measure	talk	mail	technology			ownership of anti spam measure queried at talks internet companies have begun to change the way e mail works in order to weed out spam, but experts on tuesday clashed over whether the underlying technology should be controlled by any one company.
2			league	top	baseball	season	game	sport			major league baseball to create channel major league baseball has approved the creation of a national cable television channel devoted to the sport, but regular season games may be confined to the bench for the network 's first year, a top league ...
2			baseball	team			expos likely to be renamed nationals the expos are about to get their new name: the washington nationals. a city official and a baseball official, both speaking on condition of anonymity, said friday that the team will reveal its new name, cap
1			leader			pacific rim leaders vow antiterror efforts pacific rim leaders pledged yesterday to shore up global security and push ahead with the world trade organization's negotiations on lowering global trade barriers.
4			software	good	finance	version			finding what works for handling piggy bank personal finance software programs are the computer industry's version of veggies: everyone knows they're good for you, but it's just hard to get anyone excited about them.
4			suite	enterprise	linux	technology	red	distributor			red hat buys netscape technology linux distributor red hat announced that it has reached an agreement with america online to purchase several products derived from the netscape enterprise suite, including netscape directory
2			white	coach	game	country			pleat casts doubt over foreigners david pleat says tottenham 's managerial problems have been caused by too many foreign coaches at white hart lane. the former spurs manager told bbc five live: to understand how the game works in this country
4			platform	microsoft	software			microsoft, dassault systemes in strategic alliance microsoft corp. , the world's largest software maker, and france's dassault systemes have forged a global, 5 year strategic alliance to deliver dassault's 3d software to firms using the microsoft software platform.
3			sale			krispy kreme coo leaves for new job krispy kreme doughnuts inc. said on monday that its chief operating officer is leaving the company for another job, the latest setback for a company that is trying to recover from sluggish sales and an accounting probe.
4			player	technology	development			with few exceptions, the string remains the same professional and recreational players are unlikely to see major developments in racket string technology any time soon.
1			leader	party	president	fall			deng 's name used to pressure jiang the 100th birth anniversary of china 's late paramount leader deng xiaoping, which falls today, has been used by influential party elders to put pressure on former president jiang zemin to fully relinquish authority to his successor hu jintao.
2			game			gimme some skin! sure, the nintendo ds portable game machine is a technical wonder, with its super sensitive touch screen, built in wireless capability and
4			mouse	user	system	ottawa	technology	institute	scientist			nose replaces mouse to surf web dmitry gorodnichy, an inventor from the institute of information technology in ottawa, has developed a computer navigation system that relies on the movements of a user 's nose to direct a cursor, new scientist has reported.
1			country	election			megawati trailing people 's favourite about 140 million indonesians are expected to vote today in the country 's first direct presidential election, with incumbent megawati sukarnoputri hoping for a late surge of support to cling to office.
1			leader	race			defrocked irish priest gets one year suspended sentence : a misdemeanor court convicted a defrocked irish priest for tackling the marathon leader during the olympic race and on monday gave him a one year suspended sentence.
3			value			rising canadian dollars to test canadian economy the record surge in the value of the canadian dollar is going to test the canadian economy, financial analysts here warned. the canadian dollar, after briefly rose above 85 us
4			processor	army	team	system	technology	server	use			xserve g5 supercluster when the hypersonic missile technology team at colsa corporation and the u.s. army need to model hypersonic flight on a computer system, they ll no longer have to wait two months to get results. they now can use one of the world 's largest and most powerful computers: a supercluster of 1,566 64 bit, dual processor apple xserve g5 servers. sep 14
2			player	brawl	football	season			two illini football players plead guilty two university of illinois football players will serve eight day jail sentences when the season ends after pleading guilty wednesday to misdemeanor battery charges stemming from a barroom brawl.
4			software	vendor			lindows delays planned offering software vendor lindows inc. formally postponed its initial public offering yesterday, citing adverse market conditions.
2			police	run	sport			cannonball run road rally thwarted spanish police have temporarily seized luxury and sports cars driven by people they suspected of participating in an illegal road rally named after a 1981 film starring burt reynolds.
2			season			bronc's elliss out for year with bad back broncos defensive lineman luther elliss will miss the rest of the season because of a herniated disc in his lower back.
2			united	game	sport			swimming: olympic star phelps rocks swimming like aqua beatles indianapolis, united states : michael phelps has changed the sport of swimming with his stunning effort at the athens olympics. now phelps must learn how much fame has changed him as his journey begins to the 2008 beijing games.
2			play	fan	game	team			italian team ordered to play without fans the italian team lazio was ordered friday to play its next european game without fans as punishment for a game last month marked by racial taunts from the stands.
3			sale	crm	application	enterprise			peoplesoft tries out crm in a blackberry enterprise sales for blackberry is designed to deliver full application functionality, including alerts on hot sales leads, prescriptive analytics, and remote security.
1			election			pre election suits feed election doubts voters can be forgiven for assuming the courts may once again settle the presidential election.
4			use	platform	microsoft			microsoft claims partnership creates 1,000 .net platforms executives with hewlett packard and microsoft have disclosed that a 2 year old partnership created to promote the use of .net for web services has resulted in the installation of 1,000 .
4			content			multimedia goes mobile at ctia mobile operators, content providers and other participants at the ctia wireless it and entertainment trade show this weekin san franciscowill be gearing up for an expected boom in mobile multimedia in the u.s.
2			sport			changing directions slogan: all the news that's fit to print in four paragraphs or less they got together the last couple of weeks and asked the staff to vote for the 10 things to change in sports.
3			share	profit	earnings	rise	retailer			lowe's sees profit rising in 2005, 2006 home improvement retailer lowe's cos. on tuesday said it expects diluted earnings per share rising in both 2005 and 2006 as it benefits from increased remodeling activity and a rise in home ownership.
1			party			tories to sign up online recruits the tories are to recruit members online rather than making people join the party through local associations.
1			party	top	showdown			mugabe conquers in bitter zanu pf power showdown zimbabwe 's ruling zanu pf old guard has emerged on top after a bitter power struggle in the deeply divided party during its five yearly congress, which ended yesterday.
4			speed	system	supercomputer	upgrade	mac			virgina tech 's system x supercomputer rebuilt for speed as if being the fastest university supercomputer wasn 't enough, virginia tech 's power mac g5 based machine just got an upgrade to make it even faster.
4			technology			asian telecom firms come together seven asian mobile phone firms are joining together to form an alliance that will invest $ 30m to $ 40m in new technologies.
4			software			ca may be close to settling fraud charge computer associates international inc. and federal prosecutors reportedly are near a deal that could end a two year accounting fraud investigation of the software company.
1			president			immucor ceo is subject of criminal probe immucor inc. on tuesday said president and chief executive gioacchino de chirico will step aside as ceo while the company investigates a criminal probe into de chirico and an italian subsidiary.
4			system	software	microsoft	player			south koreans widen microsoft probe south korean regulators have widened a probe into microsoft 's local subsidiary over allegations the us software giant violated trade rules by tying its media player program to its windows operating system, the regulators said monday.
4			software	microsoft	content	enterprise			sybari offers security for im, sharepoint sybari software today added antigen 8.0 for microsoft sharepoint and antigen 8.0 for instant messaging, two antivirus, antispam, and content filtering security software products for enterprise environments.
4			silicon			the start of something big? cnet 's michael kanellos says start ups and their innovative ideas are the lifeblood of silicon valley.
4			producer	top	networking	technology	alternative	access			cellular alternative to dsl, cable net in the works a top networking gear producer plans to offer a speedy new cellular technology that's an alternative to dsl and cable internet access with the added advantage of being available on the road.
2			championship			peugeot and citroen to pull out of racing peugeot and citroen are to withdraw from the world championship at the end of 2005, the psa group that owns them announced yesterday, just two days after ford reaffirmed its commitment to the competition.
4			system	ibm			honda enhances speech recognition system honda motor co., with help from partner ibm corp., is preparing to introduce an improved speech recognition system that will allow drivers to get voice navigation guidance without having to manually punch in any information or take their eyes off the road to read a computer screen.
3			investment			update 3: commerzbank to cut 900 banking workers commerzbank ag said tuesday it had narrowed its third quarter net loss but was slashing 900 of the 2,000 jobs in its investment banking division, practically eliminating the unprofitable department.
4			final	software	enterprise			oracle extends offer for peoplesoft again oracle yesterday extended its controversial bid for enterprise resource software provider peoplesoft, while both companies await the final judge 's ruling in the department of justice doj anti competition case.
2			marlin	game	cub			ho hum results at wrigley the cubs glass had to be half empty because these were two games they should have swept. the marlins wound up half full because these were two games they had every excuse to surrender.
4			use	microsoft	technology			swatch to sell microsoft based wireless watches swiss watchmaker swatch on wednesday introduced paparazzi watches that use microsoft 's smart personal objects technology spot , giving dick tracy wannabes yet another watch brand to choose from.
1			talk	president	dialogue			dialogue only way to solve irans nuclear case, says khatami tehran: talks and negotiations are the only way to resolve irans nuclear standoff with the west, iranian president mohammad khatami said on wednesday.
2			championship	season			peugeot, citroen will withdraw at com staff writers. the parent company of peugeot and citroen has announce that due to the economy affecting the car market, they will withdraw from world rally championship competition at the end of the 2005 season.
4			integration	user	system	access			nokia, land rover create phone system for suvs the personal telephone integration package works with land rover vehicles audio system to provide users access to mobile phone functions such as viewing and selecting phone book entries, initiating
4			jeff	technology			technology worker opens shop for digital photos only all jeff goulston wanted was a little job security. having watched thousands of jobs get shipped overseas, the technology consultant saw his long term prospects drying up.
1			growth	debate			september job growth weaker than expected u.s. businesses added 96,000 jobs to payrolls in september, the government reported on friday, a weaker than expected total that was expected to sharpen a presidential debate later in the day over the economy's direction.
4			design	silicon	enterprise			tivo backer alsop to leave vc firm prominent venture capitalist at silicon valley's new enterprise associates wants to see if i can design a working life for myself.
2			basketball	player			rape inquiry expands a third la salle university basketball player has been charged with rape over an alleged 2003 sexual encounter with a female la salle player.
4			system	share			arm hands over $ 910m for us chip firm arm is to pay $ 910m 504m in cash and shares for artisan, the us based transistor level designer for systems on a chip. arm chairman sir robin saxby said in a conference call: this will be a combination
1			leader	priority	president			china celebrates deng anniversary china has hailed its late former leader den xiaoping on the 100th anniversary of his birth. president hu jintao praised deng as a man who made the people 's interests a priority.
4			investment	cent	technology			st telemedia, tm international to acquire 48 per cent stake in ... singapore technologies telemedia st telemedia and tm international, the international investment arm of telekom malaysia together as a consortium , have entered into definitive agreements to acquire a 47.7 per cent stake in idea cellular idea
1			leader	president			peru leader shocks with tv tirade peru's president toledo faces a backlash after tv audiences hear him harangue and insult a presenter by telephone.
1			party	hit	election			latest conspiracy theory hits the ether even as sen. john f. kerry's campaign is steadfastly refusing to challenge the results of the presidential election, the bloggers and the mortally wounded party loyalists and the spreadsheet wielding conspiracy theorists are filling the internet with head turning allegations.
2			season			brockton upends st. john's prep the boxers were supposed to be vulnerable, coming off their first loss of the season at the hands of xaverian.
3			value			mci planning to write down phone assets mci said it planned to take a $ 3.5 billion charge in the third quarter to better reflect the loss in value of its phone and data networks, mirroring similar steps by at t and sprint.
2			football	pas	play	single	second	game			the marshall pass sparks trojan rally a single play changed the entire scope of the biggest game in troy university football history. with 6:49 remaining in the second quarter and the trojans trailing the no.
4			technology	developer			update: motorola to acquire meshnetworks motorola has agreed to buy meshnetworks, a developer of technology and products for rapidly deployed, self creating wireless mobile networks.
3			investor	jean			french market watchdog fines vivendi, former ceo french regulators tuesday fined vivendi universal sa and its former boss jean marie messier nearly $ 1.4 million each for deceiving investors with inaccurate financial communications issued over a two year period.
4			development			intel takes control of itanium from hp hewlett packard has decided to end their efforts on active development of the itanium chip, which is in the making for a decade now.
4			tool	user	mac	switch			the imac g5: a pc user migrates to a mac computerworld columnist yuval kossovsky touts the new imac g5 to his wife and she makes the switch from her pc with the help of a few migration tools.
3			management	stock			spx board amends compensation programs spx corp.'s board amended its management restricted stock and director compensation programs the day after its chairman and chief executive resigned, the company said on friday.
4			hardware	app	microsoft	tool	software	sale	game			tool connects halo with ... excel the video game halo 2 is considered a killer app for microsoft 's xbox game console a piece of software popular enough to drive big sales of the underlying hardware.
4			microsoft	system	software	ship	version			microsoft targets 2006 for next windows the next version of the windows operating system, microsoft corp.'s flagship product, will ship in 2006, the world's largest software maker said on friday.
1			president			clinton stumps for newest search engine ex president bill clinton last week delivered the keynote address at the launch of a new business focused search engine.
2			coach	kick	football			spain coach facing 'slap on wrist the kick racism out of football campaign believe luis aragones will receive little more than a slap on the wrist after the spanish football federation yesterday belatedly opened a disciplinary
4			profit	technology			micron technology posts profit micron technology inc. mu.n: quote, profile, research , the no. 3 computer memory chip maker, on wednesday reported a quarterly profit on stronger pricing, reversing a year earlier loss.
3			management	holding			sabre buys reservation services company sabre holdings corp. , owner of the travelocity web site, on thursday said it agreed to buy privately held synxis corp., a provider of reservation management services to hotels, for $ 40 million.
4			tool	project	source			actuate joins eclipse, starts open source bi project after joining the eclipse foundation, the company launches a project to create open source business intelligence and reporting tools.
2			basketball	team	play			iverson breaks thumb allen iverson breaks his right thumb but plans to play anyway tuesday for the u.s. men's basketball team, which is coming off a loss to puerto rico.
2			nba	game	season			nba considering taking games to china the nba is considering playing some of its regular season games in china, commissioner david stern said friday.
2			detroit	team	tiger	series	park	game	match			detroit tigers team report september 22 the detroit tigers continue their three game series with the cleveland indians in tonight 's rubber match at comerica park.
2			stadium	baseball			baseball notes nov. 10 the chairwoman of the district of columbia council delayed a vote on a plan to build a baseball stadium on the anacostia river in southeast washington that would host the montreal expos.
3			good	developer			sony wants household appliance dominance, snorts tecmo boss doa developer head ranks the ps3 alongside microwaves, cookers and tv sets, it would seem... 14:21 oh, how we enjoy a good old dig from the big boys.
4			grid	ibm	technology	application	computing			ibm steps up grid partner plan waltham, mass. ibm is ramping up its recruitment efforts with application companies in an effort to make an emerging distributed computing technology, called grid computing, pervasive in corporations.
4			injury	patent	technology			jury tells medtronic to pay $ 400 million a federal jury awarded $ 400 million in punitive damages wednesday to a doctor who accused a medical technology company of infringing on his patents for a surgical device to treat spinal injuries.
1			election	president	opposition			ukrainians vote for president amid fears of rigging and unrest ukrainians cast ballots in a presidential election sunday that has raised fears of post election unrest in this ex soviet republic, and the opposition complained of election violations just hours into the voting.
4			ibm	amd	technology			ibm and amd partnership extended through 2008 amd and ibm have extended their cpu technology agreement through the end of 2008. originally signed in december 2002, the alliance was originally slated to wind up at the end of 2005.
4			switch			senate panel to vote on digital tv bill a critical senate committee plans to vote this week on legislation that would require broadcasters to abandon their current analog tv channels and switch solely to digital transmissions by 2009.
2			baseball	victory	team	series			from start to finish, it was always usc you often see thoroughbred horses do it. baseball teams have jumped out ahead in the standings and stayed there all the way through to a world series victory.
2			leader	team			super solberg shows way in sardinia. subaru team leader petter solberg has established a comfortable lead following leg one of the rally italia sardinia today friday, the norwegian 30.
4			user	system	broadband			numbering system announced for internet phone users the internet is receiving its own batch of phone numbers for voice over broadband vob phone services, the uk 's telecom regulating body ofcom announced today.
3			investor	fund			dig below the hype companies dish out whenever a mutual fund company makes an announcement designed to build the public 's excitement and interest, investors should start looking for the answer to one simple question: what 's the big deal?
4			team	developer			westfield and multiplex team up to bid for chelsfield melbourne: global shopping mall owner westfield group will team up with australian developer multiplex group to bid 585mil us $ 1.
2			player			sony in tune over digital music but, if the digital music player becomes as ubiquitous as the vcr, at least there won 't be thousands of us forever cursing: i bought a bloody sony.
4			siemens	standard	vendor			mobile vendors tie up for mobile tv nokia, nec, motorola, siemens, and sony ericsson have announced their tie up to decide on a common standard to deliver tv shows straight to the mobile phone over a mobile broadcast network.
1			leader			iran flip flopping on nuclear agreement the west is trying to bully iran into giving up its nuclear program, iran 's supreme leader said on monday. tehran once again appeared to be flip flopping on its agreement
2			trophy	match			durham provides dark blues masterclass oxford, the pre match favourites, reclaimed the mmc trophy in one of the better varsity matches for some time here yesterday. but this, the 123rd staging of the annual amateur
3			good			log in, rock on gone are the days of having to buy a music album to get one good song and of having to traipse to a music shop to do so. online music stores have taken off in the past year, thanks in no small part to apple 's
4			patent	speed	share	license	technology			sony and samsung to cross license patents sony corp. 6758.t: quote, profile, research and samsung electronics quote, profile, research said on tuesday they had agreed to share patents on basic technology to speed up
2			champion			nature and nurture, the recipe for olympic gold olympic champions have their parents to thank for their physiology but no one is born a world record holder. that also requires training, nutrition, desire, and determination.
4			system	networking			cisco gives linksys rebate to the upwardly mobile cisco systems introduced a rebate program on friday to encourage owners of its linksys home networking gear to trade up to higher end products.
4			cell			cingular's quiet takeover change is coming for at t wireless's 21.7 million customers although they wouldn't know it from watching the company's commercials or shopping in its stores. the cell phone provider is expected to complete its $ 41 billion merger with cingular wireless within weeks.
1			leader			is interest in online music fading? research firm npd group says that, while apple computer 's itunes service remains the clear market leader in the sector, the number of paying customers using such services has declined since april.
3			investment	buying	sale			nab tests the water for sale of its irish banks national australia bank yesterday announced it had hired the investment bank lazards to gauge buying interest for its irish banks, signalling it was prepared to leave part of its european market.
4			space	use	code			internet accounts offer free web space to host your site downside is having to learn to use html code. internet explorer 's autocomplete function remembers passwords, but experts say it creates a security risk.
4			user	broadband	technology			global dsl subscriber base crosses 78m report with 30m subscribers added in the 12 months leading up june 30, 2004, the number of global users of the dsl broadband technology reached 78m, according to the latest data produced for the dsl forum, the international dsl trade association, by industry
4			ibm	software	server	application	computing			ibm makes websphere smarter to improve business continuity ibm is fleshing out its on demand computing strategy with the release later this year of websphere 6.0, the next incarnation of its flagship application server software.
2			play	player			vijay 's officially the man legendary golfer jack nicklaus had vijay singh in mind recently when he talked about why some players endured and others did not. there are some guys who play as a means to an end, nicklaus said.
1			party	election	president	defeat			taiwan chen's pro independence party loses poll taiwan president chen shui bian's party suffered a surprise defeat on saturday in elections likely to be welcomed in beijing as a step back from what it sees as dangerous moves toward independence from mainland china.
2			magic	team	wizard	win	game			orlando magic team report november 10 the much improved orlando magic will take aim at their fourth win in five games tonight, when they take on the washington wizards at the mci center.
4			microsoft	license	software	code	project	source			microsoft to release third open source project microsoftwatch: the redmond software firm is set to make available more of its code under an open source license on tuesday. microsoft is preparing to release a third piece of code under an open source license
1			leader			tapp tops hokie 'd' defensive end darryl tapp ranks among the acc's sack leaders and as a result, has yet to relinquish the hokie defense's most prized possession: the pail.
3			stock			colonial bancgroup to buy union bank colonial bancgroup inc. on tuesday said it agreed to acquire union bank of florida in a cash and stock transaction, adding union 's 18 branches to its network of nearly 300 locations.
2			side	team	win			update 2 rugby nine try new zealand cruise past italy an experimental all blacks side ran in nine tries to cruise to a 59 10 win over italy at rome 's stadio flaminio on saturday. the home team were never in the contest after a torrid
4			feature			boom times ahead for smartphones the popularity of mobiles packed with features is set to explode as they get better and cheaper, say analysts.
3			nation	sale	retailer			retailers post weak sales in november from discounters to department stores, the nation 's retailers reported bleak november sales yesterday, raising doubts about holiday sales prospects.
2			final	game	lion			playing indoors will make for a different game in west final, says ... wally buono expects a different game when the saskatchewan roughriders come in from the cold to face the bc lions in sunday 's cfl west final.
4			infrastructure	priority	microsoft	enterprise	identity	core	project			microsoft math: dual core licensed as one chip com october 18, 2004, 9:50 pm pt. this fourth priority 's main focus has been enterprise directories as organizations spawn projects around identity infrastructure.
4			technology			apple 's itunes now accepting paypal customers at apple computer 's itunes store will now be able to pay for their songs, albums and gift certificates using paypal, a virtual wallet technology owned by ebay.
4			microsoft	software	code	access	source			microsoft expands program on source code microsoft corp. is expanding a program to give government organizations access to some of its tightly guarded software blueprints amid growing competition from rivals who make such source code freely available.
1			talk			hotels, union end talks, prepare for strike negotiators for 14 major district hotels walked out of contract talks with the union that represents 3,800 employees yesterday afternoon, raising the prospect of a work stoppage as early as today at the city's largest hotels.
1			politician	race			film star politician dies in philippines the philippine film legend who came close to defeating gloria arroyo in the presidential race in may died early today after suffering a stroke.
4			technology	price			infineon to plead guilty in memory chip case becomes the first company to plead guilty to conspiring with manufacturers to fix the prices of dram chips in a 2 year probe. washington san francisco: germany 's infineon technologies ag has agreed to plead
3			investment			lazard go ahead has sting in tail michel david weill, the septuagenarian chairman of investment bank lazard, has finally given his consent to a 1.7bn wall street float that would end more than 150 years of private ownership for the venerable city firm.
4			hardware	supply	ibm	software	technology	computing			ibm, fla. university look to autonomic computing research ibm will supply florida international university with hardware and software so the university can do research on how technology can be used to better protect patient privacy and reduce waiting room time.
4			software	microsoft	management			eu stops clock on contentguard investigation the european commission has stopped the clock on its antitrust investigation into digital rights management software maker contentguard, a joint venture between microsoft and time warner, pending further information on the deal, it announced on wednesday.
4			user			wi fi nets get security makeover the update uses stronger encryption and does a better job of letting only authorised users join wireless nets. the improvements have been made to re assure businesses that wi fi networks can be made safe enough to be really useful and widely deployed.
2			sport			honda and regulators meet on engine fires in s.u.v.'s honda told regulators that faulty gaskets are a major factor in an engine problem that has led to fires in its crv sport utility vehicles.
2			fan	club			yorke considers quitting birmingham dwight yorke may quit birmingham city in the wake of alleged racist taunts received from blackburn fans. the telegraph says yorke is upset by the lack of support he has had from plc chairman david sullivan and is now considering his future at the club.
3			sale			washington bound expos hire ticket agency the expos cleared another logistical hurdle in their move to washington on friday, announcing an agreement with ticketmaster to handle ticket sales.
2			country	coach	championship			former belgium coach goethals dies at 83 former belgium coach raymond goethals, who took his country to third place at the european championship in 1972, died on monday aged 83.
3			investor			disney begins new ceo hunt bowing to pressure from investors, disney 's board of directors said yesterday that it expects to name a successor to embattled disney chief michael eisner by next june.
1			reform			us to vote on intelligence reform the us congress is ready to vote on sweeping changes to the country's intelligence agencies.
2			stadium	game			ode to ancient games, nudity and all the olympics may have returned to the land of their birth, but even as these games wind down, the stadiums in athens remain eerily empty. so perhaps the organizers should take some lessons from the ancient greeks. the hosts of those original olympics never had trouble luring spectators: the games were packed for nearly 1,200 years.
2			game			game data: ohio state at iowa we have all of the pertinent data, the abc coverage map, depth charts and one man 's prediction for saturday 's game at iowa 3:30 pm .
2			team			google, 5 big libraries team to offer books google inc. has partnered with five of the world 's leading libraries, including those at stanford and harvard, to digitally scan their collections so that the books can be searched, and in many cases read, online free of charge.
2			race			self described 'bad marathoner' takes men's race many thought hendrik ramaala of south africa might never get the hang of the marathon.
2			hit	baseball	player	season			sporting news names bonds player of the year san francisco giants slugger barry bonds was selected the sporting news 2004 baseball player of the year after a season in which he hit .
3			holding			ata announces layoffs ata airlines is laying off 156 employees. company spokeswoman erica keane isn 't commenting on reports that the indianapolis based ata is trying to sell all or part of its holdings.
4			generation			singtel tests video calls between fixed line and mobile phones singapore telecommunications singtel started trials of third generation 3g video calls between mobile and fixed line phones.
4			system			cisco plans to accelerate new product offerings cisco systems inc. , the world's largest maker of gear for directing internet traffic, plans to offer twice as many new products this year as ever in its history, its chief executive said on wednesday.
2			coach	england	team	win			england and india aim to buck trends england cannot win a one day international batting first while india coach john wright reckons his team are having trouble chasing totals.
2			player	team	win			whole latta heart geno auriemma told his team in the locker room that it was a no win situation. sylvia hatchell had been saying just the opposite to her players for weeks.
4			system	networking	switch	server			7 eleven turns to hp to streamline operations the rollout of new servers and networking switches in stores is part of a five year agreement supporting 7 eleven 's retail information system.
2			team			giants, vizquel agree to terms on 3 year deal free agent shortstop omar vizquel has agreed to terms with the san francisco giants, the team announced sunday. vizquel agreed to a $ 12.
4			space	standard	server			dell reenters the blade o sphere after talking up its new line of blade servers for months, dell went ahead today and delivered some product. dell, not surprisingly, is touting its new blade server as a space and cost saving improvement over standard 1u rack servers.
3			profit	gain	share			dell posts a higher quarterly profit dell inc. dell.o: quote, profile, research , the world 's largest personal computer maker, on thursday posted a higher quarterly profit, aided by market share gains and
4			mail	technology			frontbridge acquires messagerite for message archiving frontbridge technologies today announced the acquisition of messagerite to broaden the company 's service portfolio to include e mail and instant message archiving.
2			race			barrichello 's world record it wasn 't as important for the race itself as getting pole position, but rubens barrichello didn 't simply break the monza qualifying record he set a new world record for the fastest ever f1 qualifying lap, at just over 162mph.
1			leader	war	election			chechens mark birthday of slain leader ahead of election chechens marked the birthday of their murdered leader monday, days ahead of an election to replace him at the helm of the caucasus republic where a five year guerrilla war shows no signs of dying down.
1			corruption	party			include party financing in corruption legislation munroe government senator professor trevor munroe, and a lobbyist for party financing regulation, yesterday described its omission from amended corruption legislation as a glaring gap , saying it could serve to further the influence of big business and the drug
4			team	technology	development			singulus, sony team up on blu ray development german compact disc and dvd equipment company singulus and japan's sony have teamed up to develop a new technology for music and video discs, singulus said on tuesday.
4			microsoft	feature			microsoft 's google killer arrives with a whuh? google 's executives might be sleeping a little easier this weekend after microsoft unveiled its much hyped new search engine. it 's fast, slick, and comes with a raft of interesting new features: confounding
4			user	hardware			xm, delphi deliver handheld satellite radio satellite radio provider xm radio has hooked up with hardware manufacturer delphi nyse: dph on a portable device that moves the emerging entertainment service out of the car and into the hands of users.
4			software	application	version			analysts, apple on logic, garageband the focus of apple computer inc. executives was on music wednesday as the cupertino, calif. based company released new versions of its professional music creation software logic, logic express and new jam packs for its consumer level application garageband. research analysts feel that apple's overall product strategy of offering multiple products from consumer to pro is sound.
4			point	virus	technology			infocus: detecting complex viruses the purpose of this paper is to examine the difficulties of detecting complex viruses, including polymorphic, metamorphic and entry point obscuring viruses. whether or not an anti virus av technology can detect these viruses can be a useful metric to consider when evaluating av products.
4			system	ibm	software	lawsuit			ibm ordered to pay court costs to compuware new york, september 28: compuware corp, a maker of software to manage computer systems, on monday said a federal court had ordered international business machines corp to pay certain pretrial court costs related to compuware 's ongoing lawsuit against the
2			game	dream			athens waves goodbye after 'dream' games hundreds of thousands of athletes, officials and visitors waved goodbye to athens in a post olympics exodus on monday, leaving city officials to probe a doping scandal that tarnished an otherwise dream games.
1			party	top	election			exit shinui the moment after shinui achieved its meteoric achievement of 15 knesset seats, the question was: can the party make the transition from a one issue, one election wonder to one of the top two national parties?
1			crisis	president			damascus feels beirut 's ripple effect he is jowly, uninspiring and favours shiny, wide knotted ties. he has served for six quiet years as president, yet his modest proposal last week that he be re elected was enough to unleash a constitutional and political crisis.
4			networking	card			palmone wi fi sd card review wireless networking for your zire 72, tungsten t3 or t5
1			parliament			unprecedented turnout in hong kong vote democracy candidates picked up at least one more seat in parliament, according to exit polls.
2			lab	drop	sport			bid to dismiss us sport drug case the head of balco, a us lab accused of supplying steroids to sport stars, asks a court to drop all charges.
3			leader	sale			look alert webex is watching the web conferencing leader will release a product for sales calls that watches clients to see whether they pay attention.
4			card	hardware	michigan	hacker	system			lowe's hardware hacker gets nine years one of three michigan men who hacked into the national computer system of lowe's hardware stores and tried to steal customers' credit card information was sentenced wednesday to nine years in federal prison.
2			play	game	wood	tiger			a lot to play for in skins game finale annika sorenstam calmly sank a short birdie putt on the ninth hole, earning a hug from tiger woods. more importantly, it kept $ 250,000 in play in the skins game in la quinta, calif.
2			medal	game	championship	win			americans win gold at world cyber games amid fanfare fit for actual world class athletes, five americans with really quick fingers took home the gold medal in the popular counter strike competition of the world cyber games championships, capping five days of intense gaming by the world's elite.
3			investor	stock			nortel misses third refiling deadline nortel networks corp. nt warned on thursday it will again delay filing restated financial results, shaking investor confidence in the leading telecom equipment maker and sending its stock lower.
2			game	top			doping probe of greeks staggers toward farce a doping probe that has dogged the host country's olympic games staggered toward farce on monday when a hearing involving greece's two top sprinters was postponed again.
2			season			one man 's opinion ucla review it 's hard to believe that, although i am typing this opinion after finishing the regular season 12 0, i am not as ecstatic as i should be .
3			profit	sale			applied materials reports profit in 3q applied materials inc., the world 's largest supplier of machines that make computer chips, tuesday said surging sales in its latest quarter surpassed its own and wall street estimates.
2			player	cricket	team	series			team india gets the sunny touch the cricket board has appointed gavaskar as consultant to the indian team for the test series beginning on wednesday. his job, according to gavaskar himself, is to help the players sort out their problems and advise them.
4			database	system	linux	software	version			sybase offers free database for linux in a bid to expand the customer base for its database software, sybase this week released a free, limited version of its software for deployment on linux systems.
2			season			charlotte bobcats pick up option on ely the charlotte bobcats picked up the option on center melvin ely for the 2005 06 season.
3			high	sale			sony previews high definition video camera sony is previewing a new camcorder that takes video in digital high definition quality for consumers. the four pound hdr fx1 device is set to go one sale next month in japan and around the world by the end of the year.
2			stadium	game	victory			rams pick right option the university of rhode island's 27 24 victory over the university of massachusetts yesterday at meade stadium was the sort of game the 4,376 on hand for homecoming day could savor.
4			processor	platform	ibm	standard			ibm to power china ibm this week pitched its power processor family as a de facto standard for consumer electronics, cars, communications kit and computers by launching a consortium to promote the platform to far eastern manufacturers.
3			share			virgin mary toastie sells for 15,000 a grilled cheese sandwich bearing the image of the virgin mary has been sold for nearly 15,000 on ebay. florida jewellery designer diana duyser auctioned off the ten year old toastie saying it was time to share her miracle with the world.
4			technology			photos: networks of tomorrow new communications technology could spawn future products. could your purse tell you to bring an umbrella?
4			system	management	technology			cisco to acquire it management firm cisco systems signed an agreement on thursday to acquire netsolve, which manages information technology systems, for $ 128.7 million in cash.
2			play	strength			sprint to cut 700 jobs, devalue assets sprint plans to accelerate efforts to get business customers to move to wireless and internet services. this strategy plays to our strengths by advancing our broad portfolio of wireline and
4			sbc	technology			analysis: sbc, others pose big challenge to cable to understand why phone industry executives are so excited about their plans to offer tv service, it helps to know about the technology that will make it possible.
3			high	sale			retail sales show festive fervour uk retail sales are better than expected in november as christmas shoppers flock to the high street.
1			president			update 2: starbucks ceo to retire in march 2005 starbucks corp. 's president and chief executive, orin smith, said tuesday he plans to retire early next year because he wants to slow down and focus on philanthropy, family and hobbies.
2			play			nintendo ds media adaptor soon soon japanese owners of the nintendo ds dual screen , their latest handheld console, and gameboy advance sp will be able to play music and video with a new adaptor on their pocket marvels.
4			tool	management			briefly: data center firms settle cookie suit roundup plus: nstor sells off telecoms management unit...nortel lowers expectations...microsoft connects with sap...autodesk updates hobbyist tool.
3			stock	share			devices up on medicare decision medical device stocks were in the spotlight wednesday with medicare 's proposal late tuesday to expand coverage for implantable cardioverter defibrillators, or icds, bolstering shares of those companies making the devices.
1			election	final	opposition			supreme court begins hearing final arguments in ukraine's election dispute kyiv, ukraine ap tens of thousands of opposition supporters partied in kyiv's main square thursday, erecting a christmas tree and waving orange flags in a show of confidence as the supreme court heard final arguments on whether to overturn disputed election results.
3			investor	stock	share			google investors revel in stock's success to all of the wall street naysayers, the talking heads and the bearish doubters, cyndi mackell and her 120 shares of google inc. have something to say.
2			sport	feature	second			open letter to tyler hamilton presents the second installment of a new feature called open letter. periodically we will identify a sports personality in the news and ask for your comments, written in an open letter form
4			user	tool	upgrade	software	flaw			winzip warns of security flaws users of the popular compression tool should upgrade their software, company says.
4			technology			'invisible' technology for olympics getting the technology in place for athens 2004 is an olympic task in itself.
1			leader	talk	nation	country			north korean official: pyongyang wants to continue nuclear talks chinese officials report that a senior north korean leader says his country wants to remain on track with six nation negotiations on its nuclear ambitions.
4			investor	software			peoplesoft bid hangs in balance us software giant oracle 's $ 9.2bn 4.9bn bid for rival peoplesoft was hanging in the balance on friday as investors pondered its takeover offer.
1			use	election			campaign ads stay off line, on air with the presidential election just a few weeks away, pressure is mounting on both camps to effectively use the internet to help woo voters but the ad money isn't flowing online.
3			growth	profit	earnings			nextel's profit rose by 69 in 3rd quarter nextel communications said earnings and subscriber growth for the full year would exceed initial estimates.
3			chain			blockbuster interested in hollywood chain blockbuster inc. bbi.n: quote, profile, research , the largest us video rental chain, on thursday said it has contacted hollywood entertainment corp.
1			party	war	president			anc seeks to calm war of words south africa's ruling party tries to soothe the tempers of president thabo mbeki and archbishop desmond tutu.
1			relation			china: relations with eu will suffer if arms embargo continues china has warned that continuing the european union eu arms embargo on beijing will negatively affect the relationship between them.
3			trading			northern cyprus trade ban lifted turkish cypriots begin trading with greek cypriots in the south for the first time in three decades.
1			race	minister	prime	president	opposition			ukraine's kuchma calls for calm on eve of poll ukraine's outgoing president on saturday implicitly called on people to vote for his prime minister in a close presidential race and told them to shun any protests urged by the opposition candidate.
2			baseball	season			baseball adopts nationals name the expos were rechristened the washington nationals yesterday with a few glitches and a tussle but just in time for the christmas shopping season.
4			cell	infrastructure	technology			airtel in jv with six cell firms in asia pac airtel has signed an agreement with six cellular operators to form bridge mobile alliance, which will invest $ 30 40 million over three years to build a shared infrastructure in asia pacific for mobile phone technology, report newswires.
4			player	software			can msn music unseat itunes? the software giant quietly raised the curtain for its msn music web site, which offers song downloads for 99 cents. the store also has a home in windows media player 10, which is slated to launch on thursday.
4			platform	microsoft	tool	technology	developer	application			microsoft focuses on apps modeling microsoft on tuesday is looking to extend visual modeling of applications in its visual studio 2005 platform, with an early release of technology to enable developers to author industry specific modeling tools.
1			politics	cabinet	president	concern	indonesia			indonesia 's president swears in new cabinet indonesia 's new president has sworn in his cabinet, a day after his inauguration. but some of the names in the new administration have raised concerns among observers that politics might have won out over practicalities.
4			science	technology			study: fill gov't science posts faster presidential appointments to senior science and technology posts should be filled more quickly and without regard to political affiliation, a new report from the nonpartisan national academies urged wednesday.
4			technology			nokia joins nfc fray some german bus commuters should soon try using their mobile phones as electronic wallets when a new trial of the technology called near field communications gets underway.
4			system			vonage in deal with cisco in subscriber push internet phone service vonage on tuesday said it has struck a deal with cisco systems inc. csco.o to sell vonage ready equipment at hundreds of retail stores in a bid to boost new subscriptions.
4			user	microsoft	software	patch			microsoft issues special patch for ie hole users should install the critical fix as soon as possible, software giant says.
3			share			oracle could offer more for peoplesoft wilmington, del.oracle corp. director joseph grundfest testified yesterday that the company 's $ 21 us per share hostile bid for peoplesoft inc.
2			player	baseball	nation			players union must act now baseball 's players union must step up to diffuse the growing drug enhancement scandal that has gripped the nation 's pastime.
4			linux	core	vendor	code	standard			linux core consortium to build common code linux vendors from europe, asia, and north and south america have teamed up to create a common core implementation of the linux standard base lsb 2.0.
2			champion	cricket	team	trophy			us eliminated in champions trophy the us cricket team is heading home after two humbling defeats in the champions trophy that set records for futility.
4			project			two who put their idealism and financial skill to work black sweater or no, some architects find they can channel their idealism into real world projects.
3			trading			mitsubishi, itochu to be stakeholders in isuzu mitsubishi corp. and itochu corp. will buy stakes in truck maker isuzu motors ltd., the two trading companies said thursday. mitsubishi corp.
4			software	database			e commerce site buys into new oracle software is able to shift work among clusters with oracle's 10g database.
1			leader	party	peace	talk			crunch talks for northern ireland get under way all party talks to revive northern ireland's peace process began after two years of stalemate, as sinn fein leader gerry adams predicted a deal despite an alleged spying incident.
4			feature	content			sharp unveils first blu ray disc recorder device features two optical drives and a 160gb hard drive for storing content.
4			system			linksys goes dual band on wi fi with its eyes on the future of home entertainment and a relatively uncluttered band of radio spectrum, cisco systems inc.'s linksys division on wednesday unveiled a line of ieee 802.11g a wireless lan products.
4			technique	ibm	researcher	technology	storage			ibm researchers eye 100tb tape drive ibm has begun work on new technologies designed to boost the capacity of tape storage devices by 250 times. using nanopatterning techniques derived from the company's microprocessor division, researchers say they expect to one day build cartridges that can store as much as 100tb of data.
2			team			raiders' woodson signs to end holdout charles woodson signed the oakland raiders' one year tender for $ 8.782 million yesterday, rejoining the team after a 33 day holdout.
3			producer	profit			taiwan semiconductor reports record profit taiwan semiconductor manufacturing co., the world 's biggest producer of made to order chips, on tuesday reported record net profits in the third quarter, but the company 's chairman predicted leaner times in the fourth quarter and next year.
2			final	run	team	season	player			giants to keep bonds for at least two more seasons barry bonds will chase the all time home run record as a san francisco giants player after the team dropped its option to void the final year of the slugger 's contract in 2006.
4			science	minority	technology			uapb gets 2.5m science grant from nsf the national science foundation has awarded a 2.5 million grant to the university of arkansas at pine bluff to steer minority students into the sciences, math and technology.
1			president			eu proposes narrowing buttiglione duties the incoming european commission president has proposed redefining the duties of controversial conservative justice commissioner rocco buttiglione.
4			software	share			peoplesoft board rejects oracle bid business software maker peoplesoft inc. on saturday said its board again rejected oracle corp.'s $ 9.2 billion tender offer, remaining defiant a day after most of its shares were tendered to oracle.
4			talk	un	technology			iran rejects eu nuclear proposal, wants more talks iran sunday rejected a european union proposal that it scrap uranium enrichment in return for nuclear technology, increasing the likelihood it will be reported to the u.n. security council for possible sanctions.
2			coach	season			bring that guy back brent guy, a former utah state assistant, has been named the 25th head coach of the aggies. guy, who coached the utah state linebackers from 1992 94, has spent the last four seasons
4			system	software			toledo schools may resurrect stalled peoplesoft apps the public school system in toledo, ohio, is eyeing the resurrection of a $ 4.3 million peoplesoft accounting and hr software installation abandoned five years ago.
4			fund	software			oracle's peoplesoft bid deadline nears oracle corp. on friday won the backing of two more key public pension funds in its $ 8.8 billion hostile bid for peoplesoft inc. as the 17 month takeover battle between the two california based business software makers neared a key deadline.
3			investor	growth	fund	share			pru taps investors for one billion pounds prudential is to tap investors for one billion pounds through a share issue, saying it needs the cash to fund its uk growth plans.
4			silicon	scientist			door open for silicon replacement a breakthrough in the way scientists make crystals could lead to a replacement for silicon in chips for devices.
4			design			sony unveils wi fi multimedia cli big oled screen, 802.11b, slick design, long running battery...
4			generation			vodafone enters 3g battle against hutchison vodafone finally launched its long awaited third generation 3g mobile phone services yesterday, prompting rival 3 to immediately dismiss them as a threat.
2			game	football			it 's game day! frogs open 2004 campaign: the tcu horned frogs begin their 108th year of intercollegiate football when they host the northwestern wildcats out of the big ten on thursday, september 2. the game will be televised nationally by espn2.
2			captain	final	game	football			figo takes break from international game portugal captain luis figo said on wednesday he was taking an indefinite break from international football, but would not confirm whether his decision was final.
4			profit	earnings	technology			wireless business helps lucent profit lucent technologies inc. , among the world's largest makers of telecommunications equipment, on wednesday said quarterly earnings rose, helped by improvement in its wireless networks business, which makes base stations and other products.
2			coach	team			bowen joins hughes at blackburn former blues first team coach mark bowen has been appointed assistant manager to new blackburn boss mark hughes. bowen, who was surprisingly sacked from his role as steve bruce 's right hand man in the summer
4			nation	stock	technology	alternative	expense			tech firms ready plan for options the nation's biggest technology companies will present an alternative method for valuing stock options that generally would allow them to report lower expenses.
4			infrastructure			macquarie led consortium acquires uk 's ntl broadcast a macquarie communications infrastructure group mcg led consortium consortium , in which macquarie bank limited mbl has an approximate 13 interest, today announced it has been selected as the successful bidder for the acquisition of national
4			software			e.u. regulators clear oracle's takeover bid the decision by the european commission, which initially opposed the $ 7.7 billion deal, comes a few weeks after the u.s. department of justice dropped its challenge to the combination of the business software makers.
1			election	opposition			romania votes in close elections romanians go to the polls to choose between the governing ex communists and a strong opposition alliance.
4			technology	buying	vendor	storage			quantum buys certance for $ 60m tape storage vendor quantum corp. this week announced that it's buying certance llc, a maker of a competing tape drive technology.
4			patent	microsoft	technology	infringement	version			microsoft patent infringement case to go to trial a federal judge ruled against microsoft on wednesday in a patent suit challenging autoplay technology included in recent versions of microsoft windows.
1			reform			swiss 'reject' citizenship reform swiss voters appear to have rejected proposals to relax the country's strict naturalisation laws.
2			season			china puts flood toll at 1,029 as wet season ends floods in china killed more than 1,000 people this year, destroyed 650,000 village homes and caused 64.7 billion yuan $ 7.82 billion in direct economic losses, the official xinhua news agency said.
4			earnings	stock	technology	standard	dow			ebay earns boost tech stocks; dow slips u.s. technology stocks rose on thursday as a strong quarterly earnings report from ebay inc., the world's largest online market place, helped lift the nasdaq and standard poor's 500 indexes.
4			technology			radio takes the big leap forward cbs finally i have a tivo for my radio. well, not quite but it 's close enough. just as tivo does for tv, radioshark from griffin technology griffintechnology.
2			injury	coach	game			davis dismisses report lee suggs has been cleared to practice beginning wednesday after missing the last two games with a neck injury. coach butch davis said a report on espn speculating suggs has stenosis, which is a narrowing of the spinal column, is untrue.
4			desktop	microsoft	race	tool	technology	access			microsoft debuts desktop search tool microsoft corp. released its long awaited desktop search technology yesterday, entering a crowded race to dominate information access on windows based pcs.
2			championship	top	player	tennis	serena	sport			serena, sharapova avoid the choke to advance to wta championships ... can any other professional sport rival women 's tennis for the sheer quantity of choking by its top players at big events in 2004?
2			play	game			play : half life 2 will take over your life thank god for valve softwares kellie cosner, who gave me a complimentary edition of one of the most anticipated games of all time, half life 2. kellie, whom i previously corresponded with
1			corruption	president			former costa rican president ordered held a court on friday ordered that former president rafael calderon be jailed for nine months as investigators probe corruption allegations.
4			gate	software	microsoft	version			edward c. baig bill gates hopes the third time around will be the charm again. in 1990, microsoft unveiled windows 3.0, the first monumentally successful version of the company 's flagship software.
4			system	software			agere adjusts for soft demand facing soft demand from major customers, semiconductor and software specialist agere systems said it will lay off 500 people and close three facilities to cut costs.
4			united	province	technology	project			motorola gets china unicom contract wireless technology company motorola inc. said on sunday it had been selected by china united telecommunications corp. china unicom for a project that will expand the telephone services company's networks in 11 provinces.
2			play	player			sony players to be compatible with mp3s electronics giant sony has reversed its position on the formats playable by its range of digital music players. the company has announced its new devices will now be able to play music tracks in the mp3 format
2			tim	meter	sport			montgomery doping hearing set for early november world 100 meters record holder tim montgomery will appear before the court of arbitration for sport cas in san francisco in the first week of november for a hearing over a possible life ban for doping.
1			talk			comcast says in talks to buy adelphia comcast corp. on monday said it is in talks with time warner inc. to explore a possible deal to acquire bankrupt cable company adelphia communications corp.
4			management	software	source			gluecode contributes open source bpm engine gluecode software is contributing what it says is the first open source business process management engine to the apache software foundation.
4			content	stock	enterprise	software	management	technology			interwoven scoops up records management company ecm enterprise content management company interwoven on monday announced the acquisition of software intelligence, a maker of records management technology, for $ 2 million in cash and stock.
3			volume	profit	trading	sale			every little helps as tesco continues to roll over rivals tesco puts in another crackerjack trading performance. sales, volumes, profits, divi all sharply up. er, hmm ... whats on the telly tonight?
3			shareholder	value	miner			xstrata threatens to pull offer xstrata yesterday threatened to withdraw its hostile 2.9 billion takeover offer for wmc if the australian miner indicated it would dilute value by paying out up to a $ 1 billion in cash to shareholders.
4			system	linux	vendor	ship	flaw			linux vendors react to qt flaw vendors ship updated packages to fix the problem that could allow an attacker to take control of a system.
2			coach	team	bowl			similarities abound in orange bowl teams it was difficult for southern california's pete carroll and oklahoma's bob stoops to keep from repeating each other when the two coaches met thursday.
4			cell			mit works to power computers with spinach eat your spinach, mom used to say. it will make your muscles grow, power your laptop and recharge your cell phone...
4			system	software	england	code			man held in england for stealing cisco code a 20 year old man has been arrested in england in the theft of the proprietary software blueprints used by cisco systems inc...
3			sale	stock			duffield: oracle 's skewing facts on stock sales at the 11th hour for oracle 's latest tender offer for peoplesoft, the battle between companies continues to escalate. peoplesoft founder and chief executive david duffield on thursday accused oracle of issuing
2			champion			olympic champion phelps cited for dui olympic champion swimmer michael phelps was arrested last week for driving under the influence of alcohol.
4			ibm	vendor			payoffs alleged in school computer program representatives of ibm corp. and two other vendors offered to pay commissions to an educators group for any business that its members sent to them under a national program
2			champion			ex world champion mcrae leads dakar rally ex world champion colin mcrae took a narrow lead in the dakar rally after winning a 6.2 mile special stage on the third day outside granada in spain sunday.
4			technology			toshiba, memory tech unveil new disc in an effort to ease the transition to higher capacity disc technology, toshiba and memory tech have developed a dual layer disc that supports dvd and hd dvd formats.
3			share			philippine shares down friday philippine shares finished lower friday for the fourth straight session, led by losses in blue chip philippine long distance telephone co.
4			user			mobile phone users double since 2000 worldwide mobile phone subscribers totalled nearly 1.5 billion by the middle of this year about one quarter of the world 's population , according to the international telecommunication union.
2			play	team			rice believes he could be traded soon jerry rice believes he could be traded by the oakland raiders before the oct. 19 deadline. rice, who turns 42 wednesday, told sacramento radio station khtk on tuesday that his days with oakland may be numbered, and that he wants to play for a team that will better utilize his talents.
1			president	election			slow job market greets workers labor day a spotty job market and stagnant paychecks cloud this labor day holiday for many workers, highlighting the importance of pocketbook issues in the presidential election. working harder and enjoying it less, said economist ken mayland, president of clearview economics, summing up the state of working america...
2			player			coyotes juggle centers the phoenix coyotes signed free agent center petr nedved and traded center daymond langkow to the calgary flames for two players on thursday.
4			depot	dead	team	technology			where to dump your dead technology office depot teams with hp to recycle your old electronics gear for free.
2			nfl	league	lewis	salary	raven	game	sport			jamal lewis suspended for two games new york, ny sports network baltimore ravens running back jamal lewis was suspended for two games without pay and fined an additional two weeks salary by the league on friday for violating the nfl substance abuse policy.
4			lab	ibm	technology			ibm expands china research site in midmarket push big blue adds innovaton center to its china research lab to develop technology catering to small and midsize businesses.
4			cell	text	feature			yahoo battles google for the cell phone san francisco yahoo added a search feature for cell phones tuesday, just a few weeks after rival google launched one of its own. while google sms short message service uses text only messages to deliver
2			player			iriver n10 512mb flash mp3 player review dedicated follower of fashion?
2			minister	development	jean	game	sport			olympic games 2012 great stake for france 's sports, says french ... the success of paris bid for olympic games 2012 would bring an exceptional development for france for at least 6 years, said jean francois lamour, french minister for youth and sports on tuesday.
1			leader			eu leaders extend trade carrot in iran nuclear standoff european union leaders friday dangled the prospect of a lucrative trade pact to iran if the islamic republic suspends its nuclear programme.
4			standard	mail	technology			enter your e mail: sony, in case you hadn 't noticed, has a long history of making really nifty consumer electronics devices. it also has a long history of doing things its own way adopting proprietary technologies and standards
2			play			drawn and quartered it wasn 't supposed to end like this for pau gasol and spain. not after the way things were going in this olympics. the spaniards finished group play an undefeated 5 0
4			player	technology			ahead pushes nero digital format for dvds deal with ess technology will add support for ahead's variant of the mpeg 4 video format on dvd players.
4			use	technology			disabled are pleased with e voting this november, eileen rivera ley, 41, will vote by herself for the first time. blind voters in maryland and several other states will use electronic voting machines equipped with technology that allows the disabled to vote independently.
4			user	technology			audio spam, new harassment to internet users a scientific study shows that audio spam, or spit, will be a new headache for internet users. the study is carried out by a maryland based technology company, china radio international reported monday.
1			parliament	talk			eu iranian talks on resolving nuclear issue still on track ... the iranian parliament 's vote backing the resumption of uranium enrichment was mainly tactical, designed to strengthen tehran 's hand in nuclear talks with the eu, rather than a rejection of european demands for a halt to enrichment, diplomats said monday.
3			profit	stock			small changes, big profits staples inc. hosted a daylong event last week for analysts who follow the company 's stock, laying out plans to keep growing in the immediate future and beyond.
4			vendor			interstate bakeries gets ok for funding bankrupt interstate bakeries corp., maker of hostess twinkies and wonder bread, received court approval thursday for financing that will allow it to keep paying employees and vendors while it seeks to reorganize.
4			good	top	technology			iran hints at agreeing to enrichment freeze iran's top security official suggested on monday tehran may agree to extend its freeze on uranium enrichment but warned it could not be forced to scrap its nuclear technology for good.
2			game	win			playing games in your 20's? nintendo is onto you nintendo is hoping that the nintendo ds will win over older, more sophisticated gamers.
2			basketball	player			lots of hoop la in harlem evict suit a harlem community group says the national basketball players association has unleashed a full court press to try to bounce them out of their offices.
2			good	game	developer			nintendo ds: doubly good if nintendo's new ds short for dual screen 1 2 out of four, 150 was designed to bring innovation to the portable video game market, so far only developer sega has completely caught on.
2			game			game review: exciting halo 2 game shoots for perfection at the risk of breaking down its rough and rugged reputation, halo 2 for xbox is the mary poppins of video games, practically perfect in every way.
1			party	system	reform			reform advocates in china hope for a birthday present the communist party is using the 100th anniversary of deng xiaoping's birthday to emphasize the urgency of overhauling the one party political system.
4			system	platform	management	engineer			developing effective network diagnostics network engineers spend many of their working hours just keeping their networks up and running. router solutions, a three person company in mclean, wants to help companies reduce the time their tech departments devote to such routine fixes. the company said it has developed a system operation management platform that monitors what's happening across an entire network, detecting issues when they arise and fixing them with little or no intervention from network engineers.
1			plot			mars rovers planners plot crater 'escape' nasa's mars rovers don't seem to be wearing out, so mission planners have begun to think more boldly including a plan to let one climb up a steep slope from a crater it has been exploring to set out across a plain.
4			leader	profit	microsoft	earnings	software	technology			three kings bearing profits there was a trifecta in tech earnings yesterday, with search engine king google inc., software giant microsoft corp. and online shopping leader all posting quarterly profits, a positive sign overall for the technology sector's recovery.
4			microsoft	system	software	patch	server	flaw	version			flaws spark fix it frenzy the new patches apply to a variety of products, including some versions of microsoft 's windows operating system and server software, its internet explorer web browser and excel spreadsheet program.
2			title	championship	final	win	tennis	sport			bovina captures pilot pen title new haven, ct sports network seventh seeded elena bovina defeated eighth seeded nathalie dechy of france in three sets saturday to win the championship at the $ 585,000 pilot pen tennis event a final us open tune up.
4			attack	point	firewall	app	software	technology	vendor	application			app firewall vendors challenge rivals to a test saying that they re fed up with some security vendors claiming that their products protect against application level attacks, a group of application firewall vendors on tuesday will issue a challenge to check point software technologies ltd.
2			decline	sport	yankee			yankees decline options on quantrill, lee by ronald blum ap sports writer. either pick up his option or not, it 's up to them. jon wants to remain a. on first baseman travis lee and their 2006 option on reliever paul quantrill.
4			technology	share			nortel gets us $ 1b share of new sprint contracts sprint corp., the third largest wireless phone company in the us, doled out us $ 3 billion worth of contracts tuesday to long time suppliers lucent technologies, nortel networks and motorola.
4			leader	software			justice dept. halts effort to block oracle peoplesoft merger the news comes on the same day that business software maker peoplesoft inc. fired ceo craig conway, the feisty leader who engineered the company's dogged resistance to a $ 7.7 billion takeover bid by rival oracle.
2			injury	game	sport			bowden made right decision picking sexton it 's the unwritten rule of sports. a starter who has to sit out games because of an injury should return to the lineup once healthy.
4			attack	software	code			mit warns of critical vulnerabilities in kerberos 5 kinrowan writes mit, inventor of kerberos, has announced a pair of vulnerabities in the software that will allow an attacker to either execute a dos attack or execute code on the machine.
1			president	debate	table			just 3 of 18 candidates for president attend debate it was not exactly riveting: three candidates and the representatives of 12 others sat at a horseshoe shaped table yesterday droning
4			science			the incredible shrinking man k. eric drexler was the godfather of nanotechnology. but the mit prodigy who dreamed up molecular machines was shoved aside by big science and now he's an industry outcast. by ed regis from wired magazine.
4			database	system	mac	software	technology	mail	raid	storage			oracle uses xserve raid ina fried reports for cnet , apple computer 's rack mounted storage system received a vote of confidence monday, with database giant oracle endorsing the xserve raid as part of an initiative to cut storage costs additionally, oracle is using the xserve raid in its own technology department to store e mail, voice mail and calendar information meanwhile, apple also said oracle is moving ahead with previously announced plans to offer its 10g software for the mac sometime before the end of the year. dec 07
2			championship	top	play	showdown	player	match			singh and els primed for match play showdown vijay singh and ernie els, the world's top two players, could not be more confident going into the world match play championship starting at wentworth thursday.
4			software	microsoft	pack	feature			windows xp service pack 2 comes complete with errors microsoft began rolling out sp2 last week, claiming that the software offers the latest security innovations, fixes several major security holes, and provides new protective features.
1			leader			democratic leader asks for ethics probe the house democratic leader thursday asked for an investigation of alleged threatening remarks made to the ethics committee chairman by gop lawmakers.
1			election			fla. will reject incomplete voter forms florida election officials will not be required to process incomplete voter registration forms for the presidential election, a federal judge ruled tuesday.
2			basketball	medal	team			u.s. men salvage some pride with basketball bronze it is not the color they bargained on, but the u.s. men's basketball team were happy on saturday to take any medal they could get their hands on.
4			growth	profit	nation	technology			first profit since 2000 for lucent lucent technologies inc, the nation 's leading telecommunications equipment maker, recorded its first annual profit since 2000, fueled by rapid growth in its wireless telephone division, the company announced yesterday.
4			system	application	content			nokia woos operators with preminet nokia has unveiled a system for hosting, delivering and charging for entertainment and application content for mobile phones, called preminet.
3			profit			echostar posts profit, adds subscribers echostar communications corp. dish.o: quote, profile, research on tuesday said third quarter profit rose on an aggressive campaign to add more new subscribers.
3			percent	growth	good	sale			italy : gucci brand expects to double sales by 2011 italian luxury goods group gucci group has ruled out acquisitions and disposals for the next three years and predicted annual sales growth of at least 10 percent.
4			system	top	code			u.s. advertisers go digital to track ads top marketers are going digital to track the delivery of commercials into u.s. homes with a system some advocates say will revolutionize advertising the way product codes changed the selling of sliced bread.
2			coach	final	team			davis quits as cleveland browns coach as coach butch davis pulled out of the driveway at 76 lou groza blvd. for the final time, he might have caught a glimpse of a brown and orange colored hearse across the street from cleveland's team offices. the vehicle was parked. davis was the one moving on.
4			microsoft	software	developer	development	server	application			micorsof india launches new software microsoft india today announced the launch of express product line for sql server and visual studio, mainly targeted at entry level developers and programming enthusiasts who are interested in experimenting with application development.
1			president	reform	worry	election			activists worry election reform may wane sure, there were hours long lines, temperamental electronic machines and some old fashioned misplaced ballots, but america's democracy worked well enough on nov. 2 to elect a president.
4			user			branson earmarks $ 300m for mobile jv in china virgin group chief richard branson said on tuesday he has earmarked $ 300 million for a cellular phone joint venture in china, the worlds largest mobile market by users.
4			desktop	system			compusa agrees to sell gateway pcs desktop systems will be available in 226 stores across the u.s.
4			cell			world 's first 3d cell display developed samsung, the world 's leading display maker, said on wednesday that it has developed the first all angle three dimensional 3d display panels for cellphones.
1			crisis	election			envoys bid to end ukraine crisis the eu's javier solana and other envoys go to ukraine to try to mediate in the crisis over the disputed election.
4			developer			developer to sell rentals in allston as condos another developer plans to capitalize on a hot condo market by selling off its rental apartments to home buyers.
2			game			kenteris and thanou withdraw; thorpe targets 3rd gold olympic sprint medalists kostas kenteris and ekaterini thanou withdrew from the athens games, overshadowing the fifth day of competition in which australian swimmer ian thorpe will compete for his third gold.
2			team	season			perth join super 14 the australian rugby union aru has announced that perth have been chosen as the fourth australian team for the expanded super 14 rugby competition in the 2006 season.
4			microsoft	system	software	language	british			microsoft sharpens its software factory vision vancouver, british columbiain a speech at the object oriented programming, systems, languages and applicationsor oopslaconference here, microsoft corp.
1			fall	leadership	top	party	democrat			jockeying for top senate job under way democrat or republican, whether for this fall or 2006, it's never too early to jockey for position in the senate, especially if party leadership might be the prize.
4			system	platform	team	vendor			sap, infineon team up to accelerate rfid deployment cycles rfid vendor infineon uses sap 's netweaver platform to help companies better connect and manage rfid systems from diverse suppliers.
2			sport	system	sale	minister			eu wants to cut greenhouse gases in cars, shoes the european union's battle against global warming will force companies to change automobile air conditioning systems and restrict the sale of air cushioned sports shoes, european union ministers said on thursday.
2			player	game			players prepare for half life 2 gamers are getting their hands on encrypted copies of the eagerly awaited half life 2 game.
3			share			italian airline company seeks domestic partner struggling italian airline alitalia is set to seek one of three domestic partners to help it claw backmarket share, alitalia 's chairman and ceo gianfranco cimoli said on thursday.
2			race			radcliffe, ramaala prove themselves this was all about athens, about redemption for one and validation for the other. britain's paula radcliffe, the fastest female marathoner in history, failed to finish either of her olympic races last summer. south africa's hendrik ramaala was a five ringed dropout, too, reinforcing his reputation as a man who could go only half the distance.
4			platform			sprint certifies xserve and quicktime sprint and apple announced that the xserve g5 and quicktime have been certified as mobile multimedia delivery platforms for sprint 's new pcs vision multimedia services. aug 26
4			system	reader	generation			readers react to re4 capcom 's stunning halloween announcement definitely came as a shock to ps2 and cube owners yesterday, what with the company 's previous statement that resident evil 4 would never be available for another system this generation.
1			minister			iran will never conduct nuclear activities in hiding: fm the visiting iranian foreign minister kamal kharrazi stressed that iran 's nuclear activities will never be conducted in hiding.
4			project			reconsider highway project i am a professor of geography visiting taiwan, and have read about the proposed construction of a freeway from taipei to hualien. the experience of communities in north america and europe has been fairly consistent
3			profit			smic starts new production line to boost profits semiconductor manufacturing international corp. smic reported its profits to be promising for the rest of the year. the company said it noticed a $ 42.
4			system	buying	access			us based stanley works buying two security companies stanley works has agreed to buy security group inc., a maker of locks and access systems, and said it completed the acquisition of cal dor specialties inc.
2			play	game			ds aims to touch gamers nintendo launches its new handheld console, the ds, which aims to change the way people play games.
4			technology	storage			toshiba launches 80 gbyte 1.8 inch harddrive perpendicular recording technology allowed toshiba to reach a new record level of 133 gbit per square inch storage density for its new pocket sized harddrives.
1			agenda	election			9 11 proposals lead the agenda facing congress members of congress return for a march to election day that is complicated by the call to reorganize u.s. intelligence agencies.
2			play			from horrible contracts to hideous play, isiah 's knicks are ... yes, the product is overpriced and the constant barrage of piped in sound effects is enough to drive seinfeld 's lloyd braun into another nervous breakdown hearing ric flair 's patented wooo!
3			investor	fund	finance			future bright for islamic finance after spending three years and 2 million, eric meyer has got the go ahead from a gaggle of lawyers, regulators and crucially four different sharia scholars to market the first hedge fund for islamic investors.
2			baseball			baseball owners to vote on expos move baseball commissioner bud selig scheduled a conference call for friday for owners to vote on the proposed move of the montreal expos to washington.
4			pass	researcher	technology	institute	cell			heart tissue is grown from rat cells researchers at the massachusetts institute of technology have used rat cells to grow dime sized swatches of heart tissue that twitch like a beating heart when an electrical current passes through.
2			park	cup	team			super singletary holds europeans at bay antonius pius 's waywardness and a troubled passage for six perfections cost the european team dear as singletary hung on grimly to land a dramatic netjets breeders cup mile at lone star park today.
1			president			q a: sas international chief on global best practices art cooke, president of sas international, offers some practical advice for u.s. companies with global operations.
4			virus	mail	technology			e mail authentication will not stop spammers for consumers and businesses increasingly shaken by the growing onslaught of unwanted e mail and computer viruses, any hope for quick relief was dashed wednesday during a government hosted gathering of technology experts.
4			technology	development			samsung unveils new display technologies samsung electronics co., ltd. has developed a new lcd liquid crystal display technology that builds a touch screen into the display, a development that could lead to thinner
4			use	technology	copy			sony abandons copy control music cds sony 's music unit is abandoning its cds that use built in technology that limits copying them, after pushing the program for two years.
4			software	networking	developer			cisco in 74m network security deal the networking gear maker buys privately held network security software developer perfigo.
2			game			let the handheld games begin nintendo, sony ready rival portable gaming devices. which one will gamers go for?
4			system	project			dhs moves ahead with cybersecurity r d efforts the department of homeland security has launched several new cybersecurity initiatives that it hopes to add to pilot projects and operational systems and that can be deployed throughout the government and the private sector.
3			tool	producer	profit	sale			applied materials profit up applied materials inc. , the largest producer of chip making equipment, on wednesday said demand for advanced manufacturing tools pushed quarterly profit and sales higher, but warned that chip oversupply would lead to lower orders and sales in the current quarter.
2			team			beach volleyball: australia in with a shout to prepare for the olympics, kerri pottharst practiced serving with her team mate screaming in her ear.
1			leader			churches launch climate campaign church leaders have begun a campaign to curb climate change, by reducing greenhouse gas emissions.
3			trader			markets quiet with gop in new york the gop convention came to new york last week and wall street did . . well, not much. many traders and money managers fled the city to avoid convention related headaches.
2			play	match	win	title			els wins title els wins a world match play title for a record sixth time, beating lee westwood, 2 and 1, to capture golf's biggest payday $ 1.8 million.
3			investor	profit	stock	value	trading			profit warnings take shine off gwr capital merger capital radio and gwr saw 45m wiped off their combined stock market values yesterday as investors digested details of their proposed merger alongside trading updates published simultaneously by both companies.
4			microsoft	software			microsoft's mom goes out the door software giant takes big step toward october release of microsoft operations manager 2005.
3			chain	sale	fall			chain store sales slip in latest week chain store retail sales continue to fall during the week following the thanksgiving holiday, a retail report said on tuesday.
3			profit			update 2: germany 's lufthansa posts 3q profit german airline lufthansa posted a euro125 million us $ 155 million net profit in the third quarter, more than making up losses from a year ago thanks to stronger demand for air travel, the company said thursday.
4			user	low	amd	technology	access			amd rolls out low cost net access device in india u.s. chip maker advanced micro devices has unveiled a low cost internet access device that could cost just a few hundred dollars, aimed at first time technology users in the developing world.
2			night	final	game			games cross finish with bizarre twis among the things that have occurred frequently at the 2004 olympics: weird happenings, and success by american athletes. in the final event of the games last night, both were in evidence.
2			injury	team	wizard	player	coach			wizards get a break with several players suffering from minor injuries, wizards coach eddie jordan decides to give the team a day off on friday.
3			profit			raytheon posts third quarter net profit raytheon co. reported a third quarter net profit on thursday after a loss in the year ago quarter.
1			party	race			ill. congressman's son to be on ballot democratic party officials picked u.s. rep. william lipinski's son tuesday to replace his father on the november ballot, a decision engineered by lipinski after he announced his retirement and withdrew from the race four days earlier.
4			system	microsoft	server			virtual server becomes reality after two years of fits and starts, microsoft will finally deliver its virtual server 2005 product, which company officials contend will be an important contributor to its dynamic systems initiative dsi , the company's plan for managing distributed systems.
3			producer	share	shareholder	sale	defence			gold fields plans $ 3.5 bn asset sale gold fields will be expected to sell its international assets valued at up to $ 3.5 billion and return the cash to shareholders as part of its defence against a hostile all share bid from rival gold producer harmony.
4			good	technology			briefly: good technology supported by hp, samsung roundup plus: rim touts blackberry with to sell voltaire's infiniband shipments up, but revenue less so, study says.
1			election	party	system	president	violence	opposition			zimbabwe opposition to boycott elections until system changes zimbabwe 's opposition party, the movement for democratic change mdc announced yesterday that it will boycott all future elections until president robert mugabe 's government changes its electoral system, ends state violence and repeals repressive media
3			investor	system	share			poles line up for shares poles signed waiting lists sunday for a chance to buy shares in their largest bank, using a signup system from communist times to impose order on the crush of interested investors.
1			reform			south korean workers rally, vow massive strike over reform bill seoul : tens of thousands of workers have rallied here to protest a government reform bill aimed at stopping union militancy and securing flexible job markets, as a powerful labor group called a massive strike next week against the legislation.
4			use	switch			uncle sam wants your airwaves lawmakers believe the analog tv spectrum can be put to much better use and can generate billions in auctions to telecom companies. so congress is considering paying americans to ditch over the air analog tv and switch to digital. michael grebb reports from washington.
2			play	match	championship			goosen crushes maggert no matter what happens from now on, retief goosen has earned a place in the record books of the hsbc world match play championship.
1			president			lawyer introduces harassment scheme in ovitz case in the trial of former walt disney co. president michael ovitz, the plaintiff 's lawyer accused the company 's former official of leaking rumors to the press accusing nbc west coast chief don ohlmeyer of sexually
1			politics			steering california 's fight on emissions fran pavley, a soft spoken, retired schoolteacher who went into california politics, probably never thought she would find herself defending the environmental credentials of gov.
4			development	version			mozilla firefox setting the world on fire after a year in development, today is the day the mozilla foundation released their long awaited browser named firefox officially launching version 1.0.
4			talk	software	technology			oracle in merger talks with other firms oracle corp. is in merger talks with other technology companies as it awaits the outcome of its 9.2 billion hostile takeover bid for rival software maker peoplesoft inc.
2			war	game			revenge of the grunts star wars game puts little guys at the ... when you first pick up star wars: battlefront, if you re a seasoned gamer, it will be hard to get a three word description out of your head.
3			growth	sale			online retail sales continue to surge online retail sales continue to show significant growth, according to the latest figures released by the us department of commerce.
2			basketball	tournament	team	season			big east to be one 16 team division in 2005 06 the big east basketball conference will merge into one 16 team division in 2005 20006, but only 12 schools will participate in the post season basketball tournament.
3			good	finance			finance: back to savings bonds in personal finance, boring is not bad. sometimes boring is good.
1			debate			congress debates 411 wireless directory legislation subcommittee hears objections to, support for 411 wireless directory legislation.
4			movie	technology	generation			us movie studios back hd dvd format four us movie studios have announced their intention to release next generation dvds in the toshiba backed hd dvd format, the technology firm announced on monday.
4			software	engineer	vendor			ceo: nortel can compete with china rivals the chief executive of nortel networks corp. insisted monday that the troubled telecom equipment giant will be able to compete with chinese vendors doing similar work with lower paid software engineers.
3			stock			online resources to buy n.j. firm online resources corp., a mclean internet banking and bill payment company, agreed to buy incurrent solutions inc. of parsippany, n.j., for $ 15 million in cash and stock.
4			user	cell			melodeo lands cell phone music deals melodeo, a mobile music service, has signed a deal with the warner music group to make complete tracks from warner 's music catalog available to cell phone users.
3			shareholder			ca execs can keep bonuses for now computer associates international shareholders on wednesday struck down a proposal to recoup money paid out to executives during a long running accounting scandal.
2			season			yahoo hired for the apprentice yahoo will host the official web site for the reality show, the apprentice, featuring show recaps, exclusive video clips, contestant bios, and a weekly column by last season 's contestant you love to hate, san solovey.
2			growth	top	human	sport			olympics great success after hgh testing, wada says sport's top anti doping official hailed the 2004 olympics as a great success friday and revealed that one in 10 drugs samples taken in athens had been tested for human growth hormone hgh .
2			game			an olympic selection of search resources the 2004 summer olympics are underway in athens and the web is home to plenty of information that makes watching the games even more interesting.
1			talk			personal tech: hdtv fast forward columnist rob pegoraro will be online to talk about the washington post's special report on digital television.
4			space	system	spacecraft			russian craft docks with space station a russian spacecraft delivered three astronauts to the international space station on saturday, smoothly overcoming docking system problems which had delayed its launch.
2			medal	round	sport			hamm can keep olympic all round gold american gymnast paul hamm will keep his olympic all round gold medal after the lausanne based court of arbitration for sport cas rejected an appeal from south korea's yang tae young.
4			database	microsoft	tool	management	server	technology	second			microsoft unveils free sql management tool microsoft today unveiled a technical preview of sql server 2005 express manager, a newly developed free database management tool and the second community technology preview of the sql server 2005 database.
2			club	baseball	season	player	sport			japanese baseball players, owners reach deal japanese baseball players and club representatives reached a deal thursday to end the first strike in the 70 year history of the sport in japan, with owners agreeing to let newcomers into the leagues as early as next season.
4			user	software	vendor	licensing			update: study shows software vendors, users at odds over licensing software publishers and users are at odds about software licensing, according a study released monday.
4			desktop	tool	system	mac	version			google plans desktop search tool for apple pcs google inc. plans to release a version of its desktop search tool for computers running on the mac operating system from apple computer inc. , google chief executive eric schmidt said on friday.
4			war	ipod	technology			creative declares marketing war against ipod creative technology ltd. chief executive officer sim wong hoo told reporters in singapore his company plans to spent us $ 100 million in 2005 in a marketing war aimed squarely at apple computer inc.
4			patent	microsoft	management	technology			eu wants windows cleaned of drm the acquisition by microsoft and time warner of a company with a significant portfolio of patents covering digital rights management technologies generates scrutiny by european antitrust regulators. the main focus of the investigation: microsoft. by wendy m. grossman.
4			growth	technology			growth in government specialty work federal spending on contractors is expected to grow more quickly than it has historically in 2005, with contractors that specialize in technology services growing the most according to experts.
4			desktop	design			pci express will please serious power junkies computer shoppers who want and can afford the fastest machines face a dilemma as they decide just how to spend all that cash. desktop pcs using the new pci express design a faster way
4			technology	price			german chip maker pleads guilty in price fixing case german computer chip maker infineon technologies ag has agreed to plead guilty to price fixing and will pay a $ 160 million fine, the justice department said yesterday.
4			stock	system	software	technology	access			sungard to spin off its information services business sungard data systems inc., whose software handles most of the nasdaq stock market trades, said it will spin off its division that helps information technology dependent businesses keep access to their information.
1			opposition			home turf shaky for ukraine premier as yanukovych campaigned in his own stronghold of eastern ukraine friday, the presence of opposition supporters and the color of the orange revolution were evidence of the changed political landscape.
1			party	general	election	win			government 'must reduce spending' whatever party wins the next general election will have to either cut spending or raise taxes, says the cbi, which wants the former.
2			measure	talk	team	sport			f1 teams meeting in london all the f1 teams are meeting today in london to discuss the urgent measures needed to reduce costs in the sport. all the teams? almost... one team didn 't want to be part of the talks: ferrari. the other nine
3			shareholder			directv consolidates latam satellite ops directv group the largest u.s. satellite television service, will buy its controlling shareholder news corp ltd.'s stakes in sky latin america for $ 579 million and combine its operations with directv latin america, the companies said on monday.
2			tournament	title	championship	point	night	victory	classic	coach	game			no. 5 syracuse dismantles no. 24 memphis syracuse's stars got the orange a tournament title. hakim warrick had 25 points, and gerry mcnamara added 21 to lead no. 5 syracuse to a 77 62 victory over no. 24 memphis on friday night in the championship game of the coaches vs. cancer classic.
4			leader	microsoft	technology			business news for technology leaders judge cuts legal fees in ... lawyers in a california class action suit against microsoft will get less than half the payout they had hoped for. a judge in san francisco ruled that the attorneys will collect only $ 112.
2			stadium	park			designers unveil plan for olympic park london 2012 has revealed a glimpse of its ambitious plans for the next but one summer olympics. the spectacular main stadium, designed by spanish architect alejandro zaero pollo of the practice foreign office
3			sale			jaguar and ford pull out of formula one jaguar will pull out of formula one at the end of 2004, with parent company ford 's engine maker cosworth also up for sale. ford 's bombshell announcement on friday has huge
2			nfl	league	lewis	raven	game	sport			friday 's sports in brief baltimore ravens running back jamal lewis was suspended for two games by the nfl for violating the league 's substance abuse policy.
4			feature	technology			future features include multicasting and triple the bandwidth the bluetooth special interest group sig today is releasing a three year road map for bluetooth short range wireless technology that includes a tripling of bandwidth and the ability to multicast signals to seven other
4			application	team	project	source			superfluous wiki implementations why are there no fewer than 500 different wiki implementations? moinmoin, jot, jspwiki, interwiki, mediawiki, socialtext, twiki, team notepad, phpwiki, wikidoc, project forum, xwiki, aspwiki, snipsnap, aswiki, egroupware wiki, hiki, miniwiki, mywiki, parsewiki, php groupware wiki, trac, usemod wiki, wiliki, zope zwiki... i'm sure i could go on... aren't most of these open source? can't some of these projects merge? for god sake stop it ! the world doesn't need another wiki applications.
3			investor	buying	gain	finance			finance: lessons of the past five years five years ago, the great bull market of the 90s was about to come to a crashing halt, but no one knew that yet. in fact, many investors were still buying as if the gains would continue forever.
2			soccer	team			excitement mounts over germany iran soccer friendly arriving to a euphoric welcome by thousands of cheering locals in tehran, germany 's national soccer team takes on iran saturday in a friendly that promises much star packed action.
4			platform	technology			a global platform built with local materials creating a global company based on australian technology and research. moreover he did it under the noses
2			rating	game			game ratings: u is for unheeded when it comes to rating video games, teen vs. mature can be a fine line. but either way, it leads to the cash register.
4			user	microsoft	region	technology	language			microsoft pushes search technology to market microsoft corp. 's web search technology, debuting in test form thursday in 11 languages, promises to answer plain language questions and give results tailored to a user 's region, among
4			processor	virus	amd	technology			amd announces mobile sempron 3000 advanced micro devices amd expanded its mobile sempron processor family with a higher performing model and integrated evp anti virus technology.
4			tool	collaboration	holding	technology			google to digitize some harvard library holdings harvard university is embarking on a collaboration with google that could harness google 's search technology to provide to both the harvard community and the larger public a revolutionary new information location tool to find materials available in
4			system	microsoft			palmsource to unveil smart phone os an operating system for smart phones might make up for a rough quarter and microsoft nipping at its heels.
3			share			wrigley to buy kraft 's life savers for $ 1.48 bln wm. wrigley jr. co. agreed to buy the altoids mints and life savers brands for $ 1.48 billion from kraft foods inc., its biggest acquisition ever, to expand its share of the candy market.
1			party	opposition	general			50 hurt during opposition strike in bangladesh capital in bangladesh, at least 50 people have been injured in clashes with authorities during a general strike called by the main opposition party.
2			team	sport			from spam to lacrosse, a day for the books new laws aimed at prosecuting big time internet spammers, helping small businesses and elevating lacrosse to the status of state team sport will become effective today in maryland.
4			use	korea	technology			philips, samsung partner on nfc technology korea based samsung is preparing to develop mobile devices that use philips nyse: phg nfc chips, as the two electronics giants join forces to push a nascent touch based wireless technology called near field communication nfc .
4			standard	generation			intel's centrino connects with all wi fi standards new component will help next generation of intel's wireless chip reach full audience for wi fi.
2			goal	football	team	club	night	win	player	game			middlesbrough football club boss hails perfect team steve mclaren was delighted with his middlesbrough football club players after their 2 0 win over lazio last night. boro won the game 2 0 with goals in each half from dutch international bolo zenden and could
4			discovery	software	server	veritas	application			veritas advances server provisioning, automates discovery ... november 1, 2004 eritas software corporation nasdaq: vrts , today extended the capabilities of veritas opforce distributed server provisioning software to include software application discovery and configuration.
3			investment			barclays capital sued for 50m over bond loss claims barclays capital, the investment banking arm of the uk banking giant, is being sued over claims it failed to properly manage a portfolio of bonds.
2			park	match	win			sing me back home matches track mark sing me back home pulled away in the stretch to win the $ 60,000 decathalon handicap at monmouth park yesterday, equaling the track record for 5 furlongs.
4			tool			spam slayer: new tools fight phishing scams swindlers combine spam with hoax sites to try to rip off your personal data.
3			good	gain			durable goods up slightly overall demand for long lasting goods below estimates, but ex transportation orders show solid gain. new york cnn money orders for long lasting goods rose in september, the government reported wednesday
1			leader			fewer people paying for music downloads npd apple computer inc's itunes remains the leader in paid digital music downloads, but the number of paying customers for this sector overall has decreased since april, research firm npd said tuesday.
3			value			gold fields calls for halt to harmony bid harmony gold 's har offer and to vote in favour of the transaction with canada 's iamgold. over the past six weeks you have been inundated with misinformation in support of harmony 's value destroying, hostile
4			system			loews to buy entergy koch pipeline conglomerate loews corp. agreed to buy an 8,000 mile natural gas pipeline system from entergy koch lp for $ 1.14 billion on monday, in a bid to cash in on rising u.s. demand for natural gas.
1			talk			update 2 trump hotels ends $ 400 mln talks with dlj trump hotels and casino resorts inc. quote, profile, research , trying to restructure $ 1.8 billion in debt, said late wednesday that it and dlj merchant
1			fighting			cnnfn network to close by mid december cnnfn, the financial news cable network owned by time warner inc., on thursday said it will cease operating by mid december, after fighting a losing battle against the far larger rival cnbc.
4			ibm	application	feature	server			ibm adds downtime safety to websphere ibm has added a new feature to websphere application server designed to help safeguard internet business applications against outages.
4			software	card			your personal data is often at risk as ken solomon read the letter last month from a company whose software he had bought, one sentence set off alarms: your credit or debit card information may be at risk.
4			patent	infringement	technology	developer			sony must pay $ 82 mil to immersion for patent infringement a federal jury in san francisco has ordered sony computer entertainment inc and its us unit to pay immersion corp, a leading developer and licensor of touch feedback technology, $ 82 million in compensation for patent infringement
4			tool	source			briefly: macromedia announces training tool roundup plus: yahoo launches local search engine...sybase links back office to mobile devices...legal expert joins open source screening signs two supercomputing customers.
3			investor	profit	earnings	stock	worry	technology			stocks slightly higher as profit worries ease investors discounted another technology profit warning and focused instead on positive outlooks for third and fourth quarter earnings.
4			project			a bridge suspended in controversy in the history of ambitious bridge projects, doubt and the controversy that stems from it tends to make regular appearances.
3			value	stock			fidelity owns 1 4 of google stock ned johnson and his fidelity acolytes have snapped up a quarter of all the google stock available, at a street value of more than $ 500 million.
3			drink	profit			c c survives smoking ban food and drinks firm c c group today said profits had risen 6 despite bad weather and the public smoking ban. c c, formerly known as cantrell cochrane, said operating profits had increased to 64.
1			president			european itms expansion coming in october an apple exec has told reuters that the company will be expanding its european itunes music store in october. vice president eddie cue told the news service
3			trading			itunes referred to consumer watchdog the consumer association has today complained to the uks office of fair trading that downloading tracks from apples itunes costs uk consumers more than their counterparts in france and germany.
4			development			intel announces milestone in shrinking chips contradicting fears that the semiconductor industrys pace of development is slowing, intel corp. announced it has achieved a milestone in shrinking the size of
4			development			tibet: preserving the culture the tibetan capital lhasa has launched a renovation drive to keep its original ethnic flavour after years of unrestrained urban development filled the city with modern architecture, china 's state media said monday.
4			technology	microsystems			sun microsystems to acquire technology services firm new york, november 30 sun microsystems has agreed to acquire sevenspace inc, a closely held technology services company, for an undisclosed amount.
3			profit	chain			new menu boosts mcdonald's japan profits triple at mcdonald's japan after the fast food chain starts selling larger burgers.
4			coalition	standard	vendor	generation			tgn sync coalition outlines proposal for 802.11n tgn sync, a coalition of more than a dozen vendors, will submit a joint proposal to the ieee 802.11 task group n tgn for the next generation 802.11n standard.
3			chain			hyatt to buy amerisuites hyatt corporation, the hotel operator owned by the pritzker family, yesterday said it would buy the amerisuites chain from blackstone, the private equity group, in a deal believed to be worth about $ 600m.
4			developer	software	microsoft	version			microsoft sets 2006 timetable for next version of windows in a move to reassure major customers and software developers, microsoft yesterday answered one of the big questions looming over the pc industry: when will it finish the next version of windows?
1			tension			france chooses forgeard for joint control of eads french interests named the head of airbus, noel foregeard, to be one of two new pilots running the eads aeuronautics group after weeks of reported tension over his role.
1			iraq	politician	country	election	party	iraqi	violence			politicians in iraq call for delay to elections leading iraqi political parties have called for forthcoming elections to be delayed because of mounting violence in the country. fifteen political parties including two kurdish groups
3			profit	gain	share			tyco returns to profit, shares gain tyco international ltd. tyc.n: quote, profile, research reported a quarterly profit on monday, reversing a year earlier loss, helped by strong demand for electronic parts.
4			cell			new wireless reseller to aim at 'urban ethnic' market launching in 2005, uphonia is the latest of the just add water virtual cell phone networks.
4			cell			samsung shows cell phone with hard disk drive samsung electronics co. ltd. plans to begin selling later this month a cellular telephone that includes a hard disk drive. the handset was unveiled as the international telecommunication union itu telecom asia 2004 event began here on monday and is the first cell phone of its kind in the world, according to the company.
3			expectation	share	growth	profit	sale	project	price			goodyear projects robust 3q profit growth with record sales new york, november 5 goodyear tire rubber company witnessed a robust rally in its share price today, after the company projected its 3q04 results significantly ahead of expectations.
4			system	software	microsoft	patch			microsoft pushes out critical security fixes microsoft has released 10 software security patches for its products, including seven it deemed critical and that could allow remote attackers to take control of systems running the company 's software.
2			medal	sport			american gymnist paul hamm will keep his gold medal the court of arbitration for sport in switzerland made that announcement today. hamm received gold in the gymnastics all around at the athens olympics.
4			system	upgrade	technology			china will upgrade weapons technology if eu lifts arms embargo china is ratcheting up pressure for the lifting of its eu arms embargo to remove the stigma of sanctions but also because it needs the technology to upgrade its existing systems, analysts say.
2			player	movie			is portable video ready for its closeup? a few years ago, when mp3 players were establishing themselves as the hot cool thing, the next step seemed clear: what if you could take along not only music but movies, television programs
4			integration	project			eu needs rebalance of power to be fully democratic body europe 's integration project is historically unprecedented. for the past millennium, europe has lived in an uneasy equilibrium, giving birth to every great empire that dominated and pacified the world in the last 500 years.
3			content	enterprise			mark logic envisions open content architecture mark logic this week introduced its open content architecture strategy for enabling enterprise customers to unify and manage unstructured content and other types of enterprise information.
4			feature			yahoo gives web site a facelift internet powerhouse yahoo has given its popular web site a facelift to highlight some of the features that the company has been improving during the past year.
4			standard			cisco grabs p cube for $ 200 million cisco will pay approximately $ 200 million in cash and options. the acquisition of p cube is subject to various standard closing conditions and is expected to close in the first quarter of cisco 's fiscal year 2005.
3			sale	stock			duffield: oracle's skewing facts on stock sales peoplesoft's ceo fires back at rival, saying it's wrong about his stock transactions. both companies scramble ahead of friday deadline.
2			title	champion	final	nation	hockey	cup	game			canada claim world ice hockey title toronto: canada squeezed past finland 3 2 in the final of the world cup of hockey, sending a hockey mad nation into raptures and defending its crown as undisputed champion of the international game.
4			content	enterprise	ibm	software	vendor	integration			ibm buys content integration vendor to help its customers get a handle on all the data scattered across their enterprises, ibm thursday announced plans to acquire venetica, a privately held company that makes content integration software.
3			earnings			the perils of pensions guaranteed pension benefits hang like the sword of damocles over corporate earnings.
4			speed	networking			slowing the speed of light to improve networking optical fiber can deliver data fast, sometimes too fast. slowing light might make some networking bottlenecks vanish.
4			growth	microsoft	sale	technology			sales of pc's buoy results at microsoft buoyed by continued strong worldwide sales of personal computers, microsoft reported strong growth even as it faces the challenges of being a mature technology company.
3			value			won't someone please think of the bytes!? i was wondering today how many terabytes could have been saved over the years if urls would automatically base64 their integer values. 232 is 2147483647 which is 10 bytes. of course if you base64 encode those values this leaves you with: f w which is only 6 bytes. thats a 40 savings!
4			generation			giants join 3g forces optus and vodafone yesterday formalised an alliance in which they will together spend $ 1 billion on third generation mobile phone networks.
4			software	spyware			ftc sues alleged spyware distributors companies are accused of infecting pcs, and then selling spyware blocking software.
4			scientist	technology			diabetes tests 'offer cure hope' scientists say they have made a breakthrough in transplant technology that could help cure more people with diabetes.
4			desktop	core	processor	server			intel mum on dual core desktop and server plans san francisco intel corp. last week outlined a plan to develop a mobile processor with two cpu cores, but the company remained silent about its strategy for dual core
1			politics	terror	election	war	technology	agenda	conflict			digital agenda: homeland security throwing money at technology strategic conflicts, rampant confusion and election year politics are slowing the war on terror. a special report.
4			rate	technology			digitized and brought to life digital technology is radically changing the 165 year old photography industry, creating turmoil and excitement as people buy digital cameras at rates far exceeding industry projections.
4			user	tool	speed	application			f5 jams new tools into traffic manager the many new mechanisms to secure and speed up applications running on networks are heading for consolidation that should make it easier and less expensive to deliver the kind of performance end users want.
1			leadership			stanford cans classy teevens it was an extremely difficult decision, but i simply felt that the program was in need of new direction and leadership, athletic director ted leland said monday.
2			good	season			christmas tree farmers hope for as good of year as last year tis the season to buy real trees to decorate the home and wisconsin christmas tree farmers hope they can repeat last year 's success.
1			leader	talk			unions and car chiefs in talks on jaguar plant union leaders today arrived at luxury car maker jaguar for crucial talks over the future of the coventry browns lane plant. the factory, which opened in 1951 and currently employs
2			raven	game	season			ravens lb boulware to miss at least first six games the baltimore ravens saturday placed linebacker peter boulware on the physically unable to perform list and the veteran will miss at least the first six games of the upcoming season.
2			game	tiger	season			bulldogs lie in wait for 10 months, then chew up tigers from ... the georgia bulldogs insisted all week that they didn 't circle this game on their calendars after losing twice to lsu last season.
4			design			nokia's take on '20s glamour nokia on thursday announced three new camera phones that it says are inspired by the style of the 1920s. one model in particular is described by the finnish phone giant as garbo esque in its design character that would be the 7270 . all three handsets are shown here in art released by the company.
1			talk	reform			ukraine rivals ok vote reforms for rematch ukraine's political rivals agreed at european brokered talks tuesday on legislation to ensure a fair vote in the dec. 26 presidential rematch but failed to agree on constitutional amendments trimming presidential powers.
1			party	race			son running for ill. rep.'s house seat democratic party officials picked u.s. rep. william lipinski's son tuesday to replace his father on the november ballot, a decision engineered by lipinski after he announced his retirement and withdrew from the race four days earlier.
4			app	tool	software	server	application			f5, redline expand software for speeding app performance rivals f5 networks and redline networks are announcing new web enabled application delivery tools that are designed to accelerate data processing by shifting workloads off of servers.
2			quarterback	game	team			pennington still needs a big game as a team, the jets have an awful lot to prove. and as a quarterback, chad pennington is still trying to cement his reputation as a big game performer.
2			play	tournament	soccer			bangladeshi women play soccer tournament a women's soccer tournament resumed saturday despite protests from islamic groups to stop the indecent event.
1			president			panama pardons four anti castro figures panama's president on thursday pardoned four cuban emigres accused of trying to assassinate cuban president fidel castro despite havana's threat to cut diplomatic ties over such a move.
2			injury	championship	final	career	game	sport			off ice, his shifts are semi regular precious few professional athletes leave their sport on their terms. even fewer depart having won a championship in their final game. injuries, diminished skills, and burnout can cut short careers.
2			team	sport			hamilton fired by team olympic gold medalist tyler hamilton's pro cycling team fired him after he failed doping tests, the sport's world governing body said tuesday.
4			lab	user	software	technology	arsenal			yahoo! enhances its arsenal to take on google stata labs is the latest weapon in yahoos arsenal to take on googles domination in the search engine market. yahoo! bought this software company, which specializes in technology that enables users to
4			technology			tech firm to acquire intelligence contractor si international inc. announced plans wednesday to purchase for $ 30 million in cash a columbia company that specializes in technology work for defense intelligence agencies.
4			reserve	party	technology	reader	feature	use	price			dulance shopping search offers product rss feeds dulance shopping search offers product rss feeds dulance, inc. today announced the launch of its comparison shopping service in rss real simple syndication format. dulance is the first search engine to use rss technology to facilitate reserve price shopping. the new feature effectively transforms any third party rss reader into ...
4			feature	card	nvidia	technology			bfg to release two geforce 6600 gts bfg technologies today has announced that it will be releasing cards based on nvidia 's geforce 6600 gt. dubbed the bfg geforce gt oc, the cards come overclocked out of the box and feature
1			politician	minister	prime	president	syria			lebanese president names pro syrian politician omar karami as next ... president emile lahoud appointed staunchly pro syrian politician omar karami as prime minister on thursday and asked him to form the next government, replacing billionaire rafik hariri in a move that consolidates syria 's hold on
4			war	development			yahoo expands search wars to mobile service yahoo coo dan rosenweig called the mobile effort a crucial step in the development of relevant search products and said it is intended to take advantage of the growing base of its existing
1			leader	opposition			ukrainian government blamed for poisoning opposition leader viktor yushchenko said thursday that he was sure he was poisoned by the ukrainian government after a sept. 5 dinner with the head of the country's security service.
4			platform	processor	president	core	use	standard			otellini: dual core, wimax now key to intel strategy intel is pressing for the adoption of dual and multi core processors and platforms, and will use more stringent standards for promising delivery of key products, its president said tuesday.
2			basketball	medal	soccer	team	country	win	beat	argentina	sport			argentina wins first basketball gold com. hours after its men 's soccer team beat paraguay for the country 's first olympic gold medal in any sport since 1952, the argentine men 's basketball team made it a double
4			generation			sony unveils pda with next generation organic el display sony marketing japan inc said tuesday it will begin selling a personal digital assistant sept 25 equipped with an organic electroluminescent display, a next generation monitor.
1			parliament	election	party	night	president			governing party leads in romania romania 's former communists looked likely to retain power last night when exit polls put them comfortably ahead in elections for both parliament and president.
4			software			more questions for florida an apparent whistleblower is generating buzz by saying a florida official sought vote changing software, but cautious observers say there's plenty of room for doubt. by kim zetter.
1			talk			boeing ceo talks around druyun problems straight talking harry c. stonecipher, boeing co.s chief executive, appears to be splitting hairs on the subject of disgraced former air force negotiator darleen a. druyun, who worked briefly as an executive at boeing.
2			champion	tournament	trophy			massu defeats kucera at ca trophy olympic champion nicolas massu defeated karol kucera 6 4, 6 7 5 , 6 4 at the ca trophy tournament on tuesday.
4			president	technology			iran says ready to prove not pursuing nuke weapons iran is ready to prove to the world it is not producing atomic weapons provided the west recognizes the islamic republic's right to peaceful nuclear technology, president mohammad khatami said on wednesday.
2			career			sacked boris 'will bounce back' tory mp boris johnson's political career is not over despite his sacking, say his friends and father.
2			game			samsung ready for 2008 games when the olympic flame faded on sunday the missions of many athletes, participants and spectators came to an end, but sunny hwang knew it was the signal of a new beginning.
4			feature			google on bangalore hiring spree new google features and services would come from the company 's research centre in the southern indian city of bangalore, where google has been on a hiring spree, founders larry page and sergey brin said.
4			technology	version			palmone updates treo phone with display, battery palmone inc. on monday unveiled a new version of its popular treo that adds a removable battery and short range wireless technology to the device, which combines a mobile phone and digital organizer.
3			percent	chain	earnings	sale	gain			target q3 up 78, lifted by mervyn 's sale target corporation said earnings rose 78 percent in the third quarter, boosted by one time gains from the sale of its mervyn 's store chain.
4			lab	scientist			beware! sand in this physics lab may eat you alive scientists have shown that it is possible to vanish into a pile of completely dry sand just as easily as traditional quicksand.
4			platform	processor	pentium			intel introduces extreme chip for gamers intel released its extreme edition pentium 4 processor on monday, a new platform that the chip maker says is especially designed for people who like to push their pcs to the limit.
4			technology			nasd bars ex banker quattrone for life the nasd on monday permanently barred former star technology banker frank quattrone from the securities industry for refusing to testify about his possible role in destroying documents and obstructing justice.
4			identification	good	technology	frequency			sara lee wrestles with rfid, looks for benefits sara lee corp. is testing radio frequency identification tags on some product cases and shipping pallets to meet a mandate that rfid technology be used on goods sent to
3			sale			corporate cost cutters miss out one of the mantras of global industry in recent years has been keeping inventories lean and mean, but there are increasing signs this cost cutting strategy is creating strains and causing companies to miss out on sales.
4			stock	technology			ubs bank to snap up schwab research unit swiss bank ubs is expected to purchase charles schwab corporation 's capital markets business and its soundview technology stock research operation for $ 265 million r1.
2			sport			advertisers find a demographic gold mine: fantasy sports advertisers have uncovered a world of young men with plenty of time on their hands and money to spend a highly coveted demographic in an unlikely place.
4			system	nation	upgrade	microsoft			news: windows upgrade causing campus headaches microsoft corp.'s decision to release a major upgrade for its flagship operating system in the same month that hundreds of thousands of students are reporting to college campuses across the nation is causing a major headache for the higher education community.
1			winner	parliament	election	region	opposition			abkhaz mps back election 'winner' the parliament of georgia's breakaway abkhazia region says the opposition candidate won presidential elections.
4			microsoft	tool	code	development	application			compuware readies tools for microsoft apps development it targets application performance, code quality and security.
4			technique	system	energy	technology			new technology clears clogged arteries might reduce number of bypass surgeries, study says healthdaynews a new technique that uses infrared light and radiofrequency energy to clear blocked arteries may reduce the number of patients who need bypass surgery, says a dutch study in the october issue of the journal cardiovascular interventions. the study found this guidewire system can navigate blocked coronary arteries, burn through dense scar tissue and reestablish blood flow through severely obstructed arteries...
3			profit	share	price			westjet estimates cut on load factor woes analysts chopped their fourth quarter profit estimates for westjet airlines ltd. on wednesday and warned of turbulence in its share price, mainly because of computer woes that hurt its online bookings.
4			system	high	hardware	storage			hitachi debuts new high end storage line hitachi data systems on tuesday launched a new high end storage hardware device whose motto could essentially be everyone into the pool.
2			baseball	season			trainer says bonds took undetectable drug: report baseball star barry bonds took an undetectable performance enhancing drug during the 2003 season, his weight trainer said on a secretly recorded tape, the san francisco chronicle reported saturday.
2			captain	fifa	game			goor will fight five game fifa ban belgium captain bart goor plans to appeal against a five game ban imposed on wednesday after he was sent off for spitting at spain 's xavi earlier this month.
4			system	single	technology	storage			hds targets virtualization with tagmastore new yorkhitachi data systems inc. unveiled tuesday embedded virtualization layer technology that can aggregate up to 32 petabytes of internal and external storage into a single virtual storage pool and
4			talk	technology			vienna nuclear talks very constructive : iran iran said its talks with european officials in vienna on were very constructive , while insisting on its right to nuclear technology, state television reported.
4			development	user	microsoft	server			microsoft sql server 2005 delayed microsoft nasdaq: msft has announced that the shipping date for sql server 2005 has been delayed a development bound to prompt an outcry from users anticipating what is the pivotal product in microsoft's server portfolio.
4			hacker	microsoft	system	code	source			hacker arrested for selling microsoft code federal prosecutors are charging a connecticut man with illegally selling source code for the microsoft windows nt 4.0 and windows 2000 operating systems.
2			champion	team			with ban pending, hamilton loses ride olympic champion tyler hamilton was fired by phonak, his swiss cycling team, two months after testing positive for illegal blood transfusions.
4			science			fierce t. rex 's fluffy history what is more, the creature, which lived 60 to 70 million years before t. rex, had fluffy feathers covering its body. xing xu and colleagues from the chinese academy of sciences in beijing found their tyrannosauroid
4			tool	ibm	speed	development			ibm readies sme tools ibm will announced the pre release of several tools for smes designed to speed development of solutions built on ibm middleware. the tools support the ibm solutions builder express portfolio, which provides
3			value	sale			dude, where's my resale value? detroits big rebates and interest free financing deals have strengthened car sales for the last three years. but they have also eroded the resale value of many american automotive brands.
1			terror	leadership	election	general	fighting	president			millions of indonesians vote in landmark election indonesians voted on monday in a landmark election expected to remove president megawati sukarnoputri and install an ex general who has vowed firmer leadership in fighting terror and boosting the economy.
4			vendor	technology	protection			quantum makes leap into linear tape open field in a move experts say will level the playing field in the linear tape open technology arena, quantum corp. has agreed to purchase certance, a tape drive and data protection vendor based in costa mesa, calif.
4			microsoft	tool	software	developer	ship	standard			microsoft 's visual studio release 2005: everybody in .net microsoft this week previewed its upcoming visual studio 2005 standard edition, which will ship next year. the company says the tool will help software developers in small to mid size organizations
3			growth			september job growth weaker than expected us employers added just 96,000 jobs in september, far fewer than analysts expected and a sign that the economic recovery remains weak.
2			sport			judge not, lest ye be judged in response to two scoring controversies that overshadowed the best us gymnastics performance in olympic history, an official with the sport 's international governing body says it will review judging procedures and the rule book that
2			game	holding			with kenteris and thanou out of games, hometown suffers a big blow give the international olympic committee credit. by virture of simply being in the room when the bullet slipped into the chamber, by holding the disciplinary hearing at which, on wednesday, greek sprinters kostas kenteris and katerina thanou completed ...
4			use	software	microsoft			canceled contract clouds china 's it procurement policies on 28 november 2004, beijing 's municipal government announced the cancellation of a $ 3.6 million contract, awarded without tender on 18 november, that would have allowed it to use microsoft software for a period of 3 years.
1			president	debate			meeting was not first for cheney, edwards vice president dick cheney said tuesday that the debate against democratic sen. john edwards marked the first time the two had met. in fact, the two had met twice previously.
4			code			veto this bill in june, the house and senate each passed corporate tax bills. as we wrote at the time, both threatened to inflict further complications on the tax code, widen the budget deficit and affirm the belief of corporations
2			soccer	team	top	good	win			stoneham finishes the job a good team knows how to put its opponent away, and that is exactly what the top ranked stoneham boys' soccer team did yesterday in a 4 0 win over visiting wakefield, although it took a while.
2			morning	game	title			kenteris and thanou quit games after an hour of interrogation by a three man ioc disciplinary panel at the hilton hotel this morning, kenteris emerged amid chaotic scenes to declare that in the national interest he would not be defending the 200metres title he won in sydney four ...
2			basketball	politics	ncaa	jump	club	coach	texas	sport			knight slams ncaa in washington texas tech men 's coach bob knight was the guest speaker monday at the national press club, offering his opinions on basketball topics and downplaying any ambitions to make the jump to politics from the world of sports.
2			player	baseball			finding a power stroke when most hitters start to fade one question that arises whenever a player is linked to steroids is, what would he have done without them? baseball history whispers an answer.
3			producer	growth			textile heads mull end of quotas it is sad for company executives to curb business growth themselves. but the curbing of growth is now being hotly debated among chinese textile producers, reported china daily on tuesday.
4			science	system	tool	feature	mac	worry	technology	cell			cell signaling technology carlos del castillo, it manager at cell signaling technology, drove the effort to move the company to macs. now no one worries about the system anymore, he says. they 're concentrating on their work, using the mac as a tool rather than as a computer. also, check out why mac for science and other new features on the science site. nov 04
4			science			china launches science satellite china on sunday launched a recoverable science experimental satellite into a preset orbit, atop a long march 2c carrier rocket from a launch center in northwest china.
4			software			computer associates to acquire netegrity in $ 430 million all cash ... computer associates international inc. will acquire netegrity inc. in a $ 430 million cash deal that will merge the computer security software makers, the companies said wednesday.
4			hardware	software	mac	networking	airport			apple releases airport 4.1 software apple computer has released airport 4.1, an update to the drivers for its wireless networking hardware running under mac os x v10.3.
2			night	piston	fan	game	sport			best seats in the house aren't for everyone in the aftermath of the fiasco that was the pacers pistons game last friday night, you would think that pro sports leagues would be looking to move fans farther away from the action.
3			stock			online resources to buy n.j. firm online resources corp., a mclean internet banking and bill payment company, agreed to buy incurrent solutions inc. of parsippany, n.j., for 15 million in cash and stock.
3			sale	gain	share			back to school fears cloud intel report san francisco: intel upcoming mid quarter report will be closely watched for signs of weak back to school computer sales, though recent market share gains in memory chips could help offset any softness in computer microprocessor demand.
1			leader	top	election	minister	party	opposition			romania party transcripts cause outrage documents purported to be transcripts of top level ruling party meetings with ministers discussing intimidating opposition leaders and rigging votes in the senate have surfaced ahead of romania's sunday elections.
1			politics	politician	mail	price	source			consultants deliver politics to voters' inboxes, at a price millions of americans who are already trying to fight off unwanted electronic mail from direct marketers are about to get deluged by another source: politicians and lobbying groups.
1			talk	airway			u.s. airways pilots say labor talks break down talks between us airways group inc. and the union representing pilots have broken down, the air line pilots association said monday.
3			holding			china bank advisor retracts statement on us treasurys a central bank adviser quoted as saying the government had cut its holdings of us treasurys backtracked friday after the speculation helped push the euro to a new all time peak.
2			coach			utah hires whittingham defensive coordinator kyle whittingham replaces urban meyer as the new head coach at utah on wednesday.
4			technology			workers breaking office shackles a survey shows that more workers are relying on technology to do their job while on the move.
1			leader	party			ni deal possible soon a political agreement in northern ireland could be reached by the middle of next week, the leader of the moderate alliance party has said.
4			microsoft	system	patch	application	flaw			network security microsoft image flaw opens door to hackers microsoft is offering a patch for a critical security flaw related to the processing of jpeg images by its operating systems and other applications.
4			design	pentium	project			intel shelves 4 ghz pentium in favor of other projects the company 's planned 4 ghz design, already delayed once, will be scrapped in favor of hyperthreading, security, and on chip memory improvements.
2			leader	team			jaguars release sack leader brackens the jacksonville jaguars on sunday released defensive end tony brackens, the team's all time sack leader.
4			user	software			hosted sap service targets midmarket sap is rolling out a hosted service it hopes will appeal to midsize customers that can rent the software for as little as $ 325 per user per month while avoiding the complexity of in house installations.
4			spur	system			sharp introduces 3 dimensional computer display hoping to spur a 3 d revolution, sharp systems of america introduced monday a new flat panel computer display designed to deliver eye popping images without the need for special glasses...
4			grid	infrastructure	creator	software	source			globus toolkit creators form grid software company the creators of the globus toolkit, an open source grid infrastructure software, have formed a new company, univa, to provide commercial software, services and support for globus software.
4			software			sap offers automated security check service sap on wednesday unveiled a service, sap security optimization, that offers automated security configuration checks for customers software.
3			sale			carrefour sees 2004 results short of target as third quarter disappoints french retail giant carrefour warned that 2004 results would not meet its targets, as it reported weaker than expected sales for the third quarter.
1			leader	war	peace	talk			taiwan's leader urges china to begin talks taiwan's leader used his national day speech sunday to urge china to begin peace talks so the two rivals can avoid war. chinese and taiwanese leaders haven't met since the communists took over china in 1949 and taiwan began resisting the mainland's rule...
2			minnesota	game	team	sport			vikings ink morten andersen eden prairie, mn sports network the minnesota vikings attempted to shore up their kicking game tuesday when the team signed veteran morten andersen and released brett conway.
2			walk	athletics	victory	win	game			tsoumeleka wins greece's first athletics gold athanasia tsoumeleka won greece's first athletics gold of the olympic games monday with an upset victory in the women's 20km walk.
2			player	fan	soccer			black players are taunted in spain i m mad at people who think it 's funny to taunt black soccer players. i m saddened that a small group i hope it 's just a small group but i have my doubts f stupid fans are ruining, what
1			president			ethics commission clears meirelles of wrongdoing a commission that monitors brazilian government members has concluded that central bank president henrique meirelles, facing media accusations of tax evasion, has not behaved unethically.
4			content	hardware	generation			sony closer to content gadget vision with mgm deal with its acquisition of hollywood film studio metro goldwyn mayer, sony corp is one step closer to its vision of linking hardware and content, and to winning the key battle for the next generation dvd.
4			technology			cat clones from cnn which didn't permalink this article so no pagerank for you! : baba ganoush and tabouli, the first cats cloned by chromatin transfer, tackle a cat toy in san francisco thursday. the technology was developed by genetic savings clone, a company that produces cat clones.
2			celebration	game	sport			big fat celebration to close games for the last two weeks, the world 's focus was on athens and sport and everyone was invited to a big fat greek closing ceremony.
2			game			greece set for games finale athens prepares to bid farewell to the 2004 olympic games at sunday's closing ceremony.
2			trophy	team			spaceshipone takes x prize spoils thespaceshipone team is handed the $ 10m cheque and trophy it won for claiming the ansari x prize.
1			police	politician			policeman accuses gujarat bjp gujarat politicians prevented police from carrying out their duties during riots in 2002, a senior policeman says.
2			baseball			selig receives three year extension owners on thursday unanimously voted to extend the term of baseball commissioner bud selig for three years through 2009.
4			ibm	technology			ibm to expand data centers across world ibm is expanding and adding new technology to 11 of its data centers in north america, europe and asia to meet growing demand and rolled out new services to customers, the world's largest computer company said late on thursday.
4			expectation	card	profit	good	technology			a technology recovery in post exuberant times the profit report cards last week looked good both for the old line stalwarts of the technology sector, but this is a technology recovery of seemingly diminished expectations.
3			investor	user	retailer			revamped emusic targets indie market nearly a year since it was sold by vivendi universal to private investors, online retailer emusic has undergone a facelift that includes a panel of music critics to help users comb its trove of independent music.
4			user			peoplesoft aims to reassure customers as connect show opens no one can envy the position of peoplesoft nasdaq: psft executives as they enter their annual connect user conference this week. last year's show was dominated by speculation over oracle's nasdaq: orcl hostile takeover bid for the company a prospect they hoped would be squelched by this year.
4			system	attack			news: south pole 'cyberterrorist' hack wasn't the first internal reports show that romanian cyber extortionists weren't the first to penetrate the south pole research station, but cast doubt on the u.s. claim that life support systems were compromised in the attack.
4			science	technology			x prize for world's 'holy grails' x prizes for breakthroughs in science or technology that solve the world's greatest challenges are planned.
4			software	feature			media centers on parade brand name pc makers debut a host of new pcs that feature microsoft's media center 2005 software.
2			rating	sport			olympics sport solid ratings gyms worldwide were dark in anticipation of the olympic gymnastics competition, nbc's al trautwig said this week in a dramatic introduction and then the cameras pulled back to reveal row after row of empty seats in athens.
1			president			former viacom president karmazin returns to radio roots with ... new york sirius satellite radio inc. is bringing in another big gun from the media world, tapping mel karmazin, the former president of media giant viacom inc.
2			league	high	baseball	sport			baseball to try to finalize expos' move major league baseball will attempt to finalize negotiations within a week to move the montreal expos to washington next year, a high ranking baseball official said thursday after a meeting of the sport's executive council.
1			side	debate			strong charges set new tone before debate the intensity of advertisements broadcast this weekend signaled the importance that both sides attach to the debates.
4			developer	tool	software	generation			intel programming tools reach new 64 bit chips they let developers create software that supports 64 bit x86 chips important in making the new generation of chips useful.
4			software			oracle victorious in quest for peoplesoft it 's finally over. business software maker peoplesoft psft agreed to be acquired by rival oracle orcl for $ 10.3 billion monday, ending 18
3			share	profit	earnings	rise	retailer			lowe 's sees profit rising in 2005, 2006 home improvement retailer lowe 's cos. low.n: quote, profile, research on tuesday said it expects diluted earnings per share to rise in both 2005 and 2006 as it benefits from increased remodeling and home ownership.
1			politics	fund	terrorist			u.s. funds chat room surveillance study amid the torrent of jabber in internet chat rooms flirting by qtpie and boogieboy, arguments about politics and horror flicks are terrorists plotting their next move? the government certainly isn't discounting the possibility.
3			good			e.u. set to lift sanctions for now european union has decided to lift, at least temporarily, sanctions imposed on u.s. goods since congress enacted sweeping changes in corporate tax law earlier this month.
1			reform			the heart of the hartz commission peter hartz, as chairman of a commission to overhaul germany's economy, became synonymous with far reaching, often unpopular, reforms.
4			platform	processor	pentium	desktop	technology	core			intel unveils yonah dual core mobile chip intel corp. outlined its plans for a dual core mobile processor and platform technology wednesday, but declined to provide any details about the dual core future of its flagship pentium 4 desktop processor.
2			game			china opens up to electronic arts ea, the world's biggest computer games firm, is setting up a studio in china to push online games.
3			shareholder			crunch day for gold fields gold fields may find itself without a board, a chairman, or the approval of its shareholders for its financial statements after a crucial shareholders meeting tomorrow.
4			software			former ca ceo charged with fraud former computer associates international inc. on chief executive sanjay kumar was charged on wednesday with securities fraud and obstruction of justice stemming from a two year investigation of improper accounting at the software maker.
2			war	game			the force is strong in battlefront star wars: battlefront is an absolute blast and one of the most immediately satisfying game offerings yet from george lucas' stable.
3			listing	exchange	shareholder	stock			capital benefits for news news corporation shareholders were told yesterday to expect an even brighter future if the global media conglomerate moved its primary listing to the new york stock exchange.
4			software	microsoft	management	version			microsoft to launch new small business software microsoft corp. msft.o is planning to release a new version of its office program for small businesses that handles accounting and customer management tasks, the world 's largest software maker said on friday.
4			technology			at t, covad close in on wimax both companies plan to start offering the super speedy, cost effective wireless technology as soon as possible.
2			top	football			top end for no. 10 cal finally healthy almost the only thing chase lyman has kept healthy while playing football is his head.
4			content			google strikes deals for library content google reached agreements with several major research libraries to digitize the content of thousands of books in their archives, adding momentum to the search giant 's effort to catalog vast amounts of offline information in addition to web pages, the
1			party	crisis	talk			china clings to diplomatic mechanism the chinese foreign ministry said tuesday it remains hopeful six party talks on the north korean nuclear program can resolve the crisis on the peninsula.
2			victory	game	team	win			all wrapped up before last night's game, doc rivers spoke of his team's tough win 48 hours earlier against the milwaukee bucks. what made it special, he suggested, was that the celtics had managed a victory despite not playing very well.
4			denver	technology			study finds technology could support mountain monorail new technology would make it possible to build a monorail connecting denver to the state 's ski resorts and such a railway could carry six to eight times more people than two additional
4			microsoft	technology			is the heyday of the mp3 coming to a close? after years as the unrivalled king of the digital media world, the venerable mp3 music format is losing ground to rival technologies from microsoft and apple.
2			final	race			athens asides austrian triathlon athlete kate allen passed australia 's loretta harrop just seconds before crossing the finish line yesterday, completing a stunning race in which she passed over half the field during the final leg.
4			system	software	microsoft			palmsource to unveil smart phone software operating system might help make up for a rough quarter and microsoft nipping at the company's heels.
3			profit			time warner 's net profit down 8 mumbai: for the third quarter ended 30 september, the media and entertainment conglomerate time warner recorded a net income of $ 499 million.
2			race			nascar: hendrick plane missing a plane carrying members of the hendrick motorsports organization was missing sunday after losing contact with the federal aviation administration on its way to a nascar race, and a search was underway for the aircraft.
4			hardware	technology	player	source	version			via tunes open source media player via technologies has released a version of the open source xine media player that is designed to take advantage of hardware digital video acceleration capabilities in two of the company 's pc chipsets, the cn400 and cle266.
4			technology			philips sells pc monitor and flat tv manufacturing unit taiwan 's tpv technology ltd. has agreed to buy the unbranded computer monitor and entry level flat screen television manufacturing operations of dutch consumer electronics giant koninklijke philips electronics nv.
2			medal	champion	game			mactier 's pursuit halted by kiwi gold champion kiwi cyclist sarah ulmer denied victorian katie mactier the olympic games 3000m individual pursuit gold medal today by smashing the world record.
1			party	high	gain	election			far right groups gain in two german state elections voters in two east german states angry over high unemployment handed a rebuke sunday to germany's two biggest parties, giving big gains to far right and former communist groups, television projections showed.
4			tool	good			tsunami prompts online outpouring in the aftermath of last week's tsunami disaster, the internet is a tool for good and bad ... but mostly good.
3			growth			google sees slower revenue growth ahead hugely popular internet search engine google inc. cautioned thursday its current pace of revenue growth is expected to slow.
4			high	speed	technology	generation			singtel to launch 3g service singapore telecommunications singtel said it will commercially launch its high speed third generation 3g mobile service within months, putting it at the forefront of southeast asian telecoms firms looking to roll out the technology.
1			coalition	election	party	presidency	win			leftist coalition predicted to win uruguay 's presidency a coalition of leftist elements is predicted to win uruguay 's presidential election on sunday ending the conservative parties dominance of more than 170 years.
4			use	system	tool			authentication is not an anti spam system opinion: already we re hearing it, that spammers are beating spf and the other authentication systems. but the truth has always been that authentication is only a tool for anti spam systems to use.
3			investor			mckesson gets pain relief drug distributors would like to forget 2004. but this may mean bargains for investors.
2			team	champion	championship	season			villeneuve gets back on track with sauber former world champion jacques villeneuve will drive for switzerlands sauber motor racing team in next season 's formula one championship.
1			conflict	president			uribe defends security policies colombia's president alvaro uribe tells the bbc his tough stance on the internal conflict is crucial and effective.
4			user	microsoft	system	ibm	server	integration	version			microsoft readies host integration server 2004 the newest edition of host integration server, which replaces the 2000 version, is designed to make it easier for users to link windows systems with ibm mainframes and midrange iseries servers.
2			team	race	season			button contract decision delayed jenson button will not know which formula one team he will race for next season until next month after a hearing on the dispute was adjourned.
2			team			us airborne laser advances to first light a boeing co. led team has successfully fired for the first time a powerful laser meant to fly aboard a modified 747 as part of a us ballistic missile defense shield, officials said on friday.
4			un	technology			iran says uranium ban illegal, dismisses sanctions iran yesterday denounced as illegal demands from the un atomic watchdog agency that it freeze all work on uranium enrichment, a technology that can be used for nuclear weapons.
2			coach			arnesen denies rift with santini tottenham sporting director frank arnesen has denied that coach jacques santini 's sudden departure was the result of a clash of personalities.
4			high	software	sale	generation			reebok unveils high tech sneaker pump 2.0 hoping to build on the success of a shoe that generated big sales but also was ridiculed when it was introduced 15 years ago, reebok inc. on wednesday rolled out a next generation high tech sneaker with a name that takes a cue from computer software launches: the pump 2.0.
1			leader	election			senate leaders hope to act on 9 11 bill senate majority leader bill frist said monday he will decide in the next two days whether there is a realistic chance congress can get the sept. 11 intelligence reorganization bill completed before election day.
2			baseball			giants to offer wi fi instant replays peanuts, hot dogs and wireless instant replays. it's the future of baseball.
3			depot	chain	sale			kmart home depot close the deal kmart and home depot have finalized the terms of their deal which will see the sale of 18 kmart stores to the home improvement super chain for $ 271 million in cash.
3			good			how to create dynamic headlines for your google adwords ads how to create dynamic headlines for your google adwords ads relevancy is the key to the success of all advertising. if your ad conveys the right message at the right time, to the right people, then you stand a very good chance of increasing the response to your ad. if ...
2			coach			sprinters charged with dodging drug test greek sprinters kostas kenteris and katerina thanou and their coach were charged thursday with avoiding a drug test on the eve of the athens olympics and faking a motorcycle accident hours later.
2			holding	fan	win	sport			chinese gp new star of f1 circuit rubens barrichello 's start to finish win holding off the double challenge of young guns jenson button and kimi raikkonen enthralled genuine sports fans and undoubtedly had the marketing men rubbing their hands as the sport sunk its claws into china 's
4			software	switch			cisco targets smbs with new switches, software cisco has released a new line of switches and services for small and medium sized businesses aimed at helping companies with 100 to 1000 employees deploy converged voice
1			leader	country			plan to ask cambodian king to stay on cambodians are awaiting the outcome of a trip to china by one of the country 's leaders, who is hoping to coax king norodom sihanouk into reversing his decision to abdicate.
2			franchise	baseball			expos become nationals, but not before a fight the montreal expos would be renamed the washington nationals if the proposed move of the franchise is approved by baseball owners.
2			football	angeles	los	season	coach	sport			ucla coach dorrell agrees to extension los angeles, ca sports network karl dorrell, head football coach at ucla, agreed to a two year contract extension friday that will keep him at the school through the 2010 season.
2			victory	single	game	season			martin, jordan power jets to victory for the first six games of the season, curtis martin single handedly shouldered the running burden for the new york jets. martin hardly ever took a break in games, while his seldom used backup fidgeted impatiently on the sideline.
1			president	coup			sirius names mel karmazin as its ceo in the latest coup for the fledgling satellite radio industry, sirius satellite radio inc. on thursday named former viacom inc. president mel karmazin as its chief executive officer.
2			champion			tszyu returns with a bang and mitchell goes thud by eddy manning: the word impressive could only be used as a mere understatement when summing up ibf junior welterweight champion kostya tszyus performance tonight.
4			cell	researcher	technology	institute			spinach could power better solar cells an electronic device that uses spinach to convert light into electrical charge has been developed by us researchers. shuguang zhang at massachusetts institute of technology, us, and research collaborators
3			mining	good	shareholder			canadian gold doesn 't glitter no news was good news for south africa 's harmony gold mining company nyse: hmy today. over at rival and takeover target gold fields limited nyse: gfi , a shareholder vote was held to endorse
4			speed	card	networking	feature	access			apple bumps ibook speed to 1.33 ghz the addition of wireless access cards in all ibook models is a clear sign that apple views wireless networking and internet access as a feature that most of its customers want and need with
2			tournament	title	final	soccer	team	race	win	coach	game	seed			upstart somerset gives horton fitting finale the somerset boys' soccer team started the state tournament as an 18th seed and an afterthought in the race for the division 2 state title. the blue raiders knew their coach, whit horton, would be retiring after their final game. yesterday, they gave horton the best retirement gift possible, the miaa division 2 state title, taking a 1 0 win over ...
1			leader			iran extends range of its ballistic missiles, former leader says iran said yesterday that its missiles now have a range of more than 1,200 miles, a substantial extension of their previously declared range.
4			worm	virus	software	version			new bagle variants storm the internet latest versions of the bagle worm have appeared in the internet, prompting anti virus companies to warn customers about the threat and to push out software updates to spot the new worms.
1			berlin	politician			corrupt ways that indias politicians have been rated among the most corrupt in the world in a report brought out by berlin based ngo transparency international ti isnta matter of surprise at all.
4			upgrade	networking	access			intel gives centrino chip line a wireless upgrade intel corp. on thursday said it has upgraded the wireless networking capabilities of its centrino line of notebook computer chips to allow broader network access with improved security.
4			alternative			time for alternative minimum tactics a special tax to make sure rich people pay at least something to the government are badly out of date.
3			percent	profit	sale	share			bristol myers profit down, so are shares bristol myers squibb co. on friday said quarterly profit fell 16 percent on special charges and lower u.s. sales amid competition from rival brands and cheaper generics.
3			user	share	application	enterprise			oracle acquisition of peoplesoft brings customers into focus oracle 's agreement to buy peoplesoft for $ 26.50 per share, or approximately $ 10.3 billion, means a new era for users of peoplesoft 's enterprise applications.
4			identification	frequency	system	ibm	software			ibm carves new rfid unit the sensor and actuator solutions group will create services and software related to rfid systems. by laurie sullivan. ibm has created the sensor and actuator solutions group to support devices such as those used in radio frequency identification setups.
4			software			custom software for corporations while peoplesoft continues to fend off oracles takeover bid, a subplot is unfolding in the world of corporate software.
4			management	switch			cisco offerings target small firms cisco this week will release products it says will help small companies deal with the complexities of lan switch security, convergence and network management.
1			party	democrat	reform	gain			schroeder 's spd routed in saarland, far right gains german chancellor gerhard schroeder 's social democrats slumped to their worst result in 44 years in the western state of saarland on sunday as voters punished the party for its painful economic reforms.
3			chain	trading			walker may buy back iceland stores former chairman of frozen food supermarket chain iceland, malcolm walker, is being linked to a possible buy back of the business, now trading as part of the big food group.
4			system			fda unveils new rules for supplement labels the food and drug administration said yesterday it is setting up a new system for identifying potentially dangerous and mislabeled dietary supplements, and it promised to aggressively go after
4			ibm	software			ibm exec to be ca chief: report troubled business software company computer associates has reportedly selected long time ibm executive john swainson as its new chief executive.
2			round	match	team			serie a round 10: best eleven of the week here goes the serie a team of the week for the 10th round of matches. toldo celebrated his return in the inter starting line up with a very impressive match.
4			software	standard	application			security group sets baseline standard for firewalls four security software rivals are have teamed up to set a baseline standard for application security firewalls, challenging others in the industry to join them.
3			growth	profit	system	sale	second			agilysys posts 2q profit on acquisitions agilysys inc., a supplier of electronic components and computer systems, said tuesday that it swung to a profit in the fiscal second quarter as acquisitions contributed to strong sales growth.
4			patent	microsystems	protection	system	software	infringement	source			sun plans patent protection for open source solaris san jose, calif. when sun microsystems releases solaris as open source software, it plans to provide legal protection from patent infringement suits to outsiders using or developing the operating system one of several ways sun hopes to make solaris more
2			park	high	game	stadium			stadiums go high tech will wi fi, mobile messaging and other enhancements improve the game, or wreck it? br photos of tech friendly parks
3			profit	sale			us sale boosts waterford's profit irish china and glassmaker waterford wedgwood announces a half year profit thanks to the sale of a former us cookware division.
4			networking			group proposes faster wi fi specification networking consortium submits proposal for faster wi fi, as battle lines are drawn between rival groups.
1			leader			independence, mechanics at odds union leaders representing mechanics at flyi inc.'s independence air said monday that contract negotiations have bogged down, and they raised the prospect of a strike at the 3 1 2 month old airline.
2			receiver	play	park	game	sport			vincent, reed out for sunday 's game orchard park, ny sports network veteran cornerback troy vincent and wide receiver josh reed will not play sunday when the buffalo bills host the st.
3			management			bosses 'too trusting of outsourcer 's security ceos aren 't taking the care that they should with their customers data when they outsource, according to a new survey of senior management.
3			earnings			caterpillar's earnings more than double caterpillar inc. said on thursday quarterly earnings more than doubled on continued strong demand for its heavy equipment.
2			coach	football			spurrier withdraws name from florida vacancy steve spurrier will not coach the florida gators again after he withdrew his name from consideration in the process to select a new head football coach at the university.
1			election			moore election special is dropped a three hour election show from film maker michael moore has been dropped by a us cable tv company.
2			tom	franchise	game	team			ubisoft get ready with the next rainbox six installment ubisoft today announced its plans to launch the next installment in the tom clancys rainbow six franchise in spring 2005. the next rainbow six game follows team rainbow, the worlds most
2			final	team	sport			sprinter earle connor suspended from paralympic team pending cces ... canadian sprinter earle connor has been suspended from the canadian paralympic team pending the final review of his positive drug test by the canadian centre for ethics in sport.
2			team	win			spain 's freire wins sixth cycling stage spain 's oscar freire won the sixth stage of the spanish vuelta on thursday, and countryman manuel beltran of the us postal service team kept his lead as the overall standings remained unchanged.
1			party	politician	president			chirac rival takes helm of president 's party nicolas sarkozy, one of france 's most ambitious and visible politicians and an in house rival of president jacques chirac moved to the helm of the president 's party yesterday, a perfect podium for him to bid for the
2			cricket	sport	suspension			bcci yet to get intimation of ganguly 's suspension: sports india, cricket: jaipur, nov 15 : the board of control for cricket in india bcci is yet to get a formal communication from the international cricket body on the two test suspension of skipper sourav ganguly, an official said monday.
4			developer	system	software	version			apple sues to halt os x release on net apple computer has sued three software developers, contending they distributed versions of its os x computer operating system on the internet.
3			growth	buying	sale	enterprise			enterprise pc shipments strong in q4 although personal computer sales are on track for double digit growth, the research firm gartner says consumer buying of pcs in the last quarter of the year may come up short.
2			auto	hit	game			the return of grand theft auto since the playstation 2 hit store shelves in 2001, no game has sold more copies than grand theft auto: san andreas or grand theft auto 3 .
1			leader			peru suspends retrial of shining path leader guzman peru abruptly suspended the retrial of shining path founder abimael guzman almost as soon as it began on friday after the guerrilla leader caused a furor in court, shouting communist slogans and defiantly raising his fists.
2			michigan	team	coach	football			ready or not, msu prepares for big ten heavyweights michigan state football coach john l. smith couldn 't, or wouldn 't, say if his team is in any condition to compete with the big ten 's upper echelon.
4			project			lack of cash killed beagle 2 if there had been as many people taking care of the beagle 2 project as there have been reports into why the lander got lost, we d have reams of data on the composition of the martian soil flooding back from a perfectly functioning vehicle, right now.
4			science	developer			developers squeeze florida big cat the fish and wildlife service is under scrutiny for neglecting to protect endangered panther habitat. by warren richey staff writer of the christian science monitor.
1			election			foreign observers see problems in election substantial threats to the integrity of the u.s. presidential election remain despite an improvement in election practices since 2000, an international delegation of election observers reported on thursday.
4			software	share			peoplesoft board rejects oracle bid business software maker peoplesoft inc. on saturday said its board again rejected oracle corp.'s 9.2 billion tender offer, remaining defiant a day after most of its shares were tendered to oracle.
2			play			shortstop omar vizquel to play for giants free agent shortstop omar vizquel has agreed to terms on a $ 12.25 million, three year contract with the san francisco giants, a person close to the negotiations told the associated press on sunday on condition of anonymity.
3			holding			security companies plan merger computer security companies trusecure corp. and betrusted holdings inc. said last week they would merge to create a new company called cybertrust that would sell a portfolio
2			night	fan	game	country			gamers line up to grab halo 2 video game fans across the country stood in the chilly november air last night, eagerly awaiting the arrival of halo 2.
4			software	piracy			software piracy whistle blowers get bigger rewards the bsa trade group ups its reward for information on u.k. companies that are using illegal software.
2			movie	game			strategy guides are as hot as video games video games are so popular that even books about them are selling well. hint filled strategy guides now can sell more than 1 million copies, and long awaited games are being given the kind of making of treatment typically bestowed on blockbuster movies.
4			project			australia to buy long range missiles for air force the australian government announced on thursday a project worth 350 450 million dollars 245 315 million us dollars to equip air force aircraft with long range missiles capable of destroying land and sea targets.
4			turkey	sale	technology			7 eleven adopting wireless technology sherry neal checked the refrigerated shelves of her 7 eleven store, touched the screen of a small handheld computer and got an instant four week sales history on turkey sandwiches.
3			application	enterprise			hitachi 's travelstar notebook harddrive upgraded to 100 gbyte hitachi increased the capacity of its travelstar notebook harddrives. the consumer targeted 5k100 and e5k100 for enterprise applications offer up to 100 gbyte
4			police	system	software	networking	code	england			man arrested in uk in cisco code theft a 20 year old man has been arrested in england in the theft of the proprietary software blueprints used by cisco systems inc.'s networking equipment, police and the company confirmed friday.
2			country	club			u.s. open to return to congressional the u.s. open will return to congressional country club in 2011.
4			system	mount	technology	volcano	high	scientist			volcano research goes high tech gps, radar systems and digital cameras help scientists, but mount st. helens isn't a hotbed of the latest technology.
2			high	sport	delhi			sc stays appointment of mohan as interim administrator of bcci : sports india gt; new delhi, oct 11 : the supreme court today stayed the madras high court order appointing justice retd s mohan as the interim administrator of bcci.
2			coach			canadians start fast the bad blood was everywhere in the building. it caused canadian coach pat quinn to accuse the americans of running goalie martin brodeur.
4			platform	microsoft	team	system	management	code	beta	application			debut for microsoft alm platform code a major component of microsoft corp. 's application lifecycle management platform, visual studio 2005 team system is today expected to reach beta.
3			investor	fund			investors pour robust $ 5.5 billion into venture funds venture capital and private equity firms enjoyed a particularly strong third quarter when it came to raising money from institutional investors.
2			tour	sport			pro tour set for 2005 with or without tour de france hein verbruggen, head of the international cycling union uci , has reaffirmed that the sport's revolutionary pro tour will begin in 2005 as planned.
2			race			new group plans to protest, push nascar toward diversity nascar officials are bracing to defend themselves from the negative publicity that might result from a planned protest at the races in talladega, ala.
3			management	airway			industry report: aviation us airways to cut pay us airways announced plans to cut $ 45 million a year in pay and benefits to roughly 3,700 management employees, a move the airline hopes will convince its union employees to collectively accept $ 950 million in annual cost cuts.
3			investment	gain			fueling gains please read this first: following is an independent investment commentary and analysis from the investment channel expressing views that are not connected with reuters news.
4			feature			moscow marks anniversary of communist revolution russians celebrated their revolution day holiday sunday with marches and rallies in moscow and many other cities. in contrast to monolithic displays of devotion to the soviet state, a feature of that marked
4			debate	supply	chain	technology			speakers debate rfid benefits, challenges several speakers at this week's epcglobal conference talked about how rfid tagging can help companies track products, cut down on theft and reduce supply chain costs. but analysts said u.s. companies are moving cautiously on the technology.
4			experiment	switch			calif. lawmakers vote to switch primary lawmakers have agreed to return california's primary to its traditional date of june, ending the state's eight year experiment with a march primary.
4			secret	technology			us house cracks down on internet age peeping toms the house of representatives, worried by abuse of internet age technology, has moved to crack down on video voyeurism by adopting a bill that makes secret production and distribution of pictures of people caught in their private moments punishable by fines and up to a year in jail.
3			earnings			tribune earnings to trail estimates newspaper and television station owner tribune co. on wednesday said third quarter earnings would lag wall street estimates because of lower than expected publishing and broadcasting revenue.
2			auto	game			san andreas : like gorgeous graffiti on your front door i look at grand theft auto: san andreas about the same way i might view gorgeous graffiti painted on my front door. no matter how artistic this game might be, i do not welcome it.
4			switch			f5 networks to introduce next gen traffic manager f5 networks will announce its new switch next week, part of efforts to broaden its reach in the market.
4			science	lab	supercomputer	ibm	gene	application			ibm puts blue genes on the shelf ibm said in a press release that it is working with many national lab and universities to develop blue gene supercomputer applications in areas such as life sciences, hydrodynamics, quantum
3			sale			webex launches sales center expanded web conferencing service is specifically designed for sales professionals.
2			point	team			doctors ready to perform face transplant a team of doctors from louisville and the netherlands say in a new medical journal article that they are ready to perform a face transplant, a procedure considered controversial by some medical ethicists. there arrives a point in time when the procedure should simply be done...
4			server			cite we cite seize servers, cite you cite can't complain us gov indymedia seizures site owners have 'no standing'
4			worm	virus	technology	server	switch			hp to release virus throttler for windows in 2005 hp plans to add virus throttling technology to proliant servers and procurve switches starting in early 2005. virus throttler technology slows the spread of a virus or worm within an infected server to give administrators time to act.
4			networking	generation			wi fi gets ready for next generation net wireless networking equipment makers are starting to roll out ipv6 ready gear to meet demand for the new protocol in asia.
2			final	coach	career	game	kick			coaches take back seat as the formula kicks in during 21 years in coaching, i ve been lucky enough to reach the grand final five times. these games represent the pinnacle of your career, but at the same time produce a very strange sensation.
1			election	parliament	opposition			ukraine's parliament opens without quorum ukraine's parliament opened on wednesday without a quorum, hurting opposition hopes of pushing through motions to open the way for new presidential elections.
4			system	sale			nintendo expects five million ds systems. nintendo has raised its sales targets for the new nintendo ds system, which has already launched in america and is scheduled to launch in japan late next week.
1			crisis	president			philippines economy faces crisis philippine president gloria arroyo has called on the public to make personal sacrifices amid warnings of an impending economic crisis.
4			networking			cisco continues to court small business networking giant launches new program for resellers targeting small and midsize customers.
4			leader	feature			google launches new book search feature online search leader google inc. goog is becoming more bookish...
2			united	game	team			us men take gold and bronze in cycling time trial the united states proved there is more to their cycling team than lance armstrong by taking gold and bronze in the men 's olympic individual time trial at the athens games wednesday.
2			coach			brown cites lost spirit, medical issues, as reasons for retirement hubie brown said he stepped down as the coach of the memphis grizzlies for two reasons: he lost his spirit, and because of medical issues he wants kept private.
4			enterprise	system	upgrade	feature	storage			hitachi upgrades storage line hitachi data systems has announced a new enterprise storage lineup to include features such as a virtualisation which allows customers to manage up to 32petabytes of internal and external storage.
4			user			voiceglo offers im interoperability users of the four major consumer im networks will be able to chat with each other?with some restrictions.
4			tool	graphic			kimono makers now employ computer graphics for centuries, japan's kimono makers have relied on stencils, paintbrushes and hours of labor to turn out their elaborate and graceful creations. kimono designer yuko iwakuma uses some more up to date tools: a computer and an ink jet printer.
1			general	election			brown looks to election battles gordon brown will set the economic battleground for the next general election in his pre budget report.
2			career			intercontinental hotels eases out ceo intercontinental hotels, the world 's biggest hotelier, has eased out chief executive richard north to make way for a career hotelier with brand building skills to drive forward the business.
4			technology			andreessen: ie faces one two punch com october 6, 2004, 3:40 pm pt. there 's no doubt the internet will continue to make its mark in the world of business and technology.
2			team			mission to mars: risky business the mars exploration rovers, spirit and opportunity, will claim a place in history as tremendous successes. but to get the rovers ready for launch, mission team members had to push themselves to their limits. mer principal investigator steve squyres explains how they handled the challenge.
1			talk			eu agrees to eight proposals by iran after 22 hours of intense negotiations in paris, iranian and european representatives announced an initial agreement on the complete framework for further nuclear talks.
4			developer	technology	storage			quantum to buy tape rival certance com october 20, 2004, 5:29 pm pt. data storage tape company quantum on wednesday said it will pay $ 60 million in cash to acquire rival tape technology developer certance.
2			match	team			hard working preston had to go prospective livingston owner pearse flynn has praised allan preston for keeping the team afloat during an uncertain financial time but insists results on the field did not match the commitment of the sacked manager.
2			game	top	season			top toys list released by testing council the best new toys on canadian store shelves as the shopping season approaches include a dancing robo t and an electronic guessing game, according to a new report.
4			tool			added security with strong authentication verisign and rsa security intro security tools that could help combat the upswing in e commerce threats. by thomas claburn. it 's hard to say what 's growing faster, security threats or security solutions.
4			user	java	good	software	server	development	application	source	version			geronimo looking to be regulations specialist the latest version of the open source java application server in development by the apache software, geronimo is shaping up as a good server for specialised applications, such as plug ins to ensure that users are complying with regulations.
2			race	game	country	title			moutain bike gold to france france finally struck cycling gold when julien absalon won the mountain bike cross country title today in the last cycling race of the games.
2			slam	coach	game			minutemen slam the brakes on their skid after suffering losses each of the last four weeks in a murderer's row schedule in the words of coach don brown it appeared massachusetts was about to lose no. 5 early in yesterday's game.
2			final	team			brit relay teams go through britain's men's and women's relay teams qualify for their 4x100m medley finals.
4			system	generation			tyco to market plug power 's generator plug power inc., a maker of on site power generation systems for commercial and residential dwellings, on tuesday said tyco electronics power systems inc.
4			microsoft	team	enterprise	tool	system	development			microsoft details new domain specific modeling tools microsoft corp. is continuing its push into the enterprise level development market with a new framework and tool for visual studio team system.
4			system	microsoft	access			cisco, microsoft bridge security gap cisco systems inc. and microsoft corp. on monday will announce a collaborative effort designed to bridge a divide between their emerging network access control architectures.
4			silicon	project	switch			intel switches off lcos tv chip intel has decided to cancel its project to develop a liquid crystal on silicon lcos chip that would bring down the cost of rear projection televisions.
3			price	sale	stock	share			google founders plan sales of their shares the two co founders of google each plan to sell as many as 7.2 million shares of their stock during the next 18 months, giving them more than $ 1 billion apiece at current prices.
3			share			nokias smartphones nokia unveiled three new megapixel handsets this week in a further move towards its long term bid to take a 40 share of the market.
4			platform	system	software	mac	standard	version	adobe			adobe temporarily pulls acrobat update for mac adobe systems inc. has temporarily removed the 6.0.3 update for professional and standard versions of its acrobat software for the macintosh platform.
4			email	upgrade	technology	use	project			yahoo upgrades its email service yahoo 's email service has begun to use the company 's domainkeys authentication technology, almost a year after yahoo first unveiled this antispam project.
1			minister			japan says china regrets submarine intrusion china expressed regret today over what it called an accidental incursion by one of its submarines into japanese waters last week, japan 's foreign minister said, the first time beijing has acknowledged the submarine was one of its own.
1			politics	politician			france 's industrial power trip in so many ways, french politician and presidential aspirant nicolas sarkozy is a breath of fresh air in french and european politics.
3			use	sale			bellsouth closes sale of some assets bellsouth corp. said thursday it has completed the sale of some if its latin american assets and will use the proceeds to help pay for cingular wireless llc's 41 billion purchase of at wireless services inc.
2			player	team			will pruett come down on herd now? how many other teams can make news by finishing two a day practices with a bar fight not to mention one in which some thundering herd knucklehead maybe gives a ticket to the festivities to a player on a team they ll be playing next month?
1			election	development			boeing: pact battle not linked to vote boeing co. 's chief executive on monday said his call for washington to end a pact with europe on aircraft development funding was not aimed at garnering political support ahead of the us presidential election.
1			sale	election			olympics, elections boost us ad sales study the athens olympics and the us elections boosted total us advertising spending in the third quarter, leaving 2004 to date spending levels 10.3 above the year ago level, according to a study released monday.
2			cowboy	game	win	season			streaking giants lasso cowboys 26 10 the new york giants sure are going to enjoy their bye week. after all, five games into the season they've already matched last year's win total.
2			player	team			tenn. polynesians standing out on field tennessee's albert toeaina is one of the most recognizable players on the team, and that's before he puts on a skirt.
1			leader	palestinian	party	presidency	president			abbas gets boost in bid for palestinian presidency mahmoud abbas 's nomination for palestinian authority president received a boost from reports that a jailed fatah party leader, marwan barghouti, wouldn 't challenge his bid and had endorsed his candidacy.
4			patent	microsoft	file	technology			microsoft patent is preliminarily rejected, but company vows to ... in a preliminary ruling, the government rejected microsoft corp.s 1996 patent on technology for saving files on computers using easy to remember names.
4			speed			guinness recognises jet record the guinness book of records officially recognises the speed record set by nasa's x 43a hypersonic aircraft.
1			fighting	talk			talks amid food fight national foods, which is fighting off a $ 1.6 billion takeover bid by new zealand dairy giant fonterra, said yesterday it had been in talks with food ingredients group burns, philp and co during the past six months.
2			movie	game			blockbuster axing dreaded late fees blockbuster is doing away with the most dreaded part of renting movies and games: the late fee. the move comes as blockbuster battles lackluster demand.
4			arsenal	networking	technology	storage			products unveiled at storage networking show several storage suppliers are adding to their arsenal of products and technologies aimed at it managers dealing with the explosion of data storage at storage networking world in orlando this week.
4			leader	dead	technology			experts wonder: is telecom dead? cannes, france there was one question on the minds of technology leaders attending the etre conference in cannes on tuesday: 'is telecom dead?'
3			share			us blow for astrazeneca shares in astrazeneca tumbled today after a key drug it has developed in the fight against strokes was provisionally rejected by us regulators.
4			winner	technology	developer	use	application			feedster hosts develoment contest and launches blog search feedster hosts develoment contest and launches blog search feedster, the rss and blog search engine today announced the launch of its developer network and contest for best new applications and uses for its technology. ipods will be awarded to the winners for the best use of feedster in the following categories: ...
4			technology			new company launches google challenge google inc. has made its name on advanced search technology, but a company that launched thursday with what could prove to be a better idea is poised to be a potential headache for google as it battles against yahoo inc.
3			profit			ralph fires risk warning fear of public blame is making company boards more cautious and it could cost them profits, veteran business figure john ralph warned today.
2			nfl	league	football	player	game	sport			all madden, all the time electronic arts, the leading maker of sports video games, signed an exclusive five year contract with the national football league and the nfl players association, deals that will give the
2			team	season			nascar oks liquor sponsorships nascar returned to its roots wednesday by lifting a ban on liquor ads on cars, opening the door for teams to be sponsored next season by distilled spirits.
3			hit	profit	sale	share			sainsbury takes profit hit to boost sales sainsbury says it will take a 550 million pound hit to profits this year as it invests to boost sales and reverse falling market share.
2			war	game			nintendo, sony square off in handheld game market japan's nintendo co. ltd. struck the first blow in what is set to be an all out war with sony corp. for the lucrative handheld game console market, aggressively pricing its new dual screen model at $ 149.99 and setting its u.s. launch date for nov. 21.
4			user			court tosses verisign suit vs. overseers a federal judge on friday dismissed an antitrust complaint against a key internet oversight group brought by a company that controls directories for guiding internet users worldwide.
1			parliament			montenegro mps oppose plan to flood tara gorge the parliament of montenegro on tuesday opposed government plans to build a dam that would flood part of the tara river canyon, the deepest and longest canyon in europe.
4			software			corel corporation acquires jasc software corel corporation has expanded its software portfolio with the acquisition of jasc software, which produces the paint shop family of image editing and digital photography programs.
2			injury	game	cub			nl notables cubs shortstop nomar garciaparra sat out with a groin injury. he left saturday's game when he tweaked the groin.
2			marlin	cub	chicago	hurricane	game	sport			frances takes out sports events the florida marlins postponed sunday 's game against the chicago cubs as hurricane frances crept ashore on the eastern coast of florida.
2			play	tournament			rain threatens us open wash out heavy rain threatened to wash out day 10 of the us open on wednesday, although tournament officials were still hopeful of some play later.
1			tension	race			chase comes to florida with trio in hot pursuit a: one race to go, and the tension is so thick, noted outdoorsman ward burton could barely slice it with a big, scary hunting knife.
2			champion			honor gets frown from the kiwis new zealand is glad three of its athletes have been crowned olympic champions, but if they bring home their olive wreaths from athens, the wreaths risk going up in smoke.
4			system	microsoft	licensing			palmone in partnership with microsoft is this a joke or is it a misleading headline? the answer is neither. it 's for real. palmone, the handheld manufacturers as opposed to palmsource, the operating system company, signed a licensing agreement
2			auto	game			game review: new grand theft auto will pull you in like al pacino 's michael corleone says in godfather iii : just when i thought i was out, they pull me back in.
2			champion	season			f1 move to clear track debris jacques villeneuve is in line for a shock return to formula one with renault as temporary replacement for jarno trulli. the former world champion, dropped by bar last season, had a seat fitting
2			champion	fighting	sport			report: holyfield banned from boxing in us new york, ny sports network former undisputed heavyweight champion evander holyfield has been banned from fighting by the new york state athletic commission, according to published reports.
3			ipo	sale	stock			google ipo imminent the company asks federal regulators to approve the paperwork required for its stock sale. also: yahoo starts selling domain names hellip;. canadian officials investigate nortel networks hellip;. and more.
4			nasa	feature	application	project			feature: a new idea in air quality monitoring combining the assets of nasa and the epa with noaa's weather information is at the heart of a new nasa project called idea: infusing satellite data into environmental air quality applications. idea will improve forecasters' ability to track regional pollution and make air quality forecasts.
3			management			ebay reorganizes senior management ebay inc. announced a senior management reorganization thursday, increasing international responsibilities for three executives and underscoring the significance of the company's tremendously profitable paypal division.
4			text	technology			a new script for searching texts written by hand search technology for images may lead to a way to search handwritten manuscripts.
4			ibm	processor	software	networking			ibm launches industry consortium for power processors ibm has formed an industry consortium of 15 companies from the software, consumer electronics, automotive and networking industries to open up the process of building power processors.
4			processor	speed	technology	generation			sun unveils ultrasparc iv it will be sun's first chip to be built with a 90 nanometer process technology and it will have a higher clock speed and larger and more flexible memory caches than the current generation of ultrasparc iv processors.
3			expense	profit	sale	gain			google posts big gains google inc. reported thursday that sales and profit more than doubled in third quarter, despite an expense of more than $ 200 million, as the company issued its first quarterly financial report since going public.
4			project	development			court takes on question of seizing land the supreme court agreed tuesday to decide when governments may seize people's homes and businesses for economic development projects, a key question as cash strapped cities seek ways to generate tax revenue.
4			system	project			new irs accounting system, a year late, nears completion with the deployment of a new financial accounting system for the irs running a year late, officials involved with the project now say it will go live in october.
3			investor	fund			don 't bank on double digit returns from funds most investors envy jack r. meyer with his double digit returns over the past year, but even he says he will have trouble making much money in the years to come.
2			nfl	minnesota	receiver	play	night	career	game	sport			vikings wr moss to miss monday's game eden prarie, minnesota sports network minnesota vikings wide receiver randy moss will not play for the first time in his nfl career on monday night with a slight tear in his right hamstring.
3			good	investment			goings on down under things are looking up for national australia bank, which could be a good foreign investment.
2			stadium	championship			swiss chided for lack of euro 2008 stadium european soccer's governing body threatened to remove the 2008 european championships from hosts austria and switzerland, citing the swiss for failing to build a new stadium in zurich.
4			user	software			ca looks to move on after kumar's indictment even as sanjay kumar, the former ceo of computer associates, was indicted on accounting fraud charges and ca signed agreements with federal officials to avoid prosecution, some users said they're not giving up on the company's software.
4			system	application	content	developer			nokia woos operators, developers with preminet nokia unveiled a system for hosting, delivering and charging for entertainment and application content for mobile phones, at the cellular telecommunications and internet association 's ctia 's wireless it and entertainment conference on monday in san
3			trader	profit	gain	weakness			dollar inches up the dollar edged up against the euro on tuesday, expanding the previous day's gains as traders took stern words from european officials against the u.s. currency's weakness as a signal to take profits.
1			party	opposition			telstra, not government, to choose new chief opposition parties that currently control the senate have repeatedly blocked moves to fully privatize telstra, saying they fear it will lead to poor phone and internet services in australia 's vast outback, where maintaining telecommunications
4			software			eds extends opsware contract opsware, a data center automation software company, and eds renew a contract worth $ 50 million.
1			party			brillian blows it component problems meant brillian's new big screens missed the nfl's kickoff party.
1			election	president			mozambique votes to elect successor to chissano mozambicans began voting on wednesday in presidential and parliamentary elections focusing on who will succeed president joaquim chissano, stepping down after 18 years in office.
2			football	season			virginia opens acc vs. nemesis clemson after bolting to a 4 0 record and its highest ranking in five years against opponents with a collective 7 13 record, virginia begins its football season
2			ranger	team	season			sandy alomar jr the rangers signed sandy alomar to a one year contract. the ap reports that the team envisions alomar backing up rod barajas this season, meaning gerald laird will begin the year in the minors.
4			software	database	source			ca sets ingres database free computer associates international on monday kicked off its entry into open source software with the release of its ingres r3 database.
4			space	nasa	system	software	scientist			nasa software allows satellites to troubleshoot in space nasa scientists recently successfully radioed artificial intelligence ai software to a satellite. they tested the software's ability to find and analyze errors in the spacecraft's systems...
4			feature	source			vitual flowers this is cool. hotornot just added a new feature to send a virtual flower . for $ 2 or so you can send a flower to a girl who you haven't yet met. i love it! awesome! 16:44:01 metameta8080: dude, what a waste of money 16:44:15 metameta8080: virtual flowers are free 16:44:50 metameta8080: i will start an open source service for sending w3c compliant virtual flowers, which are licenced under the creative commons.
4			system	software	vendor	enterprise			vendors, operators strive for simplicity at ctia services and software to be introduced monday at the ctia wireless it entertainment trade show in san francisco are aimed at giving enterprises greater control over their mobile systems and extending mobile data capabilities to more employees.
2			season			maier says his season has not started yet as far as hermann maier is concerned, the alpine skiing season has yet to start.
3			sale	gain	share			intel clouded by back to school fears intel corp.'s upcoming mid quarter report will be closely watched for signs of weak back to school computer sales, though recent market share gains in memory chips could help offset any softness in computer microprocessor demand.
1			president			ovitz: eisner blocked plans for disney michael ovitz, walt disney co.'s former president, testified tuesday that he was undercut a number of times by disney chief executive michael eisner as he tried to expand the entertainment giant's business.
4			tool	user	software	file			computer scouring software rivals google tool the redmond, washington based software allows the user to quickly locate files on personal computers just like google 's two month old rival product.
2			champion	season			ailing henin hardenne done for season justine henin hardenne, the 2004 australian open and olympics champion, will miss the rest of the season because of a blood disorder.
4			system	software	management	relation			siebel to buy edocs for 115 million siebel systems inc., the largest maker of customer relations management software, friday said it agreed to acquire edocs inc., a closely held provider of electronic billing software, for 115 million.
2			korea	sport			renault to invest $ 573 million in korea seoul the chairman of the french automaker renault announced on tuesday that it would invest 600 billion won in its south korean operation, renault samsung motors, to develop a sports utility vehicle and engine production facilities.
4			hacker	software	technology			hacker cracks apple's music streaming technology the norwegian hacker famed for developing dvd encryption cracking software has apparently struck again this time breaking the locks on apple computer inc...
4			user			amstrad launches home videophone a videophone that lets home users see who they are talking to has been launched by amstrad.
4			upgrade	feature	microsystems			sun woos wall street with pricing, features before what appeared to be a receptive audience, sun microsystems inc. tuesday fired off a barrage of product promotions, upgrades and service announcements in an attempt to retake its traditional stronghold in the financial community here in new york.
2			medal	game	sport	title			around sports tyler hamilton 's title from the athens games is no longer a gold medal in the eyes of the world because of the cyclist 's failed drug test, the head of the world anti doping agency said thursday.
4			tool	microsoft	team	development			microsoft to show off team development tools ultimately, the package will compete with collaborative development tools from ibm's rational unit.
1			system	election			e vote critics urge changes to system with less than six weeks to go before the nov. 2 presidential election, voting activists said officials still have time to set up a paper trail as a counterweight to an e voting system they portrayed as wide open to manipulation.
2			race			arab media eye us race nowhere more so than in the middle east. the most watched news stations like al jazeera have given over their coverage
3			trader			dollar edges up, direction sought the dollar inched up on monday but traders struggled to find direction in a market devoid of economic data.
4			technology			motorola to trial m commerce enabled phones motorola inc. will conduct an m commerce field trial of mobile phones enabled with mastercard paypass and near field communications nfc technology, the company announced tuesday.
4			developer			the .net developer's guide to windows security site offer 10 off the hands on guide
4			system	infrastructure	technology			airbus tests in flight mobile phones european plane maker airbus sas has successfully completed the first in flight trial of mobile phones and infrastructure equipment based on gsm global system for mobile communications technology, the company said wednesday.
1			system	election			hong kong elections matter today residents of hong kong will go to the polls to participate in what remains of its fragmented and suppressed democratic system.
2			football	team	victory	player	high	game			conquering heroes today's players wouldn't recognize the game. in the 52 years since the concord high football team reeled off a state record 40 consecutive victories, only the winning may be comparable.
3			supply	sale			airbus sales to trounce boeing airbus is poised to thrash archrival boeing this year in the cut throat battle to supply the world 's airlines with commercial jets, the european manufacturer 's parent company said today.
2			coach			feeling relaxed not hartley 's style her coach calls it blythish. blythe hartley says it 's just the way she operates. whatever it is, it was working for the edmonton born diver yesterday in the preliminaries of the women 's three metre springboard event.
4			system			palmone ponders os options handheld computer maker palmone is considering moves that would take it beyond the operating system that helped make the company a household name.
2			good	united	game			nintendo game machine gets good us start the new portable video game machine from nintendo co. is selling briskly in both the united states and japan and the company is well on its way to reaching a target of selling 5 million units by april next year.
4			science	space	technology	use	moon			smart 1 's ion drive: from fiction to fact smart 1, the european space agency craft currently in orbit around the moon, makes use of a technology that was pure science fiction until the 1960s the ion drive.
1			top	election			expanding economy confirmed with the economy continuing to rank as a top factor in the upcoming election, the latest beige book confirms that economic activity continued to expand through early october.
4			system	app	switch			cisco helps smbs build app ready networks cisco systems inc. continued its push into the small and medium sized business market today with the announcement of new modular switches geared toward smbs.
4			application	software	spyware			spyware legislation to take effect jan. 1 some experts doubt whether the california law will have much impact on illegal spyware activity. by george v. hulme. a new california law aimed at curbing spyware, software applications that surreptitiously
4			switch			pace for wireless number switches quickens the number of u.s. wireless subscribers who are switching providers while keeping their telephone numbers is accelerating, the federal communications commission said on friday.
1			country	election			zimbabwe to bar observers from elections zimbabwe's government will prohibit african observers from monitoring national parliamentary elections next year if they have close links with western countries, an official said friday.
4			tool	software	application			apple puts edit tools in one basket bundle of professional video editing applications includes new motion special effects software.
4			system			olympus debuts modular digital photo system photographers can shoot, store and print digital photos without requiring a computer connection.
4			system	microsoft	source	code			man charged with selling windows source code months after launching a federal investigation, authorities yesterday arrested a connecticut man for selling the source code for microsoft 's windows nt 4.0 and windows 2000 operating systems over the internet.
3			sale			c w stokes fire sale network operator cable and wireless plc c w has agreed to sell its japanese business, cable wireless idc inc., to softbank corp. for 72.4 million us $ 133.3 million , the london based company announced tuesday.
4			use	development			colgate palmolive to cut 4,000 jobs description: colgate palmolive says it will cut more than 4,000 jobs and close a third of its factories worldwide. the company plans to use the savings for advertising and new product development.
2			soccer	team			former scotland goalkeeper brown dies at 73 bill brown, former goalkeeper of thescottish national soccer team, has died at the age of 73. brown, a member of tottenham hotspur 's 1961 double winning side,died at simcoe, ontario
1			election			australia election date set australians will vote on october 9 in an election pitting the conservative government against centre left labor, with national security and the economy as major issues.
1			leader	party	coalition			nationals eye greater party room power the national party leader in the senate says his party will have more influence now it has delivered the coalition a majority in the senate.
4			software	price			for oracle, price is finally right oracle corp. finally scooped up rival peoplesoft inc. after 18 months of legal and verbal strife, ending a feud with a $ 10.3 billion deal that promises to shake up the business software industry.
4			user	upgrade	management	application			peoplesoft offers incentives in a move to retain and attract new customers, peoplesoft has announced a new promotion that includes a free technical upgrade to all users, and a free first quarter of application management services following go live from peoplesoft global services.
4			january	microsoft	technology			microsoft 's new suit microsoft 's nasdaq: msft senderid technology may not be hitting it off with other technology companies, but the company 's continuing on the anti spam crusade that it started talking up back in january.
1			leader	leadership	party			eves, harper call for ontario conservative party to unite behind new leader toronto cp ontario progressive conservative members must unite behind whoever is chosen as their new leader, outgoing leader ernie eves and federal conservative leader stephen harper said as the party awaited the result of its leadership contest saturday.
4			worm	software			sasser writer gets a job the german teenager who wrote the sasser worm is being trained as a security software programmer and given a job. sven jaschan, 18, has been taken on by the securepoint computer outfit in northern germany.
3			good			pennsylvania turnpike toll free due to strike by workers the busiest travel weekend of the year is upon us and there will be no tolls on the pennsylvania turnpike. it 's not some good will gesture on the part of the state, it 's due to a strike called by toll collectors.
2			career	sport			pinsent calls time on golden career matthew pinsent, the four time olympic gold medallist, confirmed today that he is to retire from the sport as reported in the times yesterday.
3			shareholder	share			mitsubishi shareholders demand changes mitsubishi motors corp. shareholders approved a move wednesday enabling the scandal plagued japanese automaker to raise cash through a share offering, but demanded the company clean up its image and improve its product offerings to turn its lagging business around.
4			priority	hardware	core			for intel, the future has two cores with the economy slowly turning up, upgrading hardware has been on businesses radar in the past 12 months as their number two priority.
4			software	spyware			ftc filing targets malicious spyware spyware has come under target of the federal trade commission with a new complaint filed in federal court which is requesting that two internet based advertising and software firms be closed.
4			priority	hardware			voq smartphone arrives in us with the economy slowly turning up, upgrading hardware has been on businesses radar in the past 12 months as their number two priority.
4			heating	system			itsa miracle one would part with a talisman one of the first things we did after moving into our old house was to rip out the ancient radiators and put in a modern heating system.
1			minister			new blow for zimbabwe's moyo zimbabwe's controversial information minister looks set to be disappointed in his campaign to become an mp.
2			coach	football			ole miss tabs orgeron as head coach the university of mississippi introduced southern california assistant ed orgeron as its new head football coach during a thursday press conference.
4			microsoft	secret	technology	penalty			microsoft asks judge to suspend penalties microsoft has told a judge that the european commission must be stopped from ordering it to give up secret technology to competitors.
1			leader	project			googles library project makes books available online google inc., a web search services leader, will offer books and documents online from four universities and the new york public library.
3			investor	holding			google: now playboy's latest bunny investors in the company that's trying to come off as cute as a bunny could find themselves holding a fistful of vipers if the founders of google inc. continue to chart their erratic course.
3			export	earnings			china exports 73.4 mln cellphones in first seven months, doubling earnings china more than doubled its export earnings from cellphones, shipping 73.4 million handsets overseas in the first seven months of the year, state media reported.
2			player			yahoo buys musicmatch company hopes the $ 160 million purchase will make it a major player in the music market.
4			system			eds sets voluntary retirement offer electronic data systems on tuesday made a voluntary early retirement offer to about 9,200 u.s. employees as part of its plan to reduce 20,000 jobs over the next two years and will take a fourth quarter charge.
4			generation	system	increase	design	software	networking	development	price			in brief: cisco acquires startup bcn systems cisco systems has finalized an agreement to purchase privately held bcn systems, a provider of networking software design. under the terms of the agreement, cisco will pay approximately $ 34 million in cash for bcn. the price could increase by as much as $ 122 million if bcn meets certain development and product milestones. bcn's architecture will be incorporated across cisco's broad routing portfolio and will support cisco's delivery of next generation data, voice, and video services over a converged network.
2			coach	season			rossi in at atalanta atalanta have appointed delio rossi as their new coach after yesterdays sacking of andrea mandorlini. the former lecce boss has put pen to paper on a contract that will take him through to the end of the season.
4			war	high	technology			star wars phone plans like the one used in star wars could soon be installed on the high street. boffins in japan claim to have developed technology for image chambers similar
4			enterprise	system	single	software	high	project	source			jboss aims high with enterprise middleware system jboss inc. on monday plans to announce its jboss enterprise middleware system, which includes a number of open source projects the company plans to integrate into a single software offering.
2			player	match			sprint and nextel announce a $ 35 billion merger while the combined company makes a formidable no.3 player in the wireless market, it may be hard pressed to match the firepower of its larger rivals.
2			medal	sport			drugs in sport: olympic horse 's urine sample stolen part of the b sample of a show jumping horse that won ireland 's only gold medal at the athens olympics has been stolen, the international equestrian federation said yesterday.
2			content	sport			nokia preminet goes hollywood news: branded entertainment, life style and sports content will be available as part of nokia 's preminet solution, its new end to end mobile content distribution and transaction service for mobile network operators.
2			party	movie	sport			real danny deckchairs soar with just a seat and some balloons in the new movie i danny deckchair, i a truck driver ties party balloons to a chair and flies away. it's called cluster ballooning, and believe it or not, it's a real sport.
2			brian	football	sport			barwick is new fa chief executive brian barwick, the head of itv sport, was tonight facing the challenge of uniting the national sport behind him as he was announced as the football associations new chief executive.
2			franchise			civilization sold off to mystery buyer struggling publisher infogrames nets $ 22.3 million by hocking its powerhouse strategy franchise to an as yet unidentified company.
3			share	growth	system	sale	worry			cisco hurt on worries about sector 's recovery shares of cisco systems fell sharply wednesday after the company 's chief executive, john chambers, said sales growth would slow this quarter and that it was too early to say whether customers were more optimistic about the economy.
3			vendor	management	content	enterprise			ecm wares seize control of records creation, management under the shadow of government regulations it must comply with, a host of ecm enterprise content management vendors are blending previously stand alone rm records management capabilities into their cm and compliance recipes.
4			system	pas			travel agents fight nwa fees on air bookings travel agents, their trade association and at least one reservation system are challenging northwest airlines inc. 's plans to pass on a new fee to travel agents next week, a move that soured
2			game	classic			nintendo bets on new hand held machine video game pioneer nintendo co. is no stranger to success, boasting a string of classics ranging from donkey kong and super mario bros.
3			stock	share			cisco doles out 162 million stock options company's distribution includes 1.5 million shares for chief executive john chambers.
4			use	software	piracy			the sticky problem of software authenticity microsofts anti piracy campaign is getting down to the nitty gritty of sticky labels that affix to pcs and software packaging. the company revealed today its cracking down on the illegal use of certificates
4			mainframe	tool	ibm	software	access			business objects to bundle ibm tools the analytics and reporting software maker will begin selling ibm's mainframe access software.
4			lab	ibm	technology			ibm expands china research site in midmarket push ibm on thursday opened an expanded research center in china to bulk up its technology portfolio for midsize businesses worldwide. the smb innovation center was added to the company 's research lab in beijing
4			worm	software	version			bagle is still biting new versions of the bagle worm are rolling onto the internet, prompting antivirus companies to warn customers about the threat and to push out software updates to spot the new worms.
1			president			embattled disney head reportedly endorses successor michael eisner reportedly has told walt disney co. directors that company president robert iger is his preferred choice to succeed him as chief executive of the media
4			developer	processor	generation			gaps in intel itanium, xeon road maps during its bi annual developers forum in san francisco this week, the chipmaker focused on promoting its next generation itanium and xeon processors.
4			british	united	technology			u.k. to take tougher line on ultrawideband report for british regulator calls for wireless technology to be more strictly controlled than in united states.
2			nfl	league	football	team	score	player	stadium	game			madden nfl maker scores exclusive football deal video game publisher electronic arts on monday said it had signed an exclusive agreement with the national football league and the marketing arm of its players union, giving ea the sole rights to put nfl players, stadiums and teams in its games.
3			investment			nasd bars ex banker quattrone for life securities industry regulators barred former investment banker frank p. quattrone monday from ever working in the securities industry again.
4			software	networking	technology	investment	tokyo			cisco $ 12m tokyo research center the tokyo facility will open in february, 2005, representing an initial $ 12 million investment over the next five years to study internet protocol based networking technologies, including routers and cisco ios and ios xr software, says the company.
2			champion			date with destiny for collins the fate of american sprinter michelle collins, who has been charged with doping violations, will be decided next week. collins, last year 's world indoor 400metres champion, has been implicated in the balco
2			baseball			owners extend selig owners vote to extend bud selig's term as baseball commissioner for three years through 2009 in a unanimous vote thursday.
3			investor	listing	stock			nz stocks: down time listings hold some interest between results and annual meetings the nzx is keeping investors interested with a small flurry of listings over the week ahead.
4			broadband	technology			intel, clearwire to work on wimax together intel corp. will work with clearwire corp., a wireless internet service provider founded by cellular pioneer craig mccaw, on future networks based on wimax wireless broadband technology.
1			leader	politician	second	high	opposition			new finding in ukraine poisoning dutch experts who have been examining blood samples from viktor yushchenko, the ukrainian opposition leader, disclosed yesterday that the politician has staggeringly high levels of dioxin in his blood, the second highest ever recorded.
4			system			burgers for the health professional even as obesity and its consequences are increasingly taxing the health care system, fast food places are serving as hospital cafeterias.
4			speed			light based net may mean blazing connections if as einstein proclaimed nothing can travel faster than the speed of light, then a supercharged internet based entirely on light might be a great way to move mounting reams of digital data.
1			president			proud france inaugurates world's highest bridge president jacques chirac inaugurated the world's highest bridge tuesday, a creation taller than the eiffel tower, longer then the champs elysees and designed to end a traffic bottleneck in southern france.
1			play	party			wall street plays party host the republican national convention, which opens monday at madison square garden in midtown manhattan, is being bankrolled and feted to an extraordinary degree by the financial services behemoths that are concentrated at the island's southern tip.
2			baseball	game	series			total lunar eclipse to grace world series game 4 a unique date in the annals of baseball history will be recorded wednesday, oct. 27 when for the first time a total lunar eclipse will occur during a world series game.
3			investor			google faces challenge of public company status your name is synonymous with searching the internet, and you've just raised roughly 1.7 billion from investors by going public. what are you going to do now?
4			user	software	spyware			us gov targets spyware outfit a company which makes software that infiltrates users computers and demands $ 30 to be removed has been targeted by us authorities.
3			sale			whisky distiller put up for sale the company that makes the uk's best selling malt whisky is being put up for sale by its family owners.
2			tournament	team	top	win	season	coach			syracuse, off to a fast start, wins tournament the season may be young, but no. 6 syracuse has already made a statement. facing two top 25 teams in two nights in the coaches vs.
2			championship	season			sorenstam still not satisfied with her swing she has won seven times, claimed another major and went over the $ 2 million mark for the fourth consecutive season. but that doesn 't mean she came to the adt championship to relax.
1			leader	election			cameroon votes for leader cameroonians start to vote in presidential elections, marred by allegations of fraud and apathy.
3			investor	investment	profit	rating			samsung bullish on 2005 samsung electronics expects profit from mobile devices to pick up next year, despite a rating cut issued by an investment bank. during a presentation at the ubs investor conference in seoul, samsung
1			democrat	president	debate	bush			edwards cites layoffs during bush years democrat john edwards kept up a long distance debate over his two americas campaign theme with vice president dick cheney on tuesday, saying it was no illusion to thousands of laid off workers in ohio.
4			share	microsoft	team	protection	technology	access			cisco, microsoft team up on network access security under the effort announced today, the two will share apis and develop protocols to enable better interoperability between microsoft's network access protection technology and cisco's network admission control technology.
2			coach	high	sport			sport funding major boon to coaches the coaches of high performance athletes will benefit the most from the federal government 's announcement yesterday of how it will divide up $ 19.
4			buying	generation	enterprise	development	ship	application	version			ellison: oracle will ship peoplesoft 's next generation products san franciscooracle corp. will complete development and ship the next version of peoplesoft 's flagship enterprise applications even if it ultimately succeeds in buying out its competitor.
2			sport			the naked truth about pro sports, television the term throwing in the towel takes on new meaning this week, thanks again to televisions continuing creative contribution to sport.
4			software			oracle buys peoplesoft for 10.3 billion dollars oracle sealed a deal to buy rival business software firm peoplesoft for 10.3 billion dollars after a bitter 18 month battle, the two firms announced.
4			run	retailer	technology			hp will power 5,300 7 elevens hp technology helps us to differentiate ourselves from other retailers in the way we run our stores, select and distribute products, work with suppliers, serve customers and communicate
4			processor	desktop	amd	feature	technology			amd improved opterons with powernow feature amd 's opteron processors will soon be able to take advantage of the same powermanagement technology the company has already built into its desktop and laptop processors.
2			champion			usoc rejects call for hamm to return gold us olympic officials friday rejected as deplorable a suggestion by the international gymnastics federation that mens all around individual champion paul hamm
2			player	match	playoff	season			middle ground for cancela jose pepe cancela was among the key attacking players for the revolution last season. but cancela has performed only briefly in the last five matches as the revolution have struggled to a 1 3 1 record and are on the brink of elimination from mls playoff contention.
4			magic	technology			ex netscreen ceo joins start up the former ceo of netscreen technologies has moved on to a new upstart. can he make the same magic work again?
2			coach	football	season			gilbertson to step down after the season university of washington head football coach keith gilbertson will step down at the end of the 2004 season.
3			good			my blog as a time machine i'm starting to realize that my blog is a bit of a time machine. for example i can create a blog entry to warn myself about something that will happen in the future. my current ntp blog entry is a good example. i wrote this for myself as much as for the people who read my blog or find me via google . i know for sure that ntp on debian is going to bite me sometime in the future and i'm going to forget why. then i'm going to of course go to google or my aggregator and search for ntp and then find my blog post. i've done this about a dozen times now and its saved me a ton of time!
4			design	software	piracy	developer			autodesk: piracy in india costs us 367m american design software developer autodesk inc. said tuesday it is losing 367 million in potential revenues each year because of software piracy in india.
4			system	hit	software	game	cell			mosquito software bites smart phones a possible trojan horse hidden in an illegal cell phone game hits smart phones using the symbian operating system.
4			development	player	technology	storage			hitachi and intel join on mobile phone drives hitachi global storage technologies inc. hgst and intel corp. are pushing the development of an interface technology that they hope will smooth the adoption of compact hard disk drives hdds into mobile phones, personal digital assistants pdas and digital music players, the companies said on friday.
4			desktop	tool			will google say hello to im? google watchers abuzz about the search darling 's new desktop tool are already betting on its next product: instant chat. such speculation isn 't new, but it 's gained legs as some intriguing facts have come to light this week.
4			server			bugmenot gets booted, restored the site that helps people evade registration roadblocks on websites couldn't evade trouble itself. its server host, perhaps bowing to pressure, pulled the plug last week. but a new host is found and bugmenot is back up. by rachel metz.
4			integration	system			nokia makes inroads into land rover nokia has created communication system that integrates mobile phone functions with the on board system in land rover vehicles. the product dubbed, personal telephone integration, was developed specifically
4			fund	software			oracle's peoplesoft bid deadline nears oracle corp. on friday won the backing of two more key public pension funds in its 8.8 billion hostile bid for peoplesoft inc. as the 17 month takeover battle between the two california based business software makers neared a key deadline.
4			platform	mainframe	series	ibm	technology	investment	computing			ibm renews vows to mainframe ibm shored up commitment to its mainframe computing platform thursday with a series of new technologies, investments in emerging markets, new industry focused solutions, and new partnerships.
4			patent	microsoft	infringement	technology			microsoft to judges: eolas didn 't invent patented tech an appeals court should throw out a half billion dollar patent infringement judgment against microsoft because a lower court failed to recognize that the web browsing patent was based on a technology that was not invented by the company awarded the money
4			worm	virus	software			microsoft's blast from the past a year after the msblast worm, the software giant releases sp2 for windows xp. would it have stopped the fast spreading virus?
4			system			u.k. group complains of higher itunes cost a consumer's group said wednesday it has complained to government regulators about the cost of downloading music from apple's itunes system.
2			game	detroit			game day preview game time: 6:00 pm the detroit shock face a critical road test saturday when they take on the charlotte sting at charlotte coliseum.
4			project	source			jboss unveils workflow engine com. open source company jboss inc. on monday introduced a workflow engine that broadens the company 's middleware stack. jbpm 2.0 was developed with the open source project of the same name and joins
3			stock			stocks open near unchanged after gdp data u.s. stocks opened little changed on friday, after third quarter gross domestic product data showed the u.s. economy grew at a slower than expected pace.
4			lab			running they do not approach their subjects wearing lab coats to indicate a they work behind the clinique counter at saks, or b they test for drug cheats at the olympics.
2			champion			mayorga misses rape case hearing former champion ricardo mayorga missed a rape case hearing because he is training for a bout in new york, and a new hearing was set for oct. 6. mayorga was to appear wednesday for an initial hearing following a complaint by a 22 year old woman.
3			shareholder			hogwarts and all for scholastic 's q1 shareholders of scholastic nyse: schl , the world 's largest publisher of children 's books and related educational materials, have grown accustomed to disappointing first quarter results.
4			cell	switch			survey says: cell phones left out telephone surveys are the meat and potatoes of political polling groups. but as more americans switch from land lines to cell phones, a growing segment of the population may be left out of the equation. by daniel terdiman.
1			party	coalition	president			political blow for brazil's lula brazil's president luiz inacio da silva is weakened as two parties withdraw from his governing coalition.
4			application	feature			webex, genesys enhance conferencing services two web conferencing service providers, webex and genesys conferencing, separately are updating their applications to offer more features.
3			earnings	profit	sale	holding			net nearly doubles, helped by stronger results at hutchison hong kong cheung kong holdings , the holding company of the billionaire li ka shing, said thursday that first half profit almost doubled, spurred by higher earnings from its hutchison whampoa unit and a surge in property sales.
4			processor	generation	desktop	technology	core	version			via's upcoming processor to be called c7 via technologies inc.'s next generation of desktop microprocessors, based on the esther processor core, will be called c7, the company said thursday. mobile versions of the chip will be called c7 m.
2			trophy	victory	championship	season			sorenstam ends the year with another trophy despite 33 victories in the last four years, annika sorenstam keeps saying that winning is not as easy as she makes it look. not many could argue with her at the season ending adt championship.
2			medal	triumph	sport			chinese athletes cash in on gold how much is an olympic gold medal worth? for china's newest sports stars, fresh from triumph in athens and idolized by a sports crazy public, the country's ongoing rush to capitalism means they can cash in like never before.
2			team	game	country			illini could be the 1 illinois, off to a 7 0 start entering thursday's game against georgetown, felt all along it was the best team in the country.
4			nation	team	researcher	technology	rate			arctic ice cap warming at twice the global rate: technology india: london, nov 3: a new study conducted by an international team of 300 researchers from the arctic council, which is comprised of the eight nations including the us with arctic territories suggests that the northern ice cap is warming at
3			sale			pulitzer hired banker to explore sale newspaper publisher pulitzer inc. confirmed on sunday it hired a financial adviser to help it explore strategic options, including a possible sale of the company.
4			code	project	source			open source programmer rebuts charge back and forth dance characterizes dispute over code released to open source mambo project.
2			beat	victory	sport			us beats drug cheats usa track and field chief executive officer craig masback today declared victory over dope cheats. at the group 's annual meeting, he said our clean athletes took the sport back from the cheaters .
4			piracy	software	microsoft	technology			france's thomson moves into anti piracy software french technology firm thomson on monday said it would join microsoft corp. and time warner inc. in a venture to buy u.s. based anti piracy software maker contentguard, a move that could defuse objections by european regulators.
4			software	source	switch			paris govt. offices slowly switching to open source software local government offices in the french capital will be moving to open source software, but they ll be doing it slowly. an independent study showed that a switch to open source would cause significant
4			software			oracle seals $ 10bn peoplesoft bid peoplesoft agrees a $ 10.3bn takeover bid from rival business software firm oracle, after an 18 month corporate battle.
3			share			msn music vs itunes news: it isn 't much, but it 's all there is for the corporate e music community anyway. real world music lovers swap and share music online in their billions quite literally as they wait for
1			leader	parliament	president	election			namibians go to the polls namibians voted monday to choose a successor to the only leader they have ever known, and election officials said the first of two days of voting for the president and parliament started smoothly.
4			software			justice dept. won't appeal oracle ruling the justice department said friday it will stop trying to block oracle corp.'s hostile 7.7 billion takeover bid for rival business software maker peoplesoft inc.
4			microsoft	pack	technology	developer			microsoft rolls out embedded windows xp hoping to whet the appetite of developers specializing in mobile and embedded devices, microsoft on monday made available a free technology preview of windows xp embedded containing service pack 2 sp2 that it expects to deliver by year's end.
3			sale			jd power reportedly exploring sale jd power associates, the research firm best known for its surveys of cars and other consumer products, has hired a firm to explore options that could include selling the privately held company, according to newspaper reports.
3			growth			china 's economic boom slows down china 's economic growth has slowed for a third straight quarter as efforts by the government to rein in booming expansion continue to take hold.
4			platform	microsoft			i want my msft tv microsoft quote, chart showed off its interactive television platform in amsterdam at ibc2004, an international conference devoted to the broadcasting industry.
3			strength	earnings			google's earnings more than double web search provider google inc., posting its first financial results as a public company, yesterday said its third quarter earnings and revenues both more than doubled from a year ago on the strength of an online advertising boom that continues to gather steam.
3			sale	stock			wall street week ahead: data may surprise holiday sales data and a jobs report this week will provide the first glimpse of the economy's health going into 2005, and could give another boost to the end of year stock rally, analysts said.
4			guidant	technology			j j deal with guidant in the offing the prospect of johnson johnson acquiring guidant, a medical device maker that brought cutting edge technology to cardiovascular medicine, has fueled whispers for years, gaining intensity when
4			system	ship	microsoft	version			microsoft sets 2006 target for next windows version microsoft corp. said on friday it will ship the next version of windows in 2006, but scaled back plans to include a new system for finding and storing information in its flagship operating system.
3			stock	share			bayer leads europe stocks higher european shares edged higher at monday 's opening led by germany 's bayer on news of an alliance with us healthcare giant schering plough.
2			basketball	drink	detroit	brawl	player	fan	sport			bonham and hinchey: fans and players alike should embrace civility last week 's basketball brawl in detroit, triggered by an on court fight that spilled into the stands when a fan tossed a drink, has set the sports world buzzing.
3			leader	good			oracle peoplesoft battle is good for sap, exec says cannes, france regardless of whether oracle corp. succeeds in its hostile takeover bid for peoplesoft inc., market leader sap ag will be the one to reap the benefits, an executive for the german company said on sunday.
2			premiership	game	saint	season			saints behaviour unacceptable: barnwell southampton have been told it was unacceptable they parted company with manager paul sturrock after just two games into the barclays premiership season.
2			ncaa	reform	president	sport			notes: ncaa 's brand wants fiscal responsibility with a package of academic reforms in place, the ncaa 's next crusade will address what its president calls a dangerous drift toward professionalism and sports entertainment.
3			share			oracle talked of lowering peoplesoft bid oracle corp. chief executive larry ellison said on friday his company has talked about revising its current 21 per share offer to buy rival peoplesoft inc. , although it has focused more on lowering the bid instead of raising it.
1			corruption	party			critics debunk china 's communist party 's plan to build up its ... beijing: china 's ruling communist party has issued a lengthy policy paper on way to reverse its waning popular support, citing corruption and hostile forces as issues that could end its 55 year grip on power.
4			system	management			cisco buys it management start up cisco systems signed an agreement on wednesday to acquire network management start up jahi networks for $ 16 million. jahi, a san jose, calif.
3			user	profit			national cyber security alliance names october as national cyber ... the national cyber security alliance ncsa , a not for profit, public private partnership focused on driving awareness and promoting education of cyber security within home user, small business, and education audiences, today announced october as national
1			leader	election	victory	opposition			pressure grows on romanian left to give up power romania's centrist opposition, buoyed by a presidential election victory of their leader traian basescu, put pressure on the ruling left on wednesday to abandon its bid to cling to power or face early elections.
4			software			oracle at impasse with peoplesoft oracle said that it was at an impasse with peoplesoft inc., signaling that the two software makers will wage a proxy battle.
4			use	vendor	technology	generation			analyst sees cingular awarding deal soon prudential equity group on friday said cingular wireless has made a decision on which vendors it will use for the deployment of its next generation wireless network, with ericsson and lucent technologies inc. likely the biggest beneficiaries.
2			player	war			hd dvd format war looms there 's a reason progressive scan dvd players are selling for as little as $ 29 these days. they are about to be replaced by something better and, of course, more expensive.
3			lab	sale			edwards calls for crackdown on meth labs democratic vice presidential nominee john edwards called monday for tighter restrictions on the sale of nonprescription cold medicines that could be used to make methamphetamine.
3			sale			jaguar confirms cut in production the ford owned carmaker is to cut production at its three uk plants by 11 because of poor sales in the us.
4			use	graphic	technology			weather gets 3d gaming makeover bbc weather is to use 3d gaming graphics technology to make its bulletins more realistic and accurate.
4			software	standard	management			wavelink unveils integrated wireless management, security software wavelink managed security allows a company to centrally deploy wpa client software and policies across multiple devices and supports a range of major authentication standards.
4			microsoft	system	virus	technology	conflict	project			hp puts choke hold on virus throttling product after unveiling cutting edge technology for choking off the spread of viruses in march, hewlett packard co. hp is quietly shelving the project, citing conflicts with microsoft corp.'s windows operating system, a company executive said.
4			team	technology			tata signs it deal with ferrari tata consultancy services of india has signed a deal to provide information technology to famous italian formula one racing team ferrari.
4			user	low	feature	mail	technology			intellisync to give push e mail capability for low cost phones the wireless airwaves may get a bit more crowded next year following the announcement that intellisync's goanywhere technology, unveiled this week, will give users of low cost feature phones the same push e mail capability that is now only available on pricier smart phones.
2			game			dual screens give gamers new options nintendo's new ds handheld gamer is not supposed to replace the game boy advance; the idea is to carve out a whole new market.
2			player			dial up has new meaning with ne america online is joining a growing number of players beyond traditional phone companies rolling out or testing phone calls over the internet.
4			outsourcing	technology	morgan			big it deals apparently losing shine an early end to international business machines corp. 's contract with jp morgan chase co. reveals how mega information technology outsourcing deals are falling out of favor, with both it services companies and their customers.
2			movie	game	sport	finance			yahoo announces media head former abc chairman braun former abc chairman braun yahoo today hired former abc television network chairman lloyd braun as head of yahoo media and entertainment. lloyd braun will be overseeing yahoo movies, tv, entertainment, music, games, finance, news, weather, sports, health and children channels. bloomberg reports that braun left walt ...
2			season			cc 's season likely over com. what more could the young left hander do? he had just found out that his 2004 season might be over because of a left hamstring strain.
4			system	ibm	software	vendor	application			ibm expands isv programs ibm is expanding the number of third part companies that can tap into its isv partner support programs. an automated application system makes it easier for application software vendors to take
4			upgrade			new zealand 3g network launched the t3g upgrade of telecom 's nationwide mobile network cost 40 million new zealand dollars us $ 28 million and took about four months to build, the company says.
2			play			services help social networks get connected two new web services launched last week that aim to help people tap their friends for tips about where to eat, shop and play. on thursday, the event planning service evite
4			system	microsoft	management	patch			microsoft 's windows update services looms on the horizon patch management is a particularly expensive burden for microsoft windows based systems. while solution providers have profited from the services associated with installing patches, many businesses are starting
2			coach	football	kick			memo to florida: call spurrier here 's an obvious word of advice to florida athletic director jeremy foley as he kicks off another search for the gators football coach: get steve spurrier on board.
1			leader	party			kenyan ex ruling party says sorry uhuru kenyatta, leader of kenya's former ruling party, apologises for mistakes made over the past 40 years.
4			platform	system	ibm	software	vendor	code	player	application	source			ibm donates voice code to apache ibm quote, chart is donating software for speech enabled applications to the open source community, a move supported by more than 20 speech vendors and platform companies, including communications systems player avaya quote, chart .
3			share			hollinger deal with conrad black hollinger international has reached a deal with its ousted chairman, conrad black, that would allow the media tycoon to share in the proceeds of the $ 1.
3			shareholder			abbey national shareholders ok takeover shareholders in abbey national plc voted overwhelmingly thursday to approve the bank 's acquisition by santander central hispano of spain.
2			game			battle of the big games halo 2 for the xbox shoots first, but for pc gamers, half life 2 is locked and loaded.
2			microsoft	game	sport			microsoft sets holiday xbox bundle microsoft announced a new holiday xbox package that essentially gives buyers two free sports games and a trial subscription to the xbox live online gaming service.
2			play			study: adolescence affects breast cancer the way a girl grows during adolescence and even in the womb may play an important, if murky, role in her risk of breast cancer later in life, a study suggests. the study of 117,000 women in denmark found that those who were chubby at birth but tall and lean at 14 were more likely to develop the disease...
3			good	shareholder	price			shareholders the losers, report charges when hollinger international bosses conrad black and david radler were selling the company 's canadian newspapers including the national post our years ago, they put more effort into lining their own pockets than getting a good price for the papers
2			injury	score	offense	coach	game			injuries, inexperience plaguing niners only a truly dismal defensive effort could distract a coach from an offense that went seven quarters without a score in the last two games.
4			technology	second			lucent technologies cuts benefits for more retirees for the second time in a year, telecommunications equipment maker lucent technologies inc. is reducing benefits promised to retirees.
1			election			early voting begins at eight locations forget those flashbacks of hanging, dimpled or pregnant chads from the 2000 presidential election debacle that plagued palm beach county voters.
1			relation			worldwide pants: trade flap between us and china beijing this weekend urged washington, dc, not to limit imports of chinese cotton slacks. the ministry of commerce said such a restriction would violate world trade organization principles and hurt trade relations.
4			microsoft	technology	server	beta	version			microsoft preps previews of sql server 2005 microsoft corp. on friday said it will release previews of the next version of sql server leading up to the release of the next beta of the technology, expected in the first quarter of next year.
1			leader	plot			n.korea says kim portrait reports a 'u.s. plot' reports that portraits of north korean leader kim jong il had been removed were a u.s. plot to overthrow the government and a groundless fabrication, xinhua news agency quoted a north korean official on friday as saying.
4			share	app	java	system	software	server	application			sun readies java app servers company is testing java system application server 8 and hoping that it'll boost the company's share of the java server software market.
2			season	good	score			sonics 79, nets 68 in terms of their inability to score, the nets are turning back the clock this season, which is not necessarily a good thing. nor is it aesthetically pleasing.
2			championship			triathlete out 2 years nina kraft is banned for two years by the german triathlon union on monday after admitting taking a performance enhancing drug epo before the 2004 ironman triathlon world championship.
2			murder	sport	james			younger brother of tv personality allegedly killed by boxer james the harlem hammer butler pleaded not guilty friday to the murder of freelance sportswriter sam kellerman, the younger brother of fox sports net's television host max kellerman.
4			system	version			new palm system targets smart phones palmsource inc. has finally answered the smart phone call. the maker of palm operating systems for handheld computers plans to introduce tuesday its first version designed specifically for so called smart phones.
2			game	top	england	season			key new england games northeastern 3 3 vs. maine 3 3 when, where: tomorrow, 2 p.m., at orono, maine. radio: wjib am 740 . last season: northeastern won, 20 14. comments: northeastern 2 1 in conference is looking to keep its lead at the top of the atlantic 10 north division. last week, the huskies suffered a 41 14 loss to harvard. qb shawn brady is 86 of 137 for 1,271 ...
4			microsoft	software	technology	glitch	source			apache glitch for microsoft backed anti spam technology the open source apache software foundation asf is refusing to adopt technology promising to curtail the rising tide of spam, citing restrictions with microsoft corp.
1			president			clinton: ex president inaugurates china backed internet search ... former president bill clinton helped launch a new internet search firm that claims better results for its engine than google nasdaq: goog news people . the firm is called accoona, from the swahili phrase
4			measure	talk	mail	technology			ownership of anti spam measure queried at talks internet companies have begun to change the way e mail works in order to weed out spam, but experts on tuesday clashed over whether the underlying technology should be controlled by any one company.
4			hardware	storage			storage hardware thomson to support both hd dvd and blu ray thomson 's technicolor subsidiary will provide duplication services for both hd dvd and blu ray formats, based on customer preference, the company says.
3			share	sale	price			peoplesoft board won 't negotiate takeover with oracle peoplesoft inc. won 't discuss a sale to oracle corp. for a price of $ 24 per share, the company 's board of directors told oracle ceo larry ellison in a letter on saturday.
4			enterprise	alternative	software	source			sdforum: open source becoming first option santa clara, calif. enterprises that in the past may have been leery of open source alternatives to commercial software have opened up to the concept, panelists said here tuesday at an sdforum conference entitled open source entering the mainstream.
1			debate	democrat	pledge	election			house blocks court on pledge case rulings the house passed legislation thursday that would prevent the supreme court from ruling on whether the words under god should be stricken from the pledge of allegiance. in a politically and emotionally charged debate, democrats said majority republicans in the chamber were debasing the constitution in order to force a vote that could hurt democrats in the election...
2			player	team	football			western illinois football players charged in burglary, suspended two western illinois football players were suspended from the team wednesday after being charged in a weekend burglary. defensive back william penn and defensive lineman michael black were each charged with
3			holding			agreement offers flexibility and cash to bankrupt airline ata holdings, the bankrupt parent of ata airlines, took a key step thursday toward salvaging more of its struggling operations.
3			good			gucci brand 's head abruptly dismissed paris gucci group, the italian luxury goods company, said wednesday that it had dismissed giacomo santucci as chief executive of its gucci brand business.
1			talk			merger 's effect on spectrasite likely not a major negative spectrasite isn 't in the room, but the cary company could have much at stake in the merger talks between nextel and sprint. the two mobile phone companies are discussing a
4			project			repairs on big dig not all that big, firm insists the company overseeing the construction of the beleaguered big dig said yesterday that repairs to fix widespread leaks would take months, not years, and denounced public officials for rushing to judgment on the $ 14.6 billion project.
2			coach	run	football			meyer says he 's headed for florida salt lake city urban meyer confirms he 's leaving undefeated utah to become the head football coach at florida. meyer said that at florida everything is in place to make a run at the whole thing, and that was a factor in his decision.
4			infrastructure	priority	identity	enterprise	database	project			ca sets ingres database free com november 1, 2004, 8:03 am pt. this fourth priority 's main focus has been enterprise directories as organizations spawn projects around identity infrastructure.
4			retailer	technology			google launches amazon style book search business frankfurt: google inc has quietly launched a new search technology to help publishers sell books online, a fast growing market dominated by online retailer amazon.
2			champion	medal	round	sport			hamm defends gold medal in court olympic gymnastics champion paul hamm has appeared before the court of arbitration for sport in lausanne in a bid to retain the gold medal he won in the mens all round competition in athens.
2			football			football: diouf on spitting charge the fa charges bolton's el hadji diouf with improper conduct after he spat at portsmouth's arjan de zeeuw.
4			app	java	vendor	standard	application			nokia, vodafone launch java app simplification drive wireless equipment vendor nokia and wireless operator vodafone said thursday that they are launching an initiative to simplify standards for developing mobile java applications.
3			value	management			krispy kreme's fair value: zero when a company's management wastes free cash to cover up for previous mistakes, look out.
4			percent	technology	development			iomega backs away from dct, cuts jobs iomega corp. will cut its workforce by 25 percent and end development of its dct digital capture technology product line in a restructuring aimed at cutting costs and returning to profitability, the company announced thursday.
4			general	system			update 3 ge to buy spx fire detection unit for $ 1.4 bln general electric co. ge.n: quote, profile, research on monday said it would buy a fire detection systems business from spx corp.
1			regime	finance			vivendi tax credit deal amounts to jobs in france vivendi universal will create 2,100 jobs over five years as part of a deal agreed with the french government allowing the french media and communications group to book tax credits under a new regime, the finance ministry said thursday
4			user	mac	networking			apple's mac os x update brings word of firewire problems some users have said that after updating to mac os x panther 10.3.6, their computers no longer recognize external firewire 400 hard drives. others report no such problems with the update, which includes networking optimizations and fixes for video and font glitches.
2			game	season			sorry homecomings navy has lost its last five homecoming games, including a 21 17 loss to division i aa delaware last season.
4			technology	win			nortel wins us $ 5m contract for bt 10,000 worker virtual call ... bt group plc has awarded a contract worth $ 5 million us to nortel networks for voice over internet technology designed to link almost 10,000 agents into a so called virtual contact centre.
4			system	fan	server			now you can... record all tv shows for a whole week tv fans who are planning to go to japan for their next holiday should put this nifty gadget on their shopping list. japan 's sony corporation will begin selling a computer and home server system in japan with
4			speed	crm	software			analyst: crm mergers and acquisitions picking up most industry observers agree that the crm software market is picking up speed this year and will continue to do so next year. and most also agree that venture capitalists have been waiting for several years to make their next moves regarding the startups they have backed through the thin years.
4			use	tool	scientist			monkeys use tools to forage wild capuchin monkeys can understand cause and effect well enough to use rocks to dig for food, scientists have found. capuchin monkeys often use tools and solve problems in captivity and sometimes
2			sport	colorado			ebersols released from colorado hospital nbc sports executive dick ebersol and his son were released from the hospital on monday, a week after an executive jet crash that killed three people, including ebersol's youngest son.
2			career	player	game	championship			time to step to the fore the university of connecticut is still not sure what life will be like without diana taurasi, the two time national player of the year who led the huskies to three straight national championships. taurasi, who was the no. 1 draft pick in the wnba last spring phoenix mercury , lost only eight games in her four year career.
3			management	airway			us air flight attendants ready for strike flight attendants at bankrupt us airways group inc. have authorized their union to call a strike should a federal court allow airline management to void their contract, the association of flight attendants said on monday.
4			lab	email	technology	software	file	mail	developer			yahoo acquires email search developer stata labs yahoo acquires email search developer stata labs yahoo announced on thursday it has acquired privately held e mail search company stata labs, opening up a new email and attachment file search market for yahoo search technology and overture search advertising. stata labs is the company behind its flagship software product bloomba, which ...
2			president	bottom	sport			molson indy vancouver gets black flag the bottom line is the business model couldn 't work, said jo ann mcarthur, president of sponsoring molson sports and entertainment.
2			basketball	point	play	win	high	game			college basketball: kentucky, virginia win kelenna azubuike poured in a game high 21 points, shagari alleyne added 11 points and kentucky rolled past morehead state, 71 40, in non conference play at rupp arena.
4			cell			nextel, verizon settling disputes nextel communications inc. and verizon wireless are settling their legal disputes, removing a key challenge to a federal decision to clear up interference between cell phones and emergency response radios.
3			stock			stocks to watch on friday, september 3 intel corp. :
4			system	software	human	enterprise			postal service seals big sap deal enterprise software maker gets stamp of approval to replace letter carrier's 700,000 employee human resources system.
2			speed	minnesota	receiver	play	sport			moss has slight tear in hamstring eden prairie, minn. sports network minnesota vikings wide receiver randy moss will not play at full speed for a few weeks after an mri thursday revealed a slight tear in his injured right hamstring.
4			software	patch	computing			thin client desktops: not defunct yet thin client computing has been around for a decade, but the rising costs of updating software and installing security patches on networked personal computers is sparking renewed interest
3			strength	profit	gain	earnings			update 1: humana reports sharply higher 3q profit humana inc. reported sharply higher third quarter earnings monday on the strength of broad gains in the health benefit company 's commercial and government business.
4			high	speed	technology			wireless venture has intel onboard hoping to accelerate the deployment of a new wireless technology, intel announced monday it 's invested in a venture started by billionaire craig mccaw to deliver high speed internet service over the airwaves.
1			talk			iran acknowledges talks on renewed nuclear freeze iran's chief nuclear negotiator acknowledged on wednesday that tehran was in talks to renew its freeze of some sensitive nuclear activities.
1			president			redefining the role of academic research charles m. vest, who will be stepping down next month as the president of mit, personifies his school's famed ''engineering mentality. simply put, this is the inclination to find a problem and fix it.
4			microsystems	microsoft	collaboration	sharing	talk	vendor	technology	cooperation			microsoft, sun to talk about cooperation microsoft and sun microsystems on december 1 will deliver a joint update on their collaborations pursuant to an april 2004 technology sharing agreement to boost interoperability between the two vendors products, according to a microsoft representative on wednesday.
3			growth			the return of the venture capitalists four years after the internet bubble burst, the venture capital industry is showing signs of growth.
4			generation			how millionaires are born there's hope for the next generation when teens begin investing their money.
1			president			trump casinos: decide on debt deal soon donald trump 's casino company expects to decided in the next couple of weeks whether it can reach a new debt restructuring deal with bond holders, sell assets or whether trump will take the company private, executive vice president
4			collaboration	microsoft	feature			microsoft hones sharepoint update the first major revamp of the collaboration package includes overhauled support, search and update features.
3			profit			corrected: bristol myers profit sinks bristol myers squibb co. on friday reported a lower third quarter profit as u.s. revenue fell amid intense competition for its products from rivals and generic drugs.
4			general	team	technology	fuel			daimlerchrysler, gm team on hybrids daimlerchrysler and general motors will jointly develop new hybrid motors to compete against japanese rivals on the fuel saving technology that reduces harmful emissions, the companies said monday.
2			coach			hubie meets press; no details on health hubie brown appeared at a news conference friday but did not elaborate on the health issues that led to his retirement as coach of the memphis grizzlies.
4			platform	speed	enterprise	tool	development	application			macromedia delivers flex builder macromedia promises to speed development of internet applications with a new tool for its flex platform. with flex, enterprises can add interfaces to strategic applications, including visual
1			election			beijing accused of meddling in hk elections hong kong media and a rights group accused beijing on thursday of meddling in a weekend election, saying its publicity about a pro democracy candidate jailed for hiring a prostitute was timed to influence the result.
4			ibm	talk	technology	source			lenovo confirms acquisition talks china's largest personal computer maker, lenovo group ltd., said on tuesday it was in acquisition talks with a major technology company, which a source familiar with the situation said was ibm.
3			sale	stock			peoplesoft threatens oracle with suit peoplesoft's chief executive on thursday said oracle was spreading misleading information about his stock sales and he threatened to sue for defamation on the eve of the expiration of oracle's 8.8 billion hostile tender offer.
2			nba	game			banned for having weapon milwaukee bucks forward marcus fizer was suspended for one game without pay by the nba today after pleading guilty to unlawful possession of a weapon.
1			party			asian political parties meeting issues joint statement the third international conference of asian political parties icapp closed in beijing on sunday after issuing a joint declaration.
2			play	final	game			bittersweet day in montreal as expos officially play final home game montreal cp it's finally official. the montreal expos are moving on.
4			microsoft	system	server	ship	version			another bump in microsoft 's windows roadmap microsoft corp has re stated plans to ship an updated version of windows server 2003 next year, but removed a major security component from the planned operating system.
3			chain			drug store offers new wave of disposable cameras new york pharmacy chain cvs corp. on thursday said it would offer the world 's first disposable digital camera with a bright color viewing screen that allows consumers to instantly preview pictures.
4			standard			dual dvd, hd dvd disc developed new disc could ease the transition to the next gen dvd standard, company says.
4			region	president	technology			maryland's technology future julie coons, the president of the technology council of maryland, discusses the organization and the region's technology community.
4			desktop	tool	investment	technology			yahoo desktop search will be a reality yahoos ceo terry semel told an investment conference yesterday that yahoo too would be putting out a desktop search tool for searching computer desktops and harddrives using the backbone of yahoo search technology.
4			system	microsoft	management	enterprise			microsoft puts new life into its systems management a host of new products are designed to work and compete with leading enterprise management products, the company says. by darrell dunn.
2			coach	morning	team	wizard			for jordan, future is looking bright eddie jordan checked out of the hospital yesterday. he ended up there after washington wizards trainers examined his swollen left calf on thanksgiving morning and immediately recommended that the team 's head coach see a physician.
2			game			ex palm ceo yankowski to head majesco carl yankowski replaces jesse sutton as ceo of the game publisher.
3			investor	shareholder			news corp. may strengthen corporate governance rupert murdoch 's news corp. may strengthen its corporate governance provisions after investors and shareholder groups said they will vote against the company 's move to the us if shareholders rights are diminished.
3			sale	price			bt denies fiddling prices on advent calendar sales promo url 'manipulation' yields unpublished discounts
4			gene	supercomputer	ibm	technology			ibm to commercialize blue gene supercomputer called the ibm eserver blue gene, the power based supercomputer employs a mix of cooling and clustering technologies and starts at $ 1.5 million.
3			holding			walter mccarty, on the bench at the moment, walter mccarty has his sizable hands full. he's holding 15 month old gabrielle, plus a baggie full of cheerios and an elmo book for her, and a grape soda for himself. the doorbell rings. it's the contractor, wanting a vehicle moved from the driveway. there's a backhoe digging a pool, and another one tunneling 4 feet into ...
2			jeff	coach	football	play			ayoob to play football at cal with his infamous work ethic, cal football coach jeff tedford isn 't really the kind of guy who goes for long, leisurely mornings in bed and afternoons spent napping on the couch.
3			shareholder			norilsk has not yet backed gold fields canadian deal gold fields has yet to receive support from norilsk nickel, its biggest shareholder, for its acquisition of canada 's iamgold. gold fields announced its plan to buy iamgold
1			president			iger: pixar deal nearing end at disney walt disney co. president bob iger said wednesday that a renewal of the studio 's deal with pixar is unlikely, adding the partnership has approached the end of its natural life span.
4			system	ibm	vendor	storage			ibm touts simpler storage ibm on tuesday bolstered its storage portfolio with several new systems, including a product the vendor says packs the power of a larger system but is about the size of a couple of pizza boxes.
4			grid	science	ibm	computing	project			world community grid seeks to harness unused computers ibm and officials from some of the world 's leading science, education and philanthropic organizations yesterday launched a global grid computing project aimed at harnessing unused global computing power to help solve a
4			use	alternative			va. schools must offer dissection options grace kendall knew back in seventh grade that she didn't want to cut open a preserved frog. her teacher allowed her to use a computer alternative, and she has declined to dissect ever since.
4			tool	software			nokia to offer encryption tool the handset maker is teaming up with a swedish security company to offer encryption software for some of its phones.
1			president			former viacom chief named to lead sirius mel karmazin, who quit as president of viacom after a power struggle with his boss, has resurfaced as the new chief executive of sirius satellite radio.
3			profit			rentokil rules out break up rentokil initial, supplier of services ranging from security guards and pest control to conferences and exotic plants, has ruled out breaking itself up, despite tumbling profits and a swirl of takeover speculation.
4			technology	developer			overlaying to boost internet performance world leading microchip developer intel says the internet needs a radical overhaul to make itself more powerful. intel 's chief technology officer, pat gelsinger, notes that
2			hit	game			generating income with blogs blogging for dollars blogging for dollars blogging for dollars might sound like the latest game show or some new drinking game, but it's the latest craze to hit the internet. bloggers began blogging for a number of reasons, but as the blog movement has increased in popularity, they have ...
4			use	system	technology	adobe			adobe does document security electronic document giant adobe systems inc. said that it was partnering with digital certificate company geotrust inc. to provide technology that will allow documents that use adobe's popular pdf portable document format to be digitally certified.
2			champion	fan	race	season			kovalainen surprises at race of champions in the off season, it is for most f1 and racing fans, a long time with no racing action. the race of champions gives the fans a little breath.
4			software	microsoft	code			microsoft seeks to suspend eu order microsoft corp. told a european union court yesterday that it would suffer irreparable harm if forced to reveal more of its software code to rivals, while the eu said such information was crucial to keep competitors alive.
2			victory	coach	player	stadium	mike			ruddock hoping for piece of history wales head coach mike ruddock is urging his players to rewrite the history books with a famous victory over new zealand at the millennium stadium.
4			system	software	project			ford scraps oracle based purchasing system car giant ford is reportedly abandoning a $ 200m web based purchasing project because it can 't get the software to work properly.
2			point	cup	game	football			vogts future still in the balance the scottish football association postponed a board meeting tuesday that had been called to discuss the german 's future. scotland has picked up just two points from its first three qualifying games for the 2006 world cup.
4			share	microsoft	software	code	application	flaw	access			microsoft to share code with governments government officials have sought greater access to the program's technical details to ensure the software is compatible with other applications and is hiding no obvious security flaws.
1			politician	militant			sinn fein offers huge prize to all unionist and nationalist politicians in northern ireland have the prize of an end to militant republicanism within their grasp, a senior sinn fein figure stressed today.
2			goal	football	cavalier	final	play	victory	game			one man 's leg could be pivotal everyone who follows virginia football has a particular memory of the cavaliers epic victory over florida state in 1995. adrian burnim and anthony poindexter teaming to stop warrick dunn inches short of the goal line on the game 's final play.
4			system	microsystems			sun giving away solaris operating system california based sun microsystems inc. released its unix based operating system solaris 10 for free monday, web host industry review magazine reports.
4			goal	enterprise	tool	software	development	integration	application			va software adding wiki support to collaborative tool va software in march 2005 plans to add wiki integration to its sourceforge enterprise edition environment for collaborative application development, with the goal of providing more structure to wikis.
3			sale			variety is truly the spice of christmas tree sales what does it take to lure harried christmas shoppers away from the malls and the prepackaged convenience of an already decorated plastic christmas tree in a box?
2			coach	team			piturca back as romania 's boss victor piturca has been re appointed as romania 's national team coach. piturca, 48, was fired four years ago after a dispute with romania legend gheorghe hagi.
4			cent	technology			st telemedia and telekom malaysia buy idea stake singapore technologies telemedia and telekom malaysia are paying us $ 390m equivalent to acquire a 48 per cent stake in idea cellular, india 's fifth largest mobile operator, after conducting due
3			stock			stocks set to open up; grey in spotlight wall street was set to open higher on monday, with advertising group grey global grey.o: quote, profile, research in the spotlight after a uk rival agreed to a $ 1.
2			final	team	jean	coach	cup			billie jean king retires as u.s. fed cup coach billie jean king cut her final tie with the u.s. fed cup team tuesday when she retired as coach.
4			suite	tool	ibm	management	technology	development	gain	project			ibm buys into project management big blue plans to beef up its rational suite of development tools with technology it will gain through its acquisition of systemcorp.
2			medal	game	country	night			new kids off blocks the people's republic of china struck gold twice last night on the track, giving the world a taste of what the country hopes will be a medal bonanza in four years at the beijing games.
4			scientist	technology			let a thousand mobiles bloom scientists at the university of warwick have designed a hi tech solution to an old technology problem: a cellphone case made of biodegradable polymer.
4			user	desktop	tool	software	technology			copernic unleashes desktop search tool copernic unleashes desktop search tool copernic technologies inc. today announced copernic desktop search tm cds tm , the search engine for your pc tm . copernic has used the experience gained from over 30 million downloads of its windows based web search software to develop cds, a desktop search product that users are saying is far ...
4			app	software	upgrade	management	technology	application			f5, redline expand technology for speeding app performance f5 networks inc. plans to announce an upgrade of its application traffic management software tomorrow, the same day that rival redline networks inc.
3			system	management	enterprise			siebel, eds ink bpo deal siebel systems inc. and electronic data systems corp. this week will announced a partnership to help companies avoid many of the costs and complexities of managing customer relationship management systems in enterprises.
4			collaboration	researcher	infrastructure			internet2: 2004 and beyond experimental network excels at long distance collaboration; researchers hope to up ante with hybrid optical packet infrastructure.
4			ibm	technology			ibm to expand data centers across world ibm is expanding and adding new technology to 11 of its data centers in north america, europe and asia to meet growing demand and rolled out new services to customers, the world's largest computer company said late on thursday.
2			season			sigalet public about illness at first glance, the question of whether the bruins should sign 2001 draft pick jordan sigalet at the end of his senior season seems to be a no brainer.
4			system	software	developer			cisco to acquire software developer p cube for $ 200m cisco systems inc. said yesterday that it has agreed to acquire sunnyvale, calif., software developer p cube inc.
1			regime			theater: an unfortunate debut for spacey london cloaca, apparently, is the latin word for sewer, which might seem a strange image with which to launch a new theatrical regime.
3			stock	earnings			6 reasons to love rambus the company's revenue and earnings are just two reasons to like this stock.
2			stadium	game	dream			crying games again for paula devastated paula radcliffe was led out of the ancient panathinaiko stadium with only tears for souvenirs as her olympic dream lay in tatters on an athens roadside.
3			growth			report takes wind out of dollar's sails the dollar hovered two cents above recent record lows against the euro on tuesday after u.s. manufacturing data in the previous session cast doubt on jobs growth and brought about a pause in its new year rebound.
4			standard			securing rfid information rfid data is vulnerable under certain circumstances, but tougher standards have been developed to protect information stored on rfid chips and to prevent hackers from using sensitive data stored there in malicious exploits.
2			player	soccer			kidnappers free brazilian soccer star 's mom kidnappers freed the mother of santos forward robinho, one of brazils most talented young players, on friday, 40 days after seizing her at gunpoint while she was attending a barbecue.
3			share			inmates in charge of travelzoo it 's official: the lunatic fringe has clearly gotten loose. there really is no other way to explain what 's going on with shares at online travel company travelzoo nasdaq: tzoo .
1			election	secret			election is crunch time for u.s. secret service with just days to go before the u.s. presidential election, the candidates are darting from one stop to the next putting the pressure on the secret service in the process.
4			software	database	source			ingres goes open source computer associates international on monday kicked off its entry into open source software with the release of its ingres r3 database.
4			ibm	feature			ibm, unisys work to rejuvenate mainframes big blue adds features, beefs up training efforts in china; rival unisys debuts new line and pricing plan.
4			cell	feature			possibly the fastest way to spend money next, you could have a motorola mobile phone with mastercard paypass to help you spend money faster. this is layering on more features to make the cell phone
4			system			cisco enhances smb offerings cisco systems quote, chart has modified its catalyst switching products to help small and medium sized businesses deploy converged data, voice and video networks.
1			leader	party	sharing	president			adams backs power sharing plan sinn fein president gerry adams has given his backing for a plan to revive power sharing in northern ireland. the party confirmed that at a meeting of senior sinn fein leaders in belfast, mr adams said he
4			project			study: workers find im a mixed blessing a report released thursday by the pew internet and american life project says us workers are increasingly using instant messaging im in the workplace, with approximately 11 million americans logging into an im program daily.
4			desktop	software			flip open that cellphone: it's im on the move although it grew up on desktop pcs, instant messaging software has gone mobile and it looks more and more as if it has outgrown its roots in teenage chatter.
4			science	technology			beagle 2 just didn 't have the money to succeed nov 2, 2004 a new report by the uk house of commons science and technology select committee pins the blame for the loss of the beagle 2 lander on a lack of early money.
4			system	top			at 's gambit: relying on automation to make up for 12,000 fewer ... at 's top it exec says automation thanks to its it systems will let it shed more than 12,000 jobs this year without hurting its network or service.
3			investor	holding			japan megabank turns deaf ear in many markets, investor response to sumitomo mitsui financial group 's 1 for 1 merger offer to ufj holdings would have been predictable and nearly instantaneous.
2			tour	race			armstrong indicates he will skip 2005 tour in his strongest comments yet, lance armstrong said he was unsure if he would ride in next year 's tour de france because he wants to compete in other cycling races.
2			game	sport	rise			foot in door to counter asia 's rise australia 's olympic sports have begun to prepare for the asian onslaught they expect when beijing hosts the next games in 2008.
4			speed	broadband			wanted: simple home security how much data can fit through broadband pipes? the next big broadband battle is going to turn on that very question. with data speeds increasing and monthly charges now within range of most family budgets, you
4			ibm	software	development	code	application	source			ibm makes speech code open source ibm 's motive is not altruistic. by making the software open source, ibm hopes that other programmers will make improvements, thus speeding the development of speech applications and allowing
4			system	scientist	technology			new aviation system makes flying safer, pollution free: technology india: washington, dec 7 : scientists are now developing a new aircraft scheduling system using computer models which, would not only make air travel safer but would also curb the pollution.
1			fighting			study shows antioxidants not useful vs. cancer in another blow to the belief that antioxidant supplements improve health, an authoritative analysis has concluded there is no evidence the vitamins ward off common digestive cancers. some experts say, however, that the findings do not mean the cancer fighting potential of antioxidant pills should be written off just yet...
4			region	technology	second			infineon to invest $ 1 billion in malaysian factory infineon technologies ag, europe 's second largest maker of semiconductors, plans to invest about $ 1 billion in a new factory in malaysia to expand its automotive chip business and be closer to customers in the region.
4			feature	score			in other news... i finally picked up the latest pc gamer and thumbed through the half life 2 review. i haven 't read the entire feature, as i got hung up on the part that said if you don 't want spoilers to just skip to the end for the score.
2			team			feeling the heat: artic people fight against global warming reykjavik: arctic people aim to team up with tropical islanders in a campaign against global warming, arguing that polar bears and palm fringed beaches stand to suffer the most.
3			producer	profit	earnings	price			smithfield foods profit more than doubles hog and pork producer smithfield foods inc. sfd.n: quote, profile, research on thursday said quarterly earnings more than doubled due to higher hog prices and the acquisition last year of farmland foods.
1			election			envoys seek ukraine breakthrough international mediators are to try to break the deadlock caused by ukraine's disputed presidential elections.
1			election	parliament	president			the other november elections in november 2004, lebanese president emil lahoud will complete his six year term. parliament, according to the constitution, has to elect the new president from the maronite christian community .
4			politics	howard	generation	party	tool	talk	software	technology	use	source			dean on blogs, politics and the internet my boy howard dean talks about the next generation of politics: the destination of the democratic party means making it a party that can communicate with its supporters and with all americans. politics is at its best when we create and inspire a sense of community. the tools that were pioneered in my campaign like blogs, and meetups, and streaming video are just a start. we must use all of the power and potential of technology as part of an aggressive outreach to meet and include voters, to work with the state parties, and to influence media coverage. the internet will fundamentally change every aspect of society. it started in how we developed software. open source is starting ...
2			baseball	nation	team			dc 's ballgame the leaves are just turning in the nation 's capital but with a hint of spring, perhaps because washington is getting a slice of americana back: a baseball team of its very own.
2			team			three question to jacques villeneuve at shanghai the renault f1 teams latest signing was invited to the official fia press conference this afternoon.
2			champion	cricket	team	trophy			south african cricket reeling under another debacle durban, sep 20 pti south african cricket has been thrown into further public scrutiny after the national team crashed out of the icc champions trophy by going down to the west indies yesterday.
1			party	democrat	vietnam	debate			parties seek advantage in vietnam debate the events may be 35 years old, but the heated discussion hasn't stopped because republicans and democrats alike sense a political advantage in keeping the debate over john kerry's service in vietnam on voters' minds.
2			race	championship			phelps backs out of big race michael phelps has been forced to pulled out of the 400m individual medley at the short course world swimming championships in indianapolis in the us, due to a sore back.
2			player			rugby two south africans in irb best of year nominations south africans schalk burger and marius joubert are among five players shortlisted for the international rugby board 's player of the year.
2			microsoft	game	sport			microsoft benches sports games turn out the lights, the party's over for unit that created mainstream sports games for the xbox. seventy six workers lose jobs.
3			growth			uk economy slows in third quarter the uk 's economic growth slowed in the third quarter as manufacturing output declined, preliminary data has shown. gross domestic output gdp increased 0.4 in the three months to 18 october, according to
2			game			sorry hamm flops on apparatus paul hamm had hoped to continue the american gymnastics carnival at the olympics games on sunday. instead, as well as facing a battle to hold onto the individual gold that
2			game	pas	source			robert laberge getty images 1. according to published reports, the source of the recent feud between kobe bryant and karl malone is that kobe is accusing the mailman of making a pass at his wife, vanessa, at a lakers game last month.
1			parliament	president			european parliaments oks new commission the european parliament approved a new slate of commissioners tuesday in a delayed start of the new president 's administration.
1			president			key executive will rejoin troubled ata david wing will return to his posts of chief financial officer and executive vice president at the parent company of ata airlines, four months after abruptly leaving the indianapolis company for personal reasons.
4			system			doubts over passport face scans serious doubts are raised on the accuracy of a new id system being introduced on new uk passports next year.
4			development	system	version			palmsource unveils smartphone operating system palmsource has completed development of palm cobalt, the first version of its handheld operating system designed specifically for smartphones.
1			talk			end to pillow talk on american flights cash strapped american airlines wednesday said it is trying to take some of the fluff out of its costs: so the world 's largest carrier is eliminating pillows on its planes.
2			coach	championship			nu coach's credentials rock solid the people at northeastern did their homework when they named rocky hager the 10th head coach in school history march 10. he takes over a program that has known both success and frustration and both during the last year. hager was one of the cornerstones of a north dakota state powerhouse that won four national championships from 1985 90 ...
2			basketball	player	fan	sport			sports need to regain control of fans, players from time to time, basketball players are referred to as cagers. the term dates back to the early years of basketball when courts were surrounded by chicken wire to separate players from unruly fans.
4			profit	earnings	technology			wireless business helps lucent profit lucent technologies inc. , among the world's largest makers of telecommunications equipment, on wednesday said quarterly earnings rose sharply, helped by improvement in its wireless networks business and lower costs.
4			networking			security fears still blocking wlan adoption despite the best efforts of the wi fi industry to assure companies wireless networking is safe in the workplace, a new survey of executives finds security remains the leading barrier to wlan adoption.
4			investor	software	play	developer			give sonic solutions more play the digital media software developer deserves more attention from investors.
1			war			kuwait: fundamentalists recruiting teens every friday, 17 year old dhari al zahameel's family would wait for him to come back from the mosque so they could have lunch together. then one day the young al zahameel didn't come home, instead sending word he had gone to fight in the jihad, or holy war.
4			technology			tiny l.e.d.'s grow into mighty theatrical lights lamina ceramics plans to introduce a light emitting diode array with heat reduction technology that allows it to be as bright as a theatrical light without a meltdown.
4			system	version			new palm system targets smart phones the maker of palm operating systems for handheld computers plans to introduce tuesday its first version designed specifically for so called smart phones.
1			politics	scientist	night			the flu hunters what keeps these scientists up at night is the idea that global politics may prevent them from knowing until it's too late that a flu pandemic is brewing.
3			stock			small caps still outperform large caps the davids of the stock market are beating the goliaths again.
4			processor	developer	cell	scientist	game	version			playstation 3 chip goes easy on developers san francisco the cell processor that will power the next version of the playstation game console will also be adaptable for advanced scientific research, but you won 't have to be a rocket scientist to program it.
1			war			sarin 'gulf war syndrome cause' gulf war syndrome may have been caused by exposure to the nerve gas sarin, according to reports.
4			single	technology			toshiba launches hdd with new recording technology and sets record toshiba corporation announced the first hard disk drives hdd based on perpendicular recording, boosting the capacity of a single 1.8 inch hard disk platter to 40 gigabytes.
2			beat	final	game			a quick getaway: greek sprinters beat expulsion by walking out on the games the final curtain yesterday came down on the greek tragedy which has overshadowed the first week of the athens olympics when the sprinters kostas kederis and ekaterini thanou withdrew from the games.
1			election			nevada exit poll shows voters prefer paper receipt a washington based public opinion firm has released the results of an election day survey of nevada voters showing 81 support for the issuance of paper receipts when votes are cast electronically.
4			gene	technology	science			programs: 'evil genius' brings out your inner villain gene emery is a columnist who covers science and technology. his internet address is gemery at any opinions in the column are his alone.
4			enterprise	ibm	single	software	feature	storage			ibm unveils new shark and midrange array ibm presented two new enterprise class storage arrays that feature compatible software that allows the boxes to be managed through a single interface and data to be replicated between them.
4			technology			apple 's itunes now accepting paypal com december 10, 2004, 11:28 am pt. customers at apple computer 's itunes store will now be able to pay for their songs, albums and gift certificates using paypal, a virtual wallet technology owned by ebay.
1			election			ghana waits for election results the first results are being declared in ghana 's presidential and parliamentary elections, which were generally calm and orderly.
4			system	software	microsoft	opera			opera browser performs for windows mobile bowing to the influence of wireless operators and handset makers, opera software will deliver its revolutionary smartphone browser to the microsoft windows mobile operating system.
2			play	game			better health through play health care experts are convinced that games can help people get and stay well, but they don't agree on what's the best approach. by noah shachtman.
2			play	title			healthy hantuchova looks for another title i just try to play as well as i can this year. if i do that, the results will come, hantuchova said. i appreciate being out there.
3			retailer			mercent to help guess sell on amazon e commerce web services specialist is helping retailers take the guesswork out of setting up shop on amazon.
3			profit			dutch bank to lay off 2,850 staff abn amro, the netherlands largest bank, is to cut 2,850 jobs as a result of falling profits. the cuts amounting to 3 of the bank 's workforce will result in a one off charge of 790m euros $ 1.1bn .
1			election			vote fraud theories, spread by blogs, are quickly buried some web logs were swift to provide dark theories about the presidential election, but others were just as quick to debunk them.
3			profit			jetstar boosts qantas turnover budget airline jetstar has helped propel qantas to a record post tax profit of $ 648.4 million. qantas chief executive geoff dixon paid tribute to the subsidiary domestic carrier during a formal profit announcement yesterday.
4			technology			consortium to buy 47.7 stake in indian mobile firm kuala lumpur: a consortium comprising tm international, the international arm of telekom malaysia bhd, and singapore technologies telemedia, have entered into definitive agreements to acquire a 47.7 stake in india 's leading cellular operator, idea
3			buyback	sale	share			m s launches share buyback marks spencer, whose sales have dropped for the fourth straight quarter, has priced a 2.3 billion pound share buyback offer in a 332 380 pence per share range.
2			cup	race	season			austria 's walchhofer fastest in training at lake louise austrians michael walchhofer and hermann maier finished 1 2 thursday in training for this weekend 's season opening world cup downhill race in lake louise, alta.
3			holding			update 1: sumitomo mitsui tries to woo ufj japan 's sumitomo mitsui financial group inc. said tuesday it proposed to ufj holdings inc. that the two banks merge on an equal basis in its latest attempt to woo ufj away from a rival suitor.
2			basketball	victory	game	team			terps deny musketeers maryland's women's basketball team pulls out a tough 74 72 victory over xavier when it blocks kristy wallner's attempt to tie the game for xavier in the closing seconds.
4			design	standard			sprucing up sidewalks d.c. has hired a group to develop new design standards for downtown food carts and souvenir stands.
3			value			far and away, a worthy telecom value, income, and dividends? chunghwa, from taiwan, delivers them all.
3			sale	retailer			us holiday sales launch flops crucial us holiday sales launched with a flop, retailers reported.
1			leader	president			somali leader's house 'attacked' the nairobi residence of the newly elected somali president is reportedly attacked by unknown gunmen.
2			williams	final	season	win	prix	sport			montoya wins f1 finale in brazil sao paulo, brazil sports network williams bmw driver juan montoya captured the final event of the 2004 formula one season the grand prix of brazil.
4			system	high			mobiles in aircraft edge closer soon you could be using your mobile phone on flights as easily as you do on the high street. a two year investigation has shown that mobiles can be used on planes without interfering with navigation systems.
2			sport			espn going to college for its new channel to celebrate its 25th anniversary, espn announced yesterday it will be sending yet another all sports channel your way its seventh, if you're counting , this one dedicated to college sports.
4			system	software	microsoft			britons offered real windows xp owners of pirated copies of microsoft corp. 's windows xp operating system can trade them in for the real thing as part of a bid by the software giant to fight counterfeiting.
4			application	technology	retailer			i2 looks to technology rollout for a rebound i2 technologies is hoping to continue its rebound by rolling out new technology aimed at retailers and manufacturers and forming partnerships that will help make its applications easier to integrate.
2			nation	game			not normal routine for gymnastics the gymnastics competition at the 2004 olympic games produced some extraordinary performances, but ultimately was overshadowed by judging controversies that pitted nation against
2			champion	coach	classic	football			hokies usc sold out the last black coaches association football classic, matching defending co national champion southern california and virginia tech on saturday at fedex field, is sold out.
1			election	president			mozambique votes to elect successor to chissano mozambicans began voting on wednesday in presidential and parliamentary elections focusing on who will succeed president joaquim chissano, stepping down after 18 years in office.
4			space	project			last of mercury astronauts remember 'gordo' cooper the last of the seven project mercury astronauts who pioneered u.s. space exploration in the 1960s remembered one of their own as a fearless pilot with the right stuff in an emotional memorial ceremony on friday for gordon cooper.
2			game			paris, n.y. submit bids the five cities looking to host the 2012 summer games submitted bids to the international olympic committee on monday.
3			auto	strength	sale	earnings			johnson controls sees revenue, earns up auto parts supplier johnson controls inc. said on friday that it expects higher sales and earnings in fiscal 2005, driven by strength in both its automotive group and controls businesses.
2			general	britain	sport	royal			u.k. docs suggest tax breaks for exercise money spent on sports and exercise should be tax deductible as part of a national strategy to fight flab, say doctors in britain who are grappling with one of the world's most rapidly growing obesity epidemics. ahead of a daylong conference thursday on tackling obesity in primary care clinics, the royal college of general practitioners called on the government to consider tax breaks to make exercise more accessible and affordable to everybody...
4			use	scientist	technology			expedition to probe gulf of mexico scientists will use advanced technology never before deployed beneath the sea as they try to discover new creatures, behaviors and phenomena in a 10 day expedition to the gulf of mexico's deepest reaches.
1			politics	dead	party	system	president			hu warns against aping western politics china would come to a dead end if it copied blindly from western political systems, president hu jintao said yesterday on the eve of a chinese communist party ccp meeting focused on shoring up its own waning image and legitimacy.
4			volcano	mount	technology			new technology helping volcanologists geologist david johnston wouldn't have died on mount st. helens today. new equipment developed since the 1980 eruption of the volcano has made it possible for volcanologists to take better measurements without hiking up the volatile mountain, a requirement 24 years ago that cost johnson his life.
3			good			hp brand to inject new life into ink hewlett packard 's new vivera brand name for ink products could make a good impression in customers minds, according to analysts.
4			skype	software	mac	technology	beta	version			skype available for mac os x skype technologies sa has launched the beta version of skype for mac os x. the software can be downloaded for free and is available immediately.
3			system	profit	sale			imclone posts 3q profit on erbitux sales biopharmaceutical company imclone systems inc. said thursday that it swung to a profit in the third quarter from a year ago loss due to sales of colorectal cancer drug erbitux.
2			basketball	title	team	coach	high			coach humbled by attention over title ix an alabama high school coach says he was just trying to get equality for his girls' basketball team when he complained about its treatment. his legal battle to regain his job will reach the supreme court at the end of the month.
3			producer	expectation	profit	sale			intel income rose 15, tops expectations intel corp., the worlds largest semiconductor producer, said yesterday its third quarter profit rose at the slowest pace in five quarters on record stockpile of computer chips, growing competition and slow sales of pcs.
2			play	nation			rugby south africa opt for venter 's physical edge south africa hope aj venter will add a physical edge to their play in the loose in the deciding tri nations test against australia in durban on saturday.
2			ball	win	season	raven	game			priest brings chiefs some salvation kansas city held on to the ball and controlled the clock to outlast the baltimore ravens 27 24 and win their first game of the season.
4			priority	hardware			spaceshipone to launch again monday com october 1, 2004, 11:39 am pt. with the economy slowly turning up, upgrading hardware has been on businesses radar in the past 12 months as their number two priority.
3			holding			arm acquires artisan for $ 913m in a deal worth about $ 913 million, arm holdings plc today announced it would acquire artisan components inc. to create one of the broadest suppliers of semiconductor intellectual property in the industry.
3			priority	sale	share			apple blocks music sales to older itunes com november 3, 2004, 11:26 am pt. this priority retains its ranking at number five as more and more companies deploy web services to share business logic, data and processes with each other and with clients.
4			war	software	code			adware war heading to federal court is all fair in love, war and adware? a federal court may help decide as far as adware goes, at least in a case involving software from one company uninstalling a rival 's computer code.
4			point	summit	technology			gartner points out the security you don't need the plethora of security technologies on the market are enough to overwhelm even the most knowledgeable it managers, but in sorting through all of the options, it may be helpful to look at what is not needed, according to gartner inc. research detailed hereat its it security summit conference.
3			chain	price			campina and arla churn up dairy merger falling milk prices, evaporating european union subsidies and tougher demands by supermarket chains yesterday nudged two of europe 's leading dairy companies into the biggest merger in the continent 's dairy industry.
4			system			lojack makes canada move with boomerang buy the westwood company is spending $ 48 million to acquire boomerang tracking inc., a montreal company that operates a stolen car recovery system in canada.
3			buying	value			bt to buy infonet in deal worth about $ 1b bt group plc said monday it is buying u.s. based infonet services corp., in a deal that values the company at $ 965 million.
2			play	injury	game			wisconsin back davis cleared to play running back anthony davis, who missed no. 20 wisconsin's last three games with an eye injury, has been cleared to play this weekend against illinois.
3			profit	software			peoplesoft bounces back to profit peoplesoft, the software maker that is the target of a hostile takeover bid from industry heavyweight oracle, has returned to profit.
1			president			update 1: ovitz says he was mistaken over bonus michael ovitz, walt disney co. 's former president, said friday he was mistaken in his previous testimony that his annual bonus was tied to disney chief executive michael eisner 's bonus.
3			strength	sale	stock			stocks climb; retail sales, oracle help u.s. stocks rose on monday, after he government said retail sales in november were better than expected, a sign of economic strength.
3			investor	sale			four firms buy intelsat intelsat ltd., the pioneering commercial satellite company that connected the world through global television and telephone communications, announced monday its sale to a group of private investors for $ 3 billion in cash.
2			basketball	sport			turning the paige: it 's now mizzou arena the university of missouri board of curators on friday voted to rename the columbia campus basketball arena mizzou arena, severing the connection between the posh sports facility and allegations of cheating at a university 1,700 miles away.
3			stock	share			stocks open little changed us stocks opened flat on friday as wall street pulled back after a big rally in the previous session, with shares of computer maker dell inc.
4			tool	ibm	application	vendor			ibm signs up 100 vendors for workplace ibm said the strategy is to enable companies to centrally manage business applications and tools across employee devices. that should help companies cut it support costs as well as build work
4			morning	technology	opposition			induce act remains locked up in committee yesterday we reported that the senate judiciary committee would be taking up the induce act once again. they did so this morning, and the bill failed to advance because of strong opposition from the technology
4			platform	microsystems	java	enterprise	upgrade	software	development			sun upgrades jse, netbeans sun microsystems quote, chart announced the availability of two upgrades to its software development platforms on tuesday. java studio enterprise jse 7, the santa clara, calif.
1			parliament	president			rawlings accuses obasanjo of interference ghanaians went to the polls yesterday to elect a new president and members of parliament with former president jerry rawlings accusing nigerian president olusegun obasanjo of undue interference in the electoral process.
2			champion	final	match	trophy			flintoff aims to sign off in style london: all rounder andrew flintoff will seek to cap his perfect year today with a match winning performance in the champions trophy final against west indies.
4			software			oracle puts up four for target 's board oracle has opened a new front in its 17 month battle to take over rival software company peoplesoft, announcing a slate of nominees to challenge the existing board of directors at its annual meeting next year.
2			season			but seriously folks three weeks does not a season make, but it's enough of an indicator to form opinions strong enough to put into motion.
1			party	province	ally			chinese official moved as hu consolidates power china 's communist party chief hu jintao moved a close political ally out of a problem plauged province on monday and analysts say he will make more personnel changes as he continues to consolidate power.
2			orleans	club	sport			jazz to retire stockton 's number salt lake city, ut sports network the jazz announced tuesday that the club will retire john stockton 's no. 12 on november 22, 2004, when utah hosts the new orleans hornets.
3			exchange	profit			8 accused of inflating kmart profit the securities and exchange commission yesterday filed civil fraud charges against three former kmart corp. executives and five employees of companies that supplied the troy, mich.
1			parliament	talk	country			iran votes to resume nuclear work iran 's hard line parliament unanimously approved a bill on sunday supporting the resumption of uranium enrichment. the vote comes as talks with european countries over iran 's
4			user	system	management	software	standard	application	access			vmware aims at becoming pc management standard its new software lets pc administrators create policy controls specifying how long a user will have access to the operating system and applications, what peripherals can connect to the environment, and more.
4			longhorn	microsoft	system	upgrade	file	technology	server			stripped down longhorn still offers gems even though microsofts much anticipated longhorn has been stripped of its unified file system and some of its other key longhorn technologies will be available for windows xp and windows server 2003, the next windows release will still be worth the upgrade, according to microsoft.
4			system	microsoft	version			microsoft crafts backup plan microsoft corp. officials said yesterday that the company has spent millions of dollars preparing a version of its windows operating system without a program for playing digital music and
3			investor	buying	volume	stock			stocks up despite consumer confidence news a late session buying spurt gave stocks a moderate lift tuesday as investors managed to overcome their disappointment over troubling readings on consumer confidence and manufacturing. but with volume extremely light, analysts said it was difficult to place any real significance on the upturn...
4			speed			new ibook g4 is fastest model to date apple computers latest ibook range is the fastest to date. still lacking in raw speed compared to intel centrino based laptops, the consumer model is available from just 636 ex.
4			low	specie	project	technology			electricity revives coral reef a balinese project uses low wattage electrical current to stimulate the regrowth of a badly damaged coral reef. it's the world's largest coral nursery ever built using this technology, in an area where most of the world's coral species live.
4			software	standard	country			dhs official: safer software is everyone 's responsibility imposing government security standards on software companies is not the answer to improving the security of the country 's computer networks, a us department of homeland security official said thursday.
2			athletics	game	walk			athletics: aarrett 29th in 50km walk craig barrett couldn 't improve on his efforts of four years ago as he ended more than four hours of hot toil with a 29th placing in the olympic games 50km walk here today.
4			system	application			siebel to acquire edocs for $ 115 million siebel systems has agreed to acquire edocs, a maker of e billing and customer self service applications, for $ 115 million, siebel said friday.
1			party	president			taiwan's chen quits party post president chen resigns as dpp chairman in taiwan, in a move which could signal a new drive to find consensus.
4			space	tool			lycos pulls anti spam vigilante campaign just days after lycos europe 's launch of an anti spam ddos tool raised eyebrows in the security space, the company appears to have scrapped the campaign.
2			fan	game			online gaming for star trek fans star trek fans will be able to boldly go online to take part in new worldwide multiplayer game. games company perpetual entertainment has secured the exclusive worldwide rights from viacom consumer products
4			user			phishing is a problem for all internet browsers take heart, internet explorer users. now it appears that virtually every internet browser program not just yours poses a security risk.
1			election			losing pace? like a runner who slows down before the finish line, the us economy may be losing momentum as it approaches the november election.
4			secretary	technology			techies want assistant secretary to address cybersecurity the technology industry stands behind its call for an assistant secretary for cybersecurity in the homeland security department, even as confusion grows over what the department is planning.
4			system	patent	reform			a patent strain on innovation some things are patently ridiculous. one is the us patent system, an institution in desperate need of reform.
4			high	upgrade	speed	development			sprint upgrades wireless network wireless carrier sprint has signed contracts with lucent, nortel and motorola for network upgrades, including the development of high speed internet services.
2			season	coach	football	source			source: stanford fires coach teevens stanford football coach buddy teevens was fired after three straight losing seasons, an athletic department source said monday on condition of anonymity.
1			president	showdown			i made the right choices for european commission, says barroso jose manuel barroso, the european commission president, yesterday backed france 's european commissioner, jacques barrot, and said he had no regrets over his handling of a dramatic showdown with meps last month.
4			standard			standard chartered bank standard chartered bank hong kong limited scbhk announces monday that peter wong, chief executive officer of the scbhk, has decided to leave the bank with effect from nov. 19, 2004.
1			election			plans under way for exiled iraqis to vote iom logistical preparations are under way to allow at least a million exiled iraqis to cast their votes in the country's first free elections next month, a senior organizer said on thursday.
3			retailer			virgin enters online music business virgin group ltd. on monday launched its online music store, pitting the retailer best known for its music megastores with tech companies such as apple computer inc., which operates the most popular digital music service.
2			coach	club			neeskens sacked as nec coach johan neeskens has been sacked as coach of nec nijmegen, the struggling dutch first division club said in a statement on monday. nec are 14th in the standings following a 3 2
4			software	microsoft			eu accuses microsoft of paternal view microsoft corp. said friday that small companies and their customers would suffer most if it is forced to remove its digital media software from windows, while the european union accused it of being paternalistic in trying to decide what's best for everyone.
4			spur	system			intermune gets subpoena from justice dept biotechnology company intermune inc. on tuesday said it received a subpoena from the us department of justice demanding information related to its key drug actimmune, which is designed to spur the immune system.
1			parliament	opposition			opp rejects two offices bill islamabad: the senate opposition rejected the two offices bill on monday, arguing that it violated the constitution and deprived parliament of its powers.
2			sport			for wednesday ams ap olympic digest for wednesday ams. the supervisor is aaron watson. the phone number for the new york sports desk is 212 621 1630. reruns of stories and agate available from , from the service desk 800 838 4616 or your local ap ...
2			coach	season			wigley makes clean break from southampton wigley had been under intense pressure at st marys since replacing paul sturrock at the start of the season, with his position as head coach being questioned in the wake of some poor form.
2			season			japan battered as asian typhoons take unusual turn trees bent over sharply in angry winds, rain lashing empty streets, and mammoth waves battering breakwaters all scenes that have been commonplace in japan this summer, the worst typhoon season on record.
2			play	game			the games kids play today are too violent no wonder people love computer and video games. they re realistic, fast paced, interactive and challenging. just about any age can play.
4			microsystems	system	upgrade	linux	software	technology	server	use			sun adds linux support to sun ray thin clients sun microsystems previously offered the server software for its sun ray thin client devices on solaris systems only. but the company is adding support for linux servers as part of an upgrade that also includes technology designed to make it easier to use the thin clients remotely.
4			computing	technology			presidential candidates differ in it questionnaire the computing technology industry association asked both campaigns to answer 12 technology related questions to help the trade group's 20,000 members get information about their views.
1			president			eisner continues defense of hiring, firing when walt disney co. chief executive michael d. eisner and disney president michael s. ovitz appeared on larry king live on sept.
4			tool			singingfish unveils multimedia search tool singingfish will reach out to consumers for the first time this week when it launches a revamped multimedia search engine on its web site.
3			share	profit	enterprise	rise	gain			playboy posts profit, shares rise playboy enterprises inc. pla , the adult entertainment company, on tuesday reported a third quarter profit, reversing a year earlier loss, on gains at its television
4			gate	software	microsoft			not your father 's microsoft microsoft 's quarterly results released thursday make clear that the software maker is becoming a much different company than the one bill gates started back in 1975.
1			agenda			economic agenda europe at mercy of a bank driving blind it is said that there are three kinds of organisation: those that make things happen; those that watch things happen; and those that wonder what happened.
3			depot	growth	sale	earnings			home depot writes big tickets shoppers spend more, giving the company yet another quarter of sales growth and even better earnings.
2			career	win			paul hamm wins all around event after falling on the landing of his vault, paul hamm put on two of the most spectacular routines of his career to win olympic gold, the first ever by a u.s. man.
2			team	win			can 't bury raptors, but knicks hold them off if the knicks have not yet found the ability to crush teams at will, they have at least discovered how to win even when their minds wander and their discipline disappears.
3			producer	growth			goldcorp 's mcewen, seeking growth, buys wheaton to get telfer goldcorp inc. chief executive robert mcewen says he was always reluctant to expand by acquiring other gold producers. that 's why mcewen is making one last purchase before he steps down and handing the reins to ian telfer.
2			title	sport			after toiling in boxing 's minor leagues, wright ready to make his ... winky wright toiled for years in boxing 's minor leagues, patiently waiting for his big chance. even when he won a piece of the 154 pound title, not many in the sport paid much attention.
2			cricket	high	withdrawal	sport			bcci to decide its next move on tv rights soon: dalmiya kolkata, sept 21 uni the board of control for cricket in india bcci today said it would decide its next course of action soon following espn star sports withdrawal of the petition against it in the bombay high court today in response to the indian
2			football	team	country	club	play			new napoli club to play in third division a new naples football club, formed to replace the bankrupt team of the italian city, has been handed a place in the country 's third division.
2			title	race	win			kirui, sun win world half marathon titles kenya 's paul kirui capped an impressive year by winning the men 's world half marathon title sunday, while china 's sun ying jie claimed the women 's race.
2			title	championship	play	tour	win			gallacher clinches dunhill title stephen gallacher clinched his first win on the european tour after edging out graeme mcdowell on the first play off hole in the dunhill links championship.
4			grid	infrastructure	point	system	access			aruba brings wi fi down from the ceiling instead of installing a handful of wireless access points in an office ceiling, aruba wireless networks' new wi fi grid system will offer a larger number of tiny grid points in floor level network outlets as part of the main network infrastructure.
2			cup	sport			greedy sa rugby bids to host 2011 world cup event sa rugby, the controlling body of the sport in sa, has sent a letter of intent to the international rugby board irb confirming its desire to host the 2011 rugby world cup.
4			system	broadband			next gen net addresses move ahead nokia yesterday demonstrated streaming video over mobile phones using ipv6, the slow building successor to today's internet addressing system. broadband blog
3			shareholder			murdoch: plans cable rival for disappointing cnbc rupert murdoch, sunny news junkie. after the annual shareholder meeting of fox entertainment group nyse: fox news people , murdoch said he saw a niche for a new cable business news channel that d offer
2			defender	sport			ajax finally comes to terms with trabelsi amsterdam, the netherlands sports network ajax defender hatem trabelsi finally ended his holdout by signing a new two year contract on friday.
1			crisis	talk	election			international mediators try to end ukraine crisis international mediators will step up efforts on wednesday to resolve ukraine's 10 day old crisis over a disputed presidential election after the collapse of talks between pro western and pro russian factions.
1			parliament	debate	election	talk	crisis			ukraine's parliament to debate election crisis ukraine's parliament meets on saturday to debate a disputed presidential election a day after western mediators trying to end the turmoil gripping major cities managed to persuade the two rivals to start talks.
4			alternative			at least five drugs deserve a safety review, official tells senate ... consumers looking for alternatives to vioxx have other painkillers to choose from, ranging from similar prescription drugs such as celebrex to that old medicine chest standby, aspirin.
2			park	sport			theme park leave it to the greatest rivalry in sports to nearly turn a lovefest into an alley fight.
1			plot	country	president			equatorial guinea mercenary not mastermind lawyer a suspected south african mercenary on trial in equatorial guinea agreed to take part in a plot to oust the country 's president but was not responsible for masterminding it, his lawyer said on tuesday.
2			stadium			hundreds attend d.c. meeting on expos residents packed the district of columbia council chambers thursday to praise or pan the mayor's 440 million proposal to refurbish rfk stadium and build a new ballpark for the montreal expos.
4			feature	technology			ask jeeves to boost search site with portal features ask jeevesis actively looking at strengthening its flagship search engine web site with features, services and technologies found elsewhere in its online network.
2			park	football			vogts 's scotland future in the balance berti vogts 's future as scotland manager is set to be clarified on tuesday when the 11 man board of the scottish football association sfa meets at hampden park.
2			title	championship	play	tour	win			gallacher clinches dunhill title stephen gallacher clinched his first win on the european tour after eding out graeme mcdowell on the first play off hole in the dunhill links championship.
2			fan	team			founding father gerry snyder feels city government let expos down ask a dozen montreal expos fans why the team is on the verge of departure after 35 years of existence, and you ll get a dozen different answers.
4			ship	speed	switch			cisco cooks up new catalysts, gbe ip phone touting improved security, availability and network wide 10 gbe speeds, cisco today unveiled a slew of upgraded catalyst switches that are set to ship in december and early 2005.
4			application			akamai boosts web application services the company fills out its hosted application lineup with four products designed for e commerce web sites.
3			country	chain	trading			metcash surprises with bid for foodland chain metcash trading, australia 's largest grocery wholesaler, has made a surprise a $ 846m us $ 661m takeover bid for the local operations of foodland associated, the country 's third largest
2			league	game	football	mike			woburn back in fine form senior mike mclaughlin returned from a three week layoff to lead woburn past watertown, 35 12, in a middlesex league football game yesterday.
2			team	bowl			marshall linebacker wilson suspended marshall linebacker dionte wilson has been suspended for the fort worth bowl for an unspecified violation of team rules.
2			round	top	war	season	player	game			nintendo, sony game for gaming war the holiday shopping season is set to be a shoot em up round in the video game industry, as its top players nintendo and sony go head to head by launching new and advanced hand held machines.
2			game			triumphant olympics end with pride and relief a nervous world learned the greek word for thank you and repeated it endlessly at an astonishingly successful athens olympics that quelled fears, surprised skeptics and greatly honored the birthplace of the games.
3			general	sale			automakers report sept. sales strong for all but ford, honda led by general motors corp., the us automotive industry rebounded in september with one of its most robust months of the year. sales were pushed up by 2005 models
4			user			oracle mixes messages on peoplesoft support at its user conference on wednesday, oracle continued sending mixed messages to peoplesoft customers concerned about how oracle will support their products if it succeeds in its $ 9.2 billion takeover bid.
3			investor	pas			a tivo netflix hookup? has the moment that tivo nasdaq: tivo and netflix nasdaq: nflx investors have been waiting for finally come to pass? well, speculation has turned to rumor, which many obviously hope will turn to fact.
4			collaboration	ibm	amd	technology			ibm, amd work to shrink chips extended collaboration could result in chips built on 32 nanometer technology.
4			united	hague	system	broadband	technology			t mobile trials flash ofdm in the netherlands maidenhead, united kingdomt mobile international said it has deployed a trial of flarion technologies flash ofdm system for its mobile broadband services in the hague, the netherlands.
4			lab	system			infocus: examining a public exploit, part 2 the purpose of this article is to analyze a public exploit in a lab environment, see the alerts generated by an intrusion detection system, and then do some packet analysis of the malicious binary in order to better understand what it does and how you may have been compromised. part 2 of 2.
4			united	technology			u.s. defends global warming strategy the united states, facing international criticism for its rejection of the kyoto protocol, argued tuesday it spends billions of dollars seeking new technologies to cut emissions of the greenhouse gases blamed for global warming.
4			player	generation			sanyo shows hd dvd player sanyo electric unveiled a prototype player supporting the next generation optical disc format hd dvd at the ceatec 2004 show here this week.
4			final	technology	broadband	price	access			uk regulator pushing for more, cheaper broadband access the uk took another step towards greater competition in and cheaper access to broadband technology as telecoms regulator ofcom published its final proposals for local loop unbundling and ordered bt group to cut the wholesale prices it charges
1			talk			little progress in aircraft talks the european union on thursday demanded that washington explain more clearly how it subsidizes the boeing co. and warned it would counter any us challenge targeting france
4			software	protection			security software protects data centric mobile phones and pdas trend micro has debuted a software package said to provide antivirus and anti spam protection for sms messaging on data centric mobile phones and pdas.
4			fan	technology			week ahead: apple 's paris buzz following are some of the notable technology related events scheduled for the week of aug. 15. apple computer fans are dishing the scuttlebutt this week.
4			cell			cingular 's quiet takeover although they wouldn 't know it from watching the company 's commercials or shopping in its stores. the cell phone provider is expected
4			creator	science	microsoft	system	source			mozilla vs. microsoft the mozilla foundation, the creators of the open source firefox browser, has predicted that by the end of 2005, it will have 10 of the browser market. it doesn't take rocket science to realize that's a swing at microsoft nasdaq: msft news , given the near ubiquity of its windows operating system and its internet explorer browser.
4			system			calpers, other big institutions, lean hard on disney the california public employees retirement system and three other heavyweight institutions are turning up the heat on the walt disney co.
4			sharing	software			fanning your way through. nobody ever made an illusion towards the fact that sean fanning, founder of the popular music sharing program back in the ol days napster, would make it back in the software world.
4			database	enterprise	system	linux	server	version			sybase offers free linux database sybase inc. this week released adaptive server enterprise express edition for linux, a free version of its enterprise class database for deployment on linux systems.
4			user	run	technology	linux			linspire 's robertson embraces windows media linspire inc. the company formerly known as lindows announced on november 18 that it has licensed windows media technology and made it immediately available via a click and run online update to the users of the linux distro.
1			relation	president			taiwan chen plans national day speech on china taiwan president chen shui bian said he will make an important policy statement on relations with arch foe china in his national day address on oct. 10.
4			patent	database	system	tool	technology			expand beyond gets broad wireless patent expand beyond corp., which makes tools for remotely managing databases, has been awarded a broad patent for technology used to monitor and manage computer systems from a wireless device, the company announced friday.
1			president			mourning continues throughout nascar as the nascar community continued to mourn the loss of 10 people who were killed when a hendrick motorsports airplane crashed en route to the subway 500 at martinsville speedway on sunday, martinsville president clay campbell issued a statement monday on
3			sale			mondavi posts loss after restructuring the robert mondavi corp. swung to a loss in its latest quarter as the wine maker recorded restructuring and sales charges. the napa based company on wednesday reported a net loss of $ 57.
3			retailer			best buy sued for ripping off consumers giant us electronics retailer best buy has been sued by the state of ohio over alleged unfair and deceptive business practices.
2			good	team			us team 's class clown grip and rips his way to a pole vault ... he 's a california surfer dude, an air guitar virtuoso and the us olympic team 's resident class clown. toby stevenson also happens to be very good at what he does: the pole vault.
3			user	growth			survey: porn to boost wireless web services mobile phone users around the world will spend 1 billion a year on pornography sent to their handsets by 2008, which may boost the wireless services sector much as it fueled growth in the fixed line internet, a market research firm said.
4			upgrade	software	hardware			intelligence everywhere if y2k is remembered for getting companies to buy new hardware and upgrade old software, the latest driver of change, sarbanes oxley, will be remembered for democratizing information and making accountability a companywide responsibility. its reporting requirements make it mandatory that businesses hold everyone's feet to the fire.
3			investment			former banker quattrone faces sentencing frank quattrone, a former star investment banker who once earned $ 120 million in a year, will be sentenced on wednesday for obstructing a federal investigation into some
2			championship			wonderful news: malcolm wilson is delighted with the new ... ford yesterday announced a new four year deal with the dovenby outfit to keep the car maker a leading contender in the world rally championship.
4			microsoft	server	technology	second	integration			microsoft pads 64 bit support in sql server microsoft quote, chart has released its second community technology preview ctp for sql server 2005, adding greater performance and 64 bit support for sql server 2005 analysis services and sql server 2005 integration services.
4			system			dvd copying system sparks legal battle it 's a clash between the film industry and a consumer electronics company over a home theatre jukebox. the legal battle is over something called the kaleidescape system.
1			fighting			kenteris keen to clear his name the disgraced greek sprinter, kostas kenteris, has come out fighting over claims that he faked a motorcycle crash to avoid a drug test before the athens olympics.
4			upgrade	software	server	veritas	computing			veritas beefs up utility software strengthining its utility computing software, veritas software on monday released an upgrade to its server provisioning product called opforce.
4			system	linux	standard	source	version			linux group promotes standard version which has been making headway with companies and governments potentially face headaches if the open source operating system fragments into differing and incompatible versions.
3			investor	shareholder			news ltd bows to shareholder demands over move to us the australian council of super investors was one group that had urged news corp to include major provisions of australian corporate law in its proposed new us constitution in order to protect australian shareholders.
3			profit	share	core			ford posts profit, autos disappoint again ford motor co. reported a stronger than expected quarterly profit on tuesday, but losses widened in its core automotive business and the company 's shares sagged after
2			medal	champion	israeli	sport			iranian judoka who refused to fight israeli handed $ 125,000 iran have given judo world champion arash miresmaeili a $ 125,000 reward, saying he sacrificed a gold medal at the athens olympics by refusing to fight an israeli, a sports official said on tuesday.
4			app	system	bea	upgrade	code	server	application	version			bea hails app server upgrade not to be outdone by rival oracle's conference being held a block away, bea systems on monday unveiled version 9.0 of its weblogic server application server, code named diablo.
2			coach	football			solich takes over at ohio university ohio university named former nebraska coach frank solich as its new head football coach during a thursday afternoon press conference.
2			match			halo 2: playing to the bitter end bungie's follow up to its wildly successful shooter provides hours of fun, provided you're not too irritated by the ending or the long wait for a match on xbox live. by lore sjberg.
2			franchise	baseball	sport	switch			swing and miss for d.c. the question of whether baseball will now jerk its franchise out of washington is a mere foregone conclusion. why would baseball come here? we have pulled a bait and switch on the sport.
4			science	scientist	project			saskatoon 's super microscope set to open scientists in saskatoon are set to unveil a synchrotron on friday, a state of the art research facility and canada 's largest science project in 30 years.
2			game			by: jon wilcox the biggest game release in the history of videogames creates a highly entertaining if a little predictable experience... its halo on fire, going 130mph through a hospital zone, being chased by helicopters
3			investor	software	share			oracle extends deadline on peoplesoft bid oracle has extended the deadline for peoplesoft investors to tender their shares in its hostile bid to acquire its business software rival the 11th extension of the offer since oracle launched the bid more than 15 months ago.
2			play	player			picture this: ipods at play, pcs as furniture photo galleries music player is a must have, much loved accessory. will fanciful media center pcs fare as well?
4			nation	flaw	technology			e vote machine certification process criticized the three companies that certify the nation's voting technologies operate in secrecy, and refuse to discuss flaws in the atm like machines to be used by nearly one in three voters in november.
1			leader			expedition to peru finds five new sites an american led expedition discovered five new districts in what its leader described as an ancient jungle metropolis on the slopes of the peruvian andes.
4			microsoft	design	tool	developer	application			microsoft previews developer tools microsoft has previewed whitehorse, a set of visual design tools intended to support the design and validation of web services based applications.
2			hockey	play	night	win	bell	game	sport			canada strikes first: thornton shines in 2 1 win over usa the business of hockey as we know it may be on its last wobbling legs. but the people who play the game of hockey showed just how entertaining the sport could be last night at the bell centre.
4			platform	app	java	system	bea	software	vendor	ship	application			bea systems ships all in one app platform for isvs bea systems inc. on monday unveiled an all in one package of products that make it easier for independent software vendors to build and install web applications on bea 's java based platform.
4			michigan	technology			solution technology is acquired michigan based logicalis paying $ 15.7 million for indianapolis it firm; mindgent spinoff not included in deal. by norm heikens. solution technology inc.
1			leader	leadership			canada failing as environmental leader: report canada is falling behind as an environmental leader because of lack of government leadership, canada 's environment commissioner said tuesday in an annual report.
4			content	suite	enterprise	collaboration	software	management	file			oracle boosts content management in the enterprise oracle yesterday launched its files 10g content management software, which is part of the oracle collaboration suite product line.
4			system			fears for new digital radio system using power lines for the net could disrupt a new digital radio system, a broadcasting conference hears.
4			software	microsoft			microsoft swats at phony coas certificates of authority coas are affixed to software packaging to let buyers know it 's the real thing. but when the coa itself is counterfeit, resellers also feel the pain, microsoft quote, chart found.
2			team	football	championship			cats try to bust out of cellar it may not be for the pac 10 championship, but don 't tell the ua football team that its matchup with washington doesn 't matter.
2			saint	club			harry redknapp is new saints boss the former portsmouth boss has been signed up to the saints for 18 months, replacing steve wigley, who has decided to leave the club.
4			user	ibm	standard	vendor			ibm pc users face uncertain future now that ibm plans to sell its pc division to beijing based lenovo group ltd., the big question is whether the companies can keep users from defecting to other vendors which would put ibm 's once standard setting pcs
4			technology			iran says it won't halt nuclear technology drive iran sunday rejected european demands it abandon sensitive nuclear activities but reiterated its readiness to provide assurances that its atomic ambitions are entirely peaceful.
1			leader	violence			afghans need time, world 's continued help wherever people are given the opportunity to select their leaders for the first time, they will embrace it. they defy all odds violence, threats, the elements, logistical problems to have their say.
4			scientist	technology			antarctic craters reveal strike scientists map enormous impact craters hidden under the antarctic ice sheet using satellite technology.
1			parliament	crisis	reform			reform vote eases crisis in ukraine the bitter political crisis that has gripped ukraine for more than two weeks eased dramatically yesterday as parliament overwhelmingly approved a compromise package of laws strengthening safeguards against electoral fraud while weakening presidential powers.
3			share	trading	stock	price			best price in stock trading, a commitment by the market maker to find the highest price for a seller 's shares, or the lowest price for a buyer, that is available in any market at that time.
4			leadership	computing			name? one day hewlett packards utility data center udc is proof of the companys leadership in the emerging on demand, adaptive computing, pay as you go world.
3			investor			the coming week: street fight with the republican national convention kicking off on monday and a slew of economic reports due out in the week ahead, investors could be in for some rough sledding.
3			investment	developer			westfield, multiplex target duelguide the westfield group, multiplex group and aldersgate investments ltd have entered an agreement to pursue a joint cash offer for duelguide plc, the company which owns uk developer chelsfield plc.
3			growth	buying			eyeing downturn, chip makers trim equipment buying the semiconductor industry is showing the first signs of slowing growth, trimming purchases of raw materials and production equipment as demand slows, industry executives and analysts said on tuesday.
2			coach	football	joe	season			florida a m coach joe won't get extension florida a won't extend the contract of football coach billy joe beyond the 2005 06 season.
4			user	dead	design	technology	developer			lyx wysiwym document processing wysiwyg is dead; long live wysiwym what you see is what you mean! well, perhaps that's an exaggeration. wysiwyg seemed like a great idea last century ; . with all the latest display and print technology, one could craft a document on screen and see it how it would be printed. the wysiwyg paradigm has become so entrenched in ui design it's almost taken for granted by users and developers.
2			champion			agassi discards mr nice guy image ask anyone who knows andre agassi and they will tell you that the bald but brilliant former champion is an awfully nice chap. but there are times when agassi can be positively nasty; cruel even.
4			platform	upgrade	ibm	feature	server	application			websphere gets makeover from ibm ibm nyse: ibm has launched a major upgrade of its websphere flagship middleware product, adding autonomic troubleshooting capabilities and other new features designed to improve performance in the application server platform.
4			hardware	pittsburgh	linux	software	developer			sc2004: pathscale introduces world 's lowest latency cluster ... pittsburgh, sc2004 supercomputing conference, nov. 9 prnewswire pathscale, developer of innovative software and hardware solutions to accelerate the performance and efficiency of linux clusters, announces the pathscale infinipath interconnect.
3			chain			ex macy 's executive to lead jc penney jc penney said yesterday that allen i. questrom, the chief executive who has restyled the once beleaguered chain into a sleeker and more profitable entity, would be succeeded by myron e. ullman iii, another longtime retail executive.
4			system			nobels bring prestige to calif. colleges the university of california system is amassing nobel prizes at campuses once noted more for beer bashes and odd mascots than academic excellence.
4			collaboration	networking	technology	gain	access			alcatel to buy wireless, conferencing companies networking gear maker alcatel on friday announced acquisition plans for a pair of us companies to help it gain access to wireless and collaboration technologies.
2			basketball	medal	team	antonio	win	player	coach	texas	sport			knight blames pampered olympians bob knight said yesterday that the us olympic men's basketball team didn't win the gold medal in athens last month because the players were too pampered on and off the court. the texas tech coach, speaking to the san antonio sports foundation, said things would have been different had he been leading the team instead of larry brown . for ...
4			ibm	software	project	source			ibm promotes open source in india the new open source software resource centre will be funded with $ 1.2 million over three years and will try to promote open source software by establishing a portal for exchanging information on the subject and initiating proof of concept projects.
2			title	sport			like jordan and ruth, hamm has a home in sports lore mia hamm, who will retire on wednesday, influenced millions of people and represented the possibilities available to women after the passage of title ix.
2			victory	tour	cup	game	match			update 1 germany banish world cup ghosts in japan germany banished their 2002 world cup ghosts with a comprehensive 3 0 victory over japan in the first match of their three game tour of asia on thursday.
3			sale			slimmer playstation launched sony has announced a slimmed down playstation 2 in an attempt to boost sales of the console.
4			software			two programs rescue damaged discs you know it's bound to happen: one of the cds you've burned is going to stop working be it from scratches, aging, poor manufacturing or the fact that it was made with old software.
3			sale			supreme court hears arguments on internet wine sales the us supreme court tuesday heard a case about the sale of wine over the internet. the court heard arguments on whether it 's fair for states to ban out of state growers from shipping their products
4			software	file			file sorting software coming of age the holidays are done at last. time to get back to normal. well, perhaps not entirely normal. our computers, after all, are normally in a state of chaos, cluttered with once cherished files that we can't even find anymore.
2			football	team	streak	play	win	high	game			de la salle streak ends at 151 wins clovis west high was hoping to end de la salle 's football winning streak at 152 games when the teams play this weekend in concord.
4			software	microsoft			oracle, peoplesoft key facts following are key facts about oracle, which is the number two global software company behind microsoft, and peoplesoft, a business software firm that agreed monday to be bought after an 18 month battle.
2			game	sale			half life 2 set for november one of the most anticipated computer games of the year, half life 2, is seeing the light of day in november. the game is due to go on sale worldwide on 16 november, its publisher vivendi has announced.
1			leader	country			austrians doubt schwarzenegger's memories historians criticized arnold schwarzenegger for telling the republican national convention that he left a socialist country when he moved away in 1968, noting that austria had conservative leaders during the entire time he lived there.
4			microsystems	desktop	java	system	license	software	alternative	use	source			u.k.'s nhs licenses sun's java desktop system the u.k.'s national health service nhs said this week that it purchased 5,000 licenses for sun microsystems inc.'s java desktop system jds as an alternative to windows, in a move that could potentially open the door for greater use of the open source software by the health agency.
4			server			feds seize indymedia servers the fbi yesterday seized a pair of uk servers used by indymedia, the independent newsgathering collective, after serving a subpoena in the us on indymedia 's hosting firm, rackspace.
2			game	championship	bowl	series			abc shuns bcs abc has pulled its contract offer to the bowl championship series, a move that could result in three of college football's biggest games moving to another network.
4			system	country	technology			cisco sees china as center of world tech market cisco systems inc. chief executive john chambers said china was well on the way to becoming the world's technology hub as he revealed plans for his company's first research center in the country.
2			coach	football			ex nebraska coach solich hired to turn around ohio university former nebraska coach frank solich was introduced on thursday as ohio 's new football coach, returning to the state where he grew up and promising to rebuild a program that went just 11 35 in the past four years.
3			buying	share	profit	stock	earnings	rise			stocks: shares rise on national semiconductor profit new york us stocks were little changed thursday, recovering earlier losses after an upbeat earnings report from the chip maker national semiconductor sparked some buying.
1			minister			politicans killed in indian chopper crash ten people, including a state government minister and two lawmakers, were killed in a helicopter crash in india 's mountainous northeast on wednesday, officials said.
2			boston	baseball	game			welcome change for cabrera let's say boston is the sun of the baseball universe, where hope and criticism burn bright, where a city revolves around the game.
4			virus	software	protection			more mobile anti virus appears trend micro will become the latest major anti virus software company to provide protection against mobile phone viruses with the release today of trend micro mobile security 1.0.
4			design	processor	computing	version			advanced micro plans to show new chip ahead of intel advanced micro devices plans to demonstrate its version of a new approach to processor design on tuesday, with a chip that is expected to offer faster computing and relatively less power consumption.
4			upgrade	technology	development			two year bluetooth roadmap laid out bluetooth short range wireless connectivity is to receive a number of upgrades over the next two years, according to the body that controls development of the technology.
1			party	democrat	reform	gain			schroeder's spd routed in saarland, far right gains german chancellor gerhard schroeder's social democrats slumped to their worst result in 44 years in the western state of saarland on sunday as voters punished the party for its painful economic reforms.
3			system	shareholder			airbus to get go ahead to start marketing a350 airbus, the european aircraft maker, is expected to receive approval within weeks from its shareholders, eads and bae systems, to start marketing the planned a350 mid
3			share			capital radio and gwr to merge capital radio and gwr group say they plan to merge in an all share, nil premium deal that will create the dominant company in the uk radio sector.
4			language	software			a new event in programming? a caltech spinoff's new programming language could make it easier for software to digest rfid data and look for security breaches.
3			sale			'global' vision for mci facing persistent speculation that mci inc. is positioning itself for a sale, the telecommunications company's chief executive, michael d. capellas, insisted yesterday he has ''no intention of breaking the company into pieces that could attract several buyers.
2			brave	game			martyn braves heat, takes test to wire this is turning out to be more like a game of snakes and ladders than anything else. or perhaps an analogy with chess would be better.
4			steel	technology			frozen wooly mammoth arrives in japan world fairs have typically focused on the wonders of the future, highlighting new technologies from glass and steel construction in the 19th century to satellites and computers today. but next year's fair is different.
4			technology			technology firms find tougher terrain entrepreneurs and start ups emerging today find themselves in an environment different from that during the dot com boom.
4			speed	generation	design	software	developer	application			intel intros new flash software with an eye on gaining a stronger foothold in the wireless market, intel has launched new flash memory software, along with a developer toolset, to speed the design and deployment of applications for next generation multimedia phones.
3			fund	trading	share			regulators to widen mutual fund probe misconduct in the u.s. mutual fund industry is not limited to fund share trading; it's not even limited to funds, say market regulators.
4			user	software	spyware			tech group launches anti spyware campaign a prominent internet safety organization and leading computer maker dell inc. dell launched a campaign friday to help consumers fend off spyware, software that can cause sluggish computer performance or popup ads and secretly monitor the activities of internet users...
1			talk			building a fortune fortune brands' ceo talks about the company's history, expansion, and innovation.
2			season			johnson lifts suns past jazz every other suns starter has had his turn to shine in this season 's supernova. it was just a matter of time before johnson stepped into the role of leading man, too.
2			leader	medal	sport	attack			brazil plans appeal for marathon attack brazilian sports officials blamed inadequate course security for a defrocked priest's bizarre attack on the olympic marathon leader, and said monday they will appeal to world track authorities for a duplicate gold medal. the criticism of athens olympic organizers, who have been praised for their overall security, came as former priest cornelius horan was given a one year suspended sentence...
4			holding	technology			truesecure to merge with new york company herndon based information technology security company truesecure is merging with new york based betrusted holdings, creating what the companies say is the largest privately held it security company with $ 160 million in annual revenue.
1			leader			google buys digital mapping company google has bought digital map maker keyhole corp., extending the search engine leader's bid to fend off rivals with a toolbox that can catalog almost anything in the world.
4			software			update 2: computer associates to acquire netegrity computer associates international inc. will acquire netegrity inc. in a $ 430 million cash deal that will merge the computer security software makers, the companies said wednesday.
1			leader	war	terror	debate			in australia: debate hots up australia 's political leaders went head to head yesterday in a national debate dominated by the war on terror as campaigning for the oct 9 polls resumed.
2			stadium			phils wagner livid after getting tossed the cap, glove, water cooler and bag of paper cups billy wagner left in his wake on the shea stadium field saturday explained how he felt about his premature exit.
4			un	technology			iran denounces u.n. demands as 'illegal' iran on sunday denounced as illegal demands from the u.n. atomic watchdog agency that it freeze all work on uranium enrichment technology that can be used for nuclear weapons...
4			generation			singtel's optus, vodafone australia plan shared 3g network singapore telecommunications' australian unit optus and vodafone announced an agreement on rolling out a shared third generation 3g mobile phone network in australia.
2			team	game	football			iowa state ready to face foes from north division after getting knocked around by a pair of south division teams in its first two big 12 football games, iowa state welcomes a little northern exposure this week.
2			basketball	jay	team	captain	player	coach			canada basketball dumps senior men 's national coach jay triano canada basketball dumped jay triano on tuesday after some six years as men 's team head coach and 11 years as a player seven of them as captain.
2			team	race			going the entire distance kantor 's marathon bronze was true team ... when deena kastor rode the bus to the start of sunday 's women 's olympic marathon race, she was jolted by the reality of the time and the place.
4			platform	speed	tool	development	application			macromedia launches flex builder tool macromedia has launched flex builder, a development tool for its flex application development platform. the new tool will help speed creation of rich internet applications, including visual data
4			system	software	linux	vendor	technology	core	source			conectiva, mandrakesoft, turbolinux, progeny form core linux group four linux vendors have joined together to develop technology that would potentially make it easier for software makers to build products for multiple distributions of the open source operating system.
4			system	platform	access			nokia bolsters ssl vpn security nokia has boosted the security and functionality of its secure access system secure socket layer virtual private network vpn platform.
3			stock			small stocks lead the way on wall street when stocks fell into their deepest hole of the year last month, it was the little guys who scrambled out the trenches the quickest.
4			increase	system	feature	switch			cisco switches add 10gige features cisco systems on tuesday beefed up its switching portfolio with several new and upgraded switches and systems designed to make 10gige more affordable, increase availability, boost security, and add power over ethernet features.
3			investment	fund	sale			mergertalk: u.s. distress funds eye germany german banks, looking to put bad investments behind them, are hanging 'for sale' signs on billions of euros in distressed loans in a move that's attracting major u.s. vulture funds.
4			alternative			nokia guns for pda, home surveillance rivals reviving its tradition of finally putting a sensible keyboard onto a phone once all the alternatives have been exhausted nokia launched its 6670 model today.
2			season	sport	mike			rumph likely out for season for 49ers san francisco, ca sports network san francisco cornerback mike rumph is expected to miss the rest of the season with a broken right arm.
3			management	airway			us airways to cut management pay, benefit us airways announced plans tuesday to cut $ 45 million a year in pay and benefits to roughly 3,700 management employees, a move the airline hopes will convince its union employees to collectively accept $ 950 million in annual cost cuts.
3			stock			eu wants fishing ban in fifth of north sea around a fifth of the north sea would be closed to fishing next year under european commission plans for an unprecedented ban to help rescue cod stocks from collapse.
2			sport	minister			india orders olympic dope probe sports minister sunil dutt says action will be taken after two weightlifters fail a drugs test at the athens olympics.
4			share	technology	licensing			sony, samsung agree to share toys sony and samsung have entered into a far reaching technology licensing agreement that opens stacks of each company 's intellectual properties to the other.
3			sale	airway			us airways says not selling aircraft us airways said on saturday it has no current plans to reduce its fleet of aircraft, disputing postings on the internet that the bankrupt carrier has put planes up for sale.
2			stadium			last stand by the jets' defense comes way too early this late in the year, the direct sunlight leaves the field early at giants stadium, even on the brightest days.
3			profit			google bets big on bringing libraries to web google inc. said on tuesday it would digitize some of the world 's most important libraries in a bold effort that could profit the company by attracting more viewers to its site and its ads.
1			talk			possible bank merger: banknorth, td bank are in talks canada 's td bank financial group says it 's discussing a possible transaction with portland, maine based banknorth group.
2			game			hk firm develops cyber girlfriend in the form of a virtual girlfriend. the hong kong company artificial life, which developed the new game, says the girl will appear
3			share			nokia plans 40 new handsets for 2005 nokia corp., the world 's largest mobile phone maker, plans to bring 40 new handsets to the market next year as it seeks to expand its already dominant market share amid increased competition from rivals motorola inc.
2			crowd	stadium	final	game			georgia's seniors show their class when georgia's seniors are introduced before their final game at sanford stadium, the crowd always sends them off with respectful cheers. well, this group should get a rousing ovation.
4			software			oracle gets europe's approval to buy peoplesoft the european commission on tuesday cleared oracle's hostile 7.7 billion bid for rival business software maker peoplesoft, lowering the last antitrust hurdle to the contested deal. there is an absence of sufficient evidence of competitive harm, regulators said in a statement.
2			cup	championship			other drivers feeling left out friday 's qualifying session at talladega superspeedway was a big day for the other guys hose nextel cup drivers who aren 't among the elite 10 in the chase to the championship.
2			sport			distilled spirits can sponsor nascar nascar, a sport whose history was built upon the backs on moonshine runners in the southeast in the 1940s, returned to its roots somewhat wednesday when it announced it would
4			microsoft	technology			microsoft extends overture ad contract yahoo 's overture services division has extended its deal to provide ad placement technology to microsoft web portal , the companies said thursday.
4			platform	software	management	high	storage			hitachi ups high end storage ante the new hds storage platform and software enables extensive virtualization, heterogeneous management and universal storage agnostic replication, hitachi said.
4			user	tool	software	mail			no entry for spam after a couple of days leave, one gets back to work, opens the e mail and starts swearing. you know the reason: spam. except for tech savvy internet users who have installed tools such as spam filtering software
4			standard			consortium forms to set network centric communications standards the network centric operations industry consortium ncoic formally introduced itself this week at a tuesday sept. 28 press conference in washington, dc the new group, consisting initially of 28 companies
1			parliament			macedonians to vote on rights law the macedonian parliament agrees to hold a referendum on a law to give greater power to ethnic albanians.
4			high	region	technology	generation			singtel to launch 3g phones; first in se asia singtel will begin selling high speech third generation mobile phones, or 3g phones, from thursday, making it the first company in the region to sell the new technology.
2			game	sport			moscow details its 2012 olympic bid moscow has promised tight security, more than a dozen new sports facilities, mid range hotel rooms and improvements in the city 's smog belching traffic if it hosts the 2012 olympic games.
4			beat	technology			beat hackers and learn to spy at italy tech fair fingerprint sensors, gadgets to pry open doors and transmitters to spy on unsuspecting targets were among the wizardry on show at the opening of italy's biggest technology fair on thursday.
4			microsoft	software	code	access	source			uk government joins office source code scheme the uk government is at the forefront of a microsoft scheme allowing access to the office 2003 source code. microsoft is to extend a programme offering governments access to its software code, it announced on sunday.
4			content	generation			for younger workers, family matters employers take heed: baby boomers might have been content to put work above all else, but that's not necessarily true of generations x and y.
3			growth	sale			global chip sales to remain flat this quarter new york, november 26 the semiconductor industry association sia expects global semiconductor sales to remain sequentially flat in the current quarter, while reiterating its forecasts of at least 28 y y growth in worldwide chip
4			technology			update 1: jury orders medtronic to pay $ 110 million a federal court jury on tuesday ordered a medtronic subsidiary to pay about $ 110 million in a dispute between the company and a doctor who invented some of its spinal fusion technologies.
1			democrat	pledge	election			republicans push controversial votes flag burning and the words under god in the pledge of allegiance are about to join gay marriage among the volatile issues that congressional republicans have pushed to votes ahead of the election to remind the public how the gop and democrats differ.
4			crm	enterprise	linux	software	application	source	version			sugarcrm sweetens new open source crm product open source software start up sugarcrm inc. will release the first commercial enterprise version of its linux based open source crm application tomorrow, starting at $ 149 per seat for the first year.
3			investor	low	stock			a highflier laid low here is the fundamental question investors ask about individual companies and their stocks every day: what's this business really worth?
4			development	code			mozilla exceptions for some reason i never released this code. i developed it while working on newsmonster and just forgot i think it's an extension for mozilla that allows you to see all runtime exceptions with full stack traces that are unhandled by mozilla. just install it and if your code generates an unhandled exception it will show up in the logs and on the console. very handy for doing any hardcore mozilla development.
4			technology			will wimax replace dsl? despite intel's support of the emerging wireless technology, some doubt its potential.
1			election			judge gives lawyers more time to review evidence in regina election challenge regina cp a judge has given lawyers for former ndp mp dick proctor more time to pore over federal voter lists as they try to force a byelection that could, if successful, ultimately shift the balance of power in the house of commons.
4			system	game	mac	version			apple releases updated os x to fix firewire, game issues apple computer inc. of cupertino, calif., this week released an updater for its mac os x operating system, bringing it to version 10.3.7.
2			night	detroit	sport			editorial: basketbrawl friday night 's basketbrawl in detroit was a shameful chapter in sports history but also a conflagration of many of modern society 's common ailments hair trigger tempers, misplaced hostility, me firstism, emotional immaturity, incivility, lack of self
2			game			people wait overnight to buy sony 's new psp game console they lined up and waited for hours, and in some cases camped out overnight to be the first to own one of sony 's new handheld playstaion portable devices psp in japan on sunday.
1			crisis			locust crisis 'could get worse' the locust crisis that has devastated crops across west africa may be even worse next year, experts warn.
4			developer	system	networking	access			cisco buys security start up cisco systems is making an acquisition designed to reinforce its security lineup, the company said thursday. the networking giant announced it will pay $ 74 million in cash for san francisco start up perfigo, a developer of network access control products.
4			developer	platform	ibm	server			ibm, intel open up blade server specs hoping to accelerate the acceptance of blade servers, ibm and intel on thursday will lay bare their jointly developed technical specifications for its bladecenter platform that will allow developers to customize add on products and solutions.
3			growth	measure	strength	sale	retailer			retailers view mixed holiday forecasts retail sales during the important thanksgiving weekend showed some strength, with sales measures released monday reflecting year over year growth.
3			growth	vendor	sale	infrastructure			networks rescues nokia growth at nokia corp. 's nyse: nok message board networks division continues to keep company net sales afloat, with the finnish vendor today predicting healthy times ahead for the cellular infrastructure market.
4			title	human	technology			loser delivers laughs don't be fooled by the title. dear valued customer, you are a loser is not just hilarious. the book also brings up an interesting question about the relationship between humans and technology. a review by amit asaravala.
1			fighting			battle near southern somali port several somalis are killed in fighting between rival militias near the port city of kismayo.
1			leader	party	top			china 's top leaders meet to improve party 's grip china 's top communist leaders met behind closed doors yesterday for a key meeting aimed at shoring up its ruling capacity amid swirling rumours of the possible retirement of ageing strongman jiang zemin.
2			team	race	season			doornbos handed jordan chance dutchman robert doornbos will drive jordans third car in friday testing for the rest of the season. he takes over from timo glock, who has replaced the axed giorgio pantano in one of the teams race seats see separate story .
4			ibm	software	application	source			ibm contributes speech recognition software to open source ibm nyse: ibm will contribute speech recognition software to the open source community in the hope of promoting standardized and compatible speech enabled applications.
4			vendor	version			palmone denies pocket pc rumors kind of mobile device vendor palmone thursday denied a report that its executives had said the company was developing a pocket pc version of its treo smartphone.
1			presidency	race	election	mar			close two man race for romania 's presidency observers fear that vote tampering will mar results of sunday 's presidential election in romania. the close race is between bucharest 's mayor, traian basescu, a frank talking, hands on
4			britain	technology			britain seeks wave power denmark catches the most wind for power. japan absorbs the most sun. now britain wants to rule the waves. wave and tidal stream machines are the latest exploratory technology
4			use	technology			nokia and philips trial wireless ticketing some german bus commuters will soon be able to use their mobile phones as electronic wallets when a new trial of the technology called near field communications nfc gets underway.
2			team	stadium	morning	football			spartans give boise st. wake up call it seems san jose state is the football team equivalent of a morning person, doing its best work saturday at spartan stadium when many people were still in bed.
3			sale			aerospace firms sales, jobs climb the aerospace industry bounced back this year with record sales and the first upswing in employment in five years as a result of robust defense
2			tournament	game			irans saei adds athens gold to sydney bronze sydney bronze medalist hadi saei from iran won the coveted gold of 68kg taekwondo tournament of 2004 athens olympic games friday.
4			gate	software	microsoft	technology			us need not fear india and china: bill gates berkeley: the us has nothing to fear from rapidly growing technology markets in india and china, bill gates, chairman and chief software architect of microsoft said.
3			good	profit			daimlerchrysler posts $ 1.18b quarterly profit automaking giant daimlerchrysler ag said thursday it earned 951 million euros $ 1.18 billion in the third quarter on good performances from its financial services division and its u.s. chrysler arm, rebounding from a 1.7 billion euro loss a year ago when it had a large one time write off.
3			sale			backing for sale of at wireless federal communications commission chairman michael powell yesterday unofficially recommended that the agency approve cingular wireless proposed $ 41 billion purchase of redmond 's at wireless.
2			football	minister	night	england	sport			appalled caborn to launch protest the sports minister richard caborn joined sven goran eriksson and the football association in condemning the racist chanting that marred the friendly between spain and england last night.
4			alternative			firefox gets ready for ad splash mozilla is kicking off a campaign to promote firefox and its supporters in a new york times advertisement. meanwhile, downloads keep climbing for web browsing alternatives to internet explorer.
2			system	sport			bhb to seek extension of levy system racing 's rulers are to seek government approval to defer the scrapping of the 100million levy scheme in order to secure the future funding of the sport.
2			league	hockey	lockout	nhl	player	game	sport			nhl cancels all star game new york, ny sports network with no sign that the lockout of its players will end in the near future, the national hockey league has cancelled the 2005 all star game.
1			party	fighter	president			zimbabwe 's first woman vp calls for unity a former guerrilla fighter elected as zimbabwe 's first woman vice president called for unity in the ruling party after a divisive power struggle over her nomination for the
4			price	hardware	server			dell cuts prices on corporate hardware dell on monday dropped prices on select servers, workstations, desktops, and laptops aimed at corporate customers, saying it was passing along lower component costs to buyers.
4			alternative	networking	technology	access			wireless alternative to dsl mooted networking outfit netgear said it is planning to release stuff using a wireless technology that 's an alternative to dsl and cable internet access.
4			platform	region	technology			seven asian mobile phone companies link seven mobile phone companies with a subscriber base of 56 million across asia announced on wednesday a joint venture that will develop technology to build a common service platform across the region.
2			team	country	franchise			melbourne, perth invited to apply for super 14 rugby franchise the australian rugby union invited melbourne and perth to bid for the country 's fourth super 12 franchise from 2006 when the annual rugby competition expands to 14 teams.
3			system	earnings			eds postpones third quarter release electronic data systems corp., a provider of outsourced computer services, said wednesday that it is further delaying the release of its third quarter earnings pending a review of charges related to its navy marine corps intranet account.
3			growth			report shows sluggish job growth employment grew by 96,000 jobs last month, the labor department reported friday, well below the level needed to keep pace with the expansion in the labor force and presenting a weak picture
1			party	good	president			clinton in good spirits before surgery former president bill clinton was in good spirits saturday, walking around his hospital room in street clothes and buoyed by thousands of get well messages as he awaited heart bypass surgery early this coming week, people close to the family said. clinton was expected to undergo surgery as early as monday but probably tuesday, said democratic party chairman terry mcauliffe, who said the former president was upbeat when he spoke to him by phone friday...
4			user	platform	generation	software	linux			nec, panasonic jointly develop linux based platform for mobile phones japanese electronics giants nec corp. and panasonic mobile communications said they have jointly developed a linux based software platform which offers third generation mobile phones users more services on their handsets.
4			software	mac	application	developer			blackberry in sync with apple computers information appliance associates, a software developer, announced the release of an application synchronizing research in motion 's rim blackberry mobile devices with apple 's mac os x.
1			terror	leadership	election	general	fighting	president			indonesians begin voting in landmark election indonesians began voting on monday in a landmark election and are expected to throw out president megawati sukarnoputri and install an ex general vowing firmer leadership in fighting terror and boosting the economy.
1			leader	tension			gaddafi to compensate libyan jews for lost homes libyan leader muammar gaddafi, easing his country's way back into the international fold, on tuesday became the first arab leader to promise compensation for jews who were forced from their homes due to religious tension.
4			beat	technology			a big beat for cardiodynamics the medical device maker receives fda clearance for new heart monitoring technology.
3			investor	sale			roechlings sell rheinmetall stake for $ 743 million, people say germany 's roechling family completed the sale of its stake in weapons maker rheinmetall ag to institutional investors for 561 million euros $ 743 million , people familiar with the transaction said.
1			election			florida says e vote primary a ok the touch screen voting machines used in 15 florida counties appear to work smoothly during the state's primary election tuesday.
3			trading	share			lend lease, stockland, gpt under trade halts some of australia 's biggest property interests have placed their shares under a trading halt amid speculation of further major consolidation in the sector.
2			lab	game			lab to study emotion of gaming experts are to study the sweaty palmed excitement of people playing their computer and console games.
3			shareholder			disney 's board on trial as shareholders launch case walt disney co. 's board of directors went on trial on wednesday, on shareholder accusations that it merely rubberstamped a decision to hire michael ovitz and allowed
4			tool			briefly: real touts one week, 1 million songs roundup plus: chipmaker fujitsu prepares wimax extends opsware signs up for omniture traffic tool.
4			cell			gaming cell phone: take two nokia 's n gage qd addresses many of its predecessor 's problems, but it 's still a big phone. nokia 's n gage gaming cell phone was the gigli of the tech world when it first came out last year.
4			system	software	vendor	share			sungard will spin off disaster recovery unit sungard data systems inc. plans to split into two companies, spinning off a disaster recovery services unit using a tax free distribution of shares to stockholders, the software and services vendor said monday.
1			election			alaska judge orders ballots reprinted a superior court judge on wednesday ordered the state to rewrite, reprint and redistribute all its ballots for the nov. 2 election, saying the wording of a ballot initiative was inaccurate and biased.
4			app	enterprise	software	erp	application			edge dynamics launches new breed of enterprise app enterprise software takes an evolutionary step forward as edge dynamics and tibco software develop software that combines elements of both erp and bi applications.
2			coach			probe expanded into greek sprinters crash, coach 's past the state drug agency asked for a warrant friday to search a warehouse belonging to the coach of two disgraced greek sprinters who withdrew from the olympics after they missed a doping test.
4			gate	share	microsoft	system	software	version			custom channel gets media center os microsoft 's chairman and chief software architect bill gates will share the stage on tuesday with nearly 15 system builders in a program to officially launch microsoft 's latest version of its windows xp media center edition 2005 operating system.
4			measure	rating	technology			a radio challenge to arbitron a new service will measure radio audiences in cars, combining global positioning technology and tracking of the radio dial to challenge arbitron, the dominant radio ratings provider.
4			grid	enterprise	emc	technology	core	computing	project			oracle, dell, intel, and emc join to develop megagrid san francisco, calif. oracle, dell, intel, and emc are joining forces on a project aimed at combining their core technologies and technical resources to develop an enterprise grid computing
1			party	election			rightists make strong strides in eastern german state elections far right parties made their strongest showing in six years in german state elections on sunday, as voters reacted against chancellor gerhard schrder 's governing party after sharp cutbacks in welfare benefits.
4			license	technology			promos to pay infineon dram license fees promos technologies has agreed to pay infineon technologies license fees for 0.17 , 0.14 and 0.11 micron dram trench technologies.
2			champion			gronholm has narrow australia lead finland 's marcus gronholm holds the early lead after the first stage of the rally of australia. double world champion gronholm 's peugeot was fastest around the 2.34km city circuit in the
4			forecast	technology			worldwide technology nintendo triples shipment forecast previous forecasts projected that shipments of nintendo 's new ds handheld would reach 1 million by year end. however, during thanksgiving week, the company sold half a million of the devices
2			play			when beethoven plays, it 's time to take note of the bios whether i m on the internet or not, there is a noise that comes out of my computer like a cat crying. that 's not a cat. it 's supposed to be beethoven.
3			earnings			eds delays earnings again auditor kpmg says it isn't ready. struggling it services giant is also probing its bonus plan.
4			software	technology			unanet's software lets managers watch work in progress for about a decade, frances b. craig looked for a product to build her company around. she had started an information technology consulting company but missed building software to help companies operate efficiently.
3			shareholder	chain			foodland says don 't sell australasian grocer foodland associated which owns major chains in new zealand says the hostile takeover bid by rival metcash is complex and risky, and is urging shareholders not to act on the $ 920 million bid.
4			development			the technologist who has michael powell's ear robert pepper is the fcc's chief of policy development and that makes him a very influential man in washington these days.
2			coach	football			bianchi turns down argentine coach post jose pekerman is to be offered the job of argentinian football coach after carlos bianchi turned it down it was announced on wednesday.
2			cavalier	team	night	value	game	exhibition			celtics loudest after the game the most intense action last night occurred in the corridor between the locker rooms when a fight erupted between the teams after the cleveland cavaliers defeated the celtics, 95 88, in an exhibition game at value city arena.
4			speed	technology	networking	mail	developer	standard			enter your e mail: this has been a big week for future technology in san francisco: intel filled much of moscone center with the intel developer forum, its technical conference on the cool stuff it has up its sleeve, from cpu speed bumps to new wireless networking standards
2			affair	title	champion	morning	win	sport			gold a family affair for champion newbery chantelle newbery gave up diving after her son was born, but she returned to the sport, and on monday morning she became the first australian to win an olympic diving title in 80 years.
4			user	microsoft	software	application	spyware			microsoft dodges anti spyware charge accusations according to a story on cnn 's web site, the software giant 's recent acquisition of anti spyware company giant might mean users have to pay in order to benefit from the added security to microsoft applications.
4			software			software promises to read want ads for you tired of combing the net for the right tech job? a start up says its program can do it and better than online job boards.
4			software	management			manufacturer gets help managing product information brady corp. turns to product information management software from fulltilt solutions so it can more easily handle information on thousands of products. the software also helps brady manage its online catalog.
3			sale	gain			oracle seeks sales gain by wooing clients oracle corp chief executive larry ellison, who last week won a federal judge 's support for his us $ 7.7 billion bid for peoplesoft inc, now needs to woo peoplesoft customers to complete his plan to boost sales.
1			leader	cabinet	debate			russian cabinet backs pact on climate change after years of debate among political and economic leaders here, the russian cabinet on thursday endorsed the 1997 kyoto accord on global climate change.
4			system	platform	software	developer			cisco pays $ 200 million for software ip developer p cube the shopping spree continues at cisco systems inc., which said monday aug. 23 it would buy privately held p cube inc., a developer of ip service platforms.
2			player	game			computer game in which players shoot at jfk goes too far three years ago, the city lost its legal battle to remove violent video games from public arcades in indianapolis. as defeats go, this one was in some respects a crusher.
4			generation			icann readies for next generation net international body in charge of doling out ip addresses is set to give out new ipv6 addresses.
3			fund	trading	stock			ftse 100 opens higher the ftse 100 has opened higher, with financial stocks in demand after a well received trading statement from hedge fund firm man group.
4			technology			micron plans china plant micron technology, the worlds number two maker of computer memory chips, is planning to build its first plant in china by 2005.
1			talk			alitalia unions force new talks with carrier alitalia said monday that it would meet with union representatives after nine labor groups demanded that the airline tell them its strategic and organizational plans, and called for government intervention in further talks.
1			journalist	election	finance			review: campaign finance web sites as a washington journalist during the 90s, i made frequent treks to the federal election commission to inspect cabinets full of campaign finance reports to find out who was giving to whom.
2			manchester	united	election	sport			united directors ousted by glazer us sports tycoon malcolm glazer has three manchester united directors ousted from the board after voting against their re election.
4			microsystems	generation	system	software	development	price			sun microsystems' new software to be free after investing roughly $ 500 million and spending years of development time on its next generation operating system, sun microsystems inc. today will reveal an aggressive price for the software: it's free.
2			player	saint			lds church now a major player among nebraska landowners the lds church has bought a large part of a western nebraska ranch, becoming one of the state 's largest landowners. the church of jesus christ of latter day saints recently paid $ 17.
2			cricket	win	sport			sky wins exclusive cricket contract sky has been awarded exclusive rights to show cricket, strengthening its hold over televised sports. in a move that has received a mixed response from licensees, the broadcaster has added cricket to a growing
2			stadium	cub			big apple sweet to lee, cubs the ghost of tommie agee hovered over the cubs house of horrors known as shea stadium. the cubs will never exorcise the demons of 1969, when they saw their seemingly
4			microsoft	upgrade	virus	software	spyware	computing			computer q a: tips on installing windows xp sp2 it seems that microsoft 's new upgrade to windows is making some people nervous. that 's not surprising, as home and office computing environments are just not as friendly as they used to be due to viruses and spyware. even the software we ...
4			platform	hardware	system	design	linux	software	license	vendor	source			chinese vendor offers linux mobile platform after launching two of the world's first linux smart phones, china's e28 ltd. is now offering handset manufacturers the opportunity to license its software and hardware designs based on the increasingly popular open source operating system.
4			generation			next generation tv streams over phone lines television junkies of the world, get ready for friends, big brother and the simpsons to phone home.
2			dame	coach	game	team			stanford notebook gilbertson gives edge to stanford washington coach keith gilbertson, whose team lost to notre dame and stanford the past two weeks, thinks stanford 3 1 might have some advantages in its game saturday at notre dame 3 2 .
4			system	upgrade	application	adobe			adobe announces photoshop elements 3.0 adobe systems inc. today introduced photoshop elements 3.0, a major upgrade to its consumer level photo editing application.
4			gate	united	microsoft	software	technology			bill gates: u.s. need not fear overseas tech the united states has nothing to fear from rapidly growing technology markets in china and india, bill gates, chairman and chief software architect of microsoft corp. said on friday.
1			reform			chinese advocates of reform seek help from deng's spirit china's retired elders are using the 100th anniversary of deng xiaoping's birthday to emphasize the urgency of political reform.
4			buying	use	inventory	technology			synxis to be bought for $ 40 million in buying the mclean firm, sabre would get 6,000 small and medium size hotels as customers, as well as the technology they use to track inventory, book guests online and connect to internet reservation services, including sabre's travelocity.
4			software			nokia phones to get blackberry touch the finnish phone giant is only the latest to make its devices compliant with research in motion's wireless service and software.
3			management			deal for cigna bond unit bear stearns companies said tuesday that its asset management arm had agreed to acquire the timessquare capital management bond business of the cigna corporationin new york.
4			patent	infringement	technology	lawsuit			mosaid says court denies samsung sanction appeals mosaid technologies inc. said on wednesday that a judge has denied an appeal by samsung electronics co. of two remaining sanctions tied to a patent infringement lawsuit.
4			user	low	amd	technology	access			amd rolls out low cost net access device in india u.s. chip maker advanced micro devices has unveiled a low cost internet access device that could cost just a few hundred dollars, aimed at first time technology users in the developing world.
1			talk			mitsubishi motors, daimlerchrysler reviewing partnership mitsubishi motors corp. suggested thursday it is in talks with daimlerchrysler ag to review the existing partnership arrangements between them.
4			networking			fujitsu and cisco form strategic alliance for advanced internet ... a router is a computer networking device that forwards data packets toward their destinations through a process known as routing. routing occurs at layer 3 of the osi seven layer model.
3			share	expo	vendor	enterprise			vendors address productivity, convergence at wireless expo the enterprise makes way for mobile video as wimax advances, palm's new treo 650 and windows mobile productivity all share the stage at the ctia wireless show in san francisco.
3			team	investment	trading	holding			midland f1 team to enter f1 in 2006 a new team, midland f1, has announced that it will make its formula one debut in 2006. backed by the midland group, a privately owned international trading and investment holding organisation, midland f1 is
4			license	software	microsoft	feature			microsoft lands us air force the us air force has awarded a multiyear contract that calls for microsoft to consolidate 38 various software license agreements and tighten security features.
2			football	jason	captain	england	sport			robinson glad to be in rugby not football england rugby union captain jason robinson has said he is thankful the kind of racist incidents recently experienced in football had no place in his sport.
4			desktop	app	tool	linux	software	management	server			xandros unveils linux desktop management server app the new xandros desktop management server software gives it administrators the tools needed to roll out, configure and maintain mass deployments of linux equipped pcs.
2			coach	ram	game	master			shawsheen masters minuteman perhaps the loudest statement to come out of shawsheen's 48 0 drubbing of previously undefeated minuteman came as ram coach al costabile was addressing his squad following the game.
3			shareholder			oracle 's fight to the finish sure, the peoplesoft board told shareholders to just say no. this battle will go down to the wire, and even afterward ellison could prevail.
4			microsoft	software	alternative			will microsoft makes its browser better? success of alternative apps like firefox may be putting pressure on the software giant.
2			run	game			'great escape' from athens runs smoothly hundreds of thousands of olympic athletes and visitors began what greek media termed the great escape from athens monday, an exodus that has so far run as smoothly as the games themselves.
4			good	code			geeks code for the gold if your idea of a good workout is a vigorous code debugging session, you probably made plenty of snarky comments during the summer olympics last month.
4			evolution	software			unveils site aimed at providing on demand call ... inc. took the next step in its evolution wednesday, introducing a new site, that 's designed to provide on demand call center and customer service software along
2			championship	team	play	good	piston			upcoming slate offers opportunity this would be a good time for the pistons to build a winning record as they try to regain their championship form. in the next eight days, they play four teams with losing or .500 records.
2			auto	beat	game			so much fun, it 's criminal comedian bruce daniels once opened a show with a rant against the video game grand theft auto: there 's this game that encourages you to pick up hookers, engage in sex, beat them then rob them
4			sharing	file	technology			sony ready to join music file sharing the world 's largest music company is discussing ways to distribute its songs through grokster and other internet file swapping services, a deal that would embrace a technology long under legal assault by the recording industry.
2			fan	race			yacht race sails onto mobiles fans of sailing can watch one competitor in the vendee globe challenge from the convenience of their mobile.
4			user	software	symantec	access			symantec: anti blocking software is a trojan according to a report in the financial times, symantecs local office has announced that a program called freegate, which allows users in china to access government blocked web sites, should be considered a trojan horse.
1			war			the browser wars are back? jpkunst writes zdnet uk reports and report that, according to netscape founder marc andreessen, whose comments came during a discussion with yahoo chief operating officer dan rosensweig at the web 2.0 conference in san francisco on wednesday
1			fighting			battle over website address an internet entrepreneur today claimed he was fighting a david versus goliath battle with computer giant apple over the ownership of a website address.
4			hardware	microsoft	system	tool	software	single	management	patch	server	application			dell and microsoft integrate patch management apps dell and microsoft are working together to integrate their systems management applications to allow customers to update server hardware and software with a single tool.
2			play			fog delays start of play in kanpur test dense fog delayed the start of the third day 's play in the first test between india and south africa on monday. the visibility was improving but the groundsmen were busy mopping
4			institute	linux	technology	source			why the open source model can work in india an indian institute of technology professor and open source evangelist discusses the role of linux and open source in india. by larry greenemeier.
4			gate	system	ibm	feature	gain			ibm 's meyerson: chip industry needs a plan b the days of relying on shrinking transistors to achieve performance gains are over, and the chip industry needs to enter a new era of innovation where system level features are just as important as thinner transistor gates, said ibm corp.
4			ibm	talk	technology			china 's lenovo in talks with major it firm for acquisition shanghai : china 's largest manufacturer of personal computers lenovo group said it is in negotiations with a major information technology company, believed to be us based ibm.
4			police	technology	identification			police videos end live id parades the tradition of identification parades at the police station is to end as technology takes over.
2			basketball	jersey	team	playoff	club	game			nets waive veteran guard harris the national basketball association's new jersey nets waived 33 year old guard lucious harris, whose 54 playoff games with the team tied the most in club history.
4			linux	ibm	software	hardware			ibm gathers asian backers for its power chip push ibm plans to unveil on thursday a group of partners to promote its power computer chips in a range of electronics, seeking to bring the community minded innovation of linux software to hardware.
3			exchange	chain	share			viacom starts blockbuster exchange offer viacom inc. viab.n: quote, profile, research has begun a share exchange offer to split off its blockbuster inc. bbi.n: quote, profile, research unit and put the video rental chain
1			democrat	election	opposition	defeat			a sea change in slovenia ljubljana, slovenia after more than a decade of almost continual rule, slovenia 's center left liberal democrats face a spell in opposition in the wake of a surprise defeat in the parliamentary elections on 3 october.
4			tool	microsoft			microsoft, yahoo extend contract for web ads the move comes at a time when microsoft is sharpening its own tools and expertise in the area.
2			race	club	fighting	park	cup			runner for the ages it is a tribute to his fighting spirit that evening attire, at the relatively advanced age of 6, is still a serious factor in a $ 1 million race. he is a force to be reckoned with in tomorrow's jockey club gold cup at belmont park, an event he won in 2002, and he is going to keep racing as long ...
4			speed	generation	morning	technology	high	access			02 announces european 3g network launch mobile operator 02 's parent mmo2 has this morning announced the launch its third generation european data network. the network will incorporate hsdpa high speed downlink packet access technology and ims
4			tool	software	microsoft	race			google's new tool brings search home google inc. released free software yesterday that lets people simultaneously search the web and their personal computers for information, a move analysts described as a potential blow to rivals microsoft corp. and yahoo inc. in the race to woo more searchers.
4			user	computing			seybold: pda users will support wi fi costs mobile computing pioneer andrew seybold says pda users will pay the freight to keep wi fi networks in business. he also weighs in on other wireless trends at the ctia wireless show in san francisco.
4			ibm	computing			lenovo reveals ibm warranty costs rising steadily in detailing its agreement to acquire ibm's personal computing division, china's lenovo group revealed data about growing warranty costs for big blue's pc business, and in doing so raised questions about quality control issues.
2			career			adv: free career test considering a career change? take this simple test to find your true talent and matching colleges. start your future today.
4			system	processor	pentium	technology			intel upclocks pentium m intel is shipping a new mobile processor built on 90nm process technology that clocks up to 2.1ghz. the pentium m 765 includes 2mb of integrated l2 cache and a power optimized 400mhz system bus and enhanced speedstep power saving technology.
2			jay	stadium	team			team spends $ 21.24 million for skydome the toronto blue jays agreed to buy skydome, the team 's ballpark, for about $ 21.24 million. the 50,000 seat stadium, which opened in 1989, cost about $ 375 million to construct and was mostly funded by taxpayers.
1			opposition			rock to the rescue of malaysia taking a break from fiery sermons, malaysias fundamentalist islamic opposition group enlisted rock singers to loosen up its image.
4			outsourcing	system	management			cisco buys it management start up it management is firmly anchored at number six, with outsourcing, cost control, and process improvement the order of the day. cisco systems signed an agreement on wednesday to acquire network management start up jahi networks for $ 16 million.
2			leader	team			uh professor reports cosmic collision a team of astronomers, whose leader teaches at the university of hawaii, has observed a head on collision of two galaxy clusters, in which trillions of stars have been smashed together.
4			patent	infringement	technology			nokia seeks injunctions against vitelcom nokia corp. said thursday it has filed patent infringement complaints against vitelcom of spain over nokia 's gsm and gprs technologies.
1			parliament	president			barroso sees clutch of changes jos manuel duro barroso, the incoming president of the european commission, is expecting to have to make a clutch of changes to the line up of his executive if he is to get it past a rebellious european parliament.
1			victory	election			karzai en route to victory in poll; qanooni pledges to accept result yunus qanooni, hamid karzai's chief rival in afghanistan's presidential election, said he will accept the outcome, as karzai swept the country's south and southeast en route to outright victory.
2			club			forbes list has most billionaires ever it looks like the u.s. billionaire's club isn't quite as exclusive as it once was...
4			ibm	software			ca reportedly set to name new chief computer associates, the beleaguered maker of corporate software, will tap a longtime ibm executive as its new chief, according to a published report monday.
4			software	piracy			us court: software can 't commit piracy truly decentralised peer to peer p2p software can 't be held accountable for its misuse, according to a us federal appeals court.
2			united	hit	season	player	game			nov launch for dual screen game boy seeking to head off a challenge from video game rival sony corp, nintendo said on tuesday that its dual screen ds game boy player will hit stores in the united states just in time for the crucial holiday shopping season.
4			ball	engineer	technology			comet crashing mission prepped for launch engineers here at ball aerospace technologies corporation are readying nasa's deep impact mission for shipping this month to cape canaveral, florida.
4			cell			annual cell phone guide fast forward columnist rob pegoraro was online to discuss the washington post's annual cell phone guide.
3			system	earnings			eds takes 3q loss electronic data systems corp., which has delayed its quarterly earnings three times, reported larger third quarter losses after taking a $ 375 million charge on its beleaguered navy contract.
2			celebration	game	country			they flocked from games during yesterday's celebration of the assumption of the virgin mary, the greek orthodox clergy had a stern reminder for the organizers of the olympic games: no matter what the advertisements and speeches say about greece's modern, western orientation, this country is still the domain of its decidedly traditional, ubiquitous state sanctioned religion. speaking over the byzantine chants of a ...
1			leader	measure	election	reform	president	opposition			ukraine leader agrees on measures for fair vote ukraine's outgoing president leonid kuchma said on tuesday he had agreed to sack the central election commission and support election law reform both key opposition demands to end mass protests against a rigged vote.
4			system	management	application	developer			sap to speech enable applications on wednesday sap moved one step closer to voice enabling its applications by signing a deal with voiceobjects, a developer of voice application management systems.
2			league	baseball	player	game	sport			sen. mccain calls on baseball to restore the integrity sen. john mccain demands that major league baseball 's players and owners tighten the sport 's drug testing policy to restore the integrity of the game.
3			share			sirius losses adding up for its third quarter ended sept. 30, the new york satellite radio broadcaster lost $ 169 million, or 14 cents a share. that compares with a year ago loss of $ 107 million, or 11 cents a share.
2			cup	game	england			key battles in england v wales game england will be determined to restore their battered reputation when their 2006 world cup qualifying campaign resumes with a mouth watering clash against wales at old trafford this weekend.
3			minority	shareholder	enterprise			cox parent to buy out public shareholders cox enterprises, the privately held parent of the cable giant cox communications, reached an agreement yesterday to buy out the public minority shareholders in its cable business for $ 8.
4			lab			upping the ante to lower cholesterol uh oh, your lab results are back and your cholesterol's in the danger zone. your doctor has given you an ultimatum: start exercising and watch your diet or you'll have to start taking a cholesterol busting statin drug. millions of american adults are being handed the same marching orders whip those cholesterol numbers into shape or go on a prescription medication.
2			game			midway could be viacom acquisition target media conglomerate viacom inc. viab.n is considering expanding into the video game business and could acquire publisher midway games inc. mwy.n , according to a regulatory filing on friday by viacom chief sumner redstone, who owns a controlling stake in midway.
4			user	file	software	sale			software tackles digital photo proliferation now that digital cameras have overtaken film cameras in sales, users are beginning to encounter a familiar problem what to do with the bulging image files and folders filling up computer hard drives?
2			championship			streeter lecka getty images it 's happening again. the curse of the nfc championship is alive and well. by now, you know how it goes: one year you re the conference champs, the next year you re conference chumps.
4			microsoft	enterprise	tool	development	feature	code			.net development gets new tools, code initiative avanade on monday is partnering with microsoft to release enterprise library, which features reusable code, tools, and guidance intended to make it easier to develop in the .net environment.
4			robot	earth	secret	technology			alien aims to multiply and thrive in the lobby of alien technology, giant statues of robbie the robot and klaatu from the day the earth stood still stand guard over the reception area. hanging on one doorway leading to the inner sanctum is a sign that reads: area 52. restricted area. secret research facility.
3			good	retailer	president			american named president of gucci brand gucci group, the luxury goods division of french retailer pinault printemps redoute sa, on monday appointed mark lee, an american, as president and managing director of its star gucci brand.
4			generation			vodafone rings in changes with launch of 3g handsets vodafone yesterday began its major push into the market for third generation mobile phones with plans to launch 10 handsets before christmas.
2			game	title	access			missouri pulls video games from prison prison officials are no longer allowing missouri's most violent criminals to have access to video games with titles like hitman: contracts.
3			sale			update 1: eli lilly plans to eliminate 575 jobs eli lilly and co. said thursday it will eliminate 575 jobs to streamline operations and become more competitive. the employees in those positions, mostly sales and support jobs, will be given the choice of
4			software	microsoft	card			microsoft sends digital business cards new interconnect 2004 software automatically updates contact info.
4			aid	sale	technology			google starts a service to aid online book sales frankfurt google has introduced a search technology to help publishers sell books online, a fast growing market dominated by amazon.
2			cup	team	sport			spring change slows cup cars a bit in yet another step to keep its nextel cup teams from getting too creative, nascar handed out rear springs friday to be used in qualifying for the ea sports 500 at talladega superspeedway.
1			country	election	party	victory	president	win			swapo party wins namibia elections namibian president sam nujoma 's chosen successor, hifikepunye pohamba, has won a landslide victory with 75 of the vote in the country 's third elections since independence, according to official results.
4			microsoft	system	software	linux	alternative	use			intel helping clients in asia to use linux intel, the world 's biggest semiconductor maker, said it is helping chinese and indian customers build personal computers that use the linux operating system, an alternative to microsoft 's windows software.
2			career			new tee will try to hold its own many times in his career as a passionate golfer, pat grant had made a tee time. he had never spent any time thinking about a tee, however.
2			cell	game			multiplayer games coming to cell phones as millions buy increasingly powerful cell phones, many companies are racing to develop video games to take advantage of the newfound portability.
2			cup	game	football	qualifier			sfa delay moldova decision the scottish football association will focus their attention on the world cup qualifier against slovenia on wednesday before deciding on any action for the game in moldova next month.
4			ibm	top	technology			logicalis buys solution technology datatec international, the global arm of information technology group datatec dtc , has announced that its subsidiary logicalis has acquired solution technology inc sti a privately held ibm solution provider and one of ibm 's top 10 business partners
4			management	technology			marriage between security, business needs kuala lumpur: computer associates international inc has announced a new technology model that aligns security management with business needs.
2			ibm	sport			ibm adjusts to harsh pc market perhaps it isn't quite as surprising as if ford motorco. suddenly decided to sell the mustang sports car brand to hyundai. but ibm's decision to sell its pc business to china's lenovo group underscores the challenges that manufacturers face in the modern pc business, even for a company synonymous with the product.
4			desktop	microsoft	team	software	technology			microsoft takes on itunes microsoft plans to launch an online music store. also: copernic technologies releases free desktop search software hellip;. hitachi, matsushita electric industrial and toshiba team up to make displays for flat screen tvs hellip;. and more.
4			run	technology	switch			3com buys net phone business 3com, which makes switches that run corporate data networks, said monday that it would buy tippingpoint technologies for $ 430 million to add products that bolster security for internet based telephone networks.
2			club			clubs to be named for socialite hilton paris hilton knows something about nightclubs, so it makes sense the hotel heiress is the inspiration for a handful of clubs that will bear her name...
4			desktop	design			gateway rolls out cool but quiet desktop gateway inc. is rolling out a new desktop computer aimed specifically at the retail market featuring the new btx design that improves cooling and noise reduction capabilities.
3			profit			carnival on song as quarterly profits break $ 1bn barrier carnival, the worlds largest cruise line, yesterday posted record quarterly profits and said the performance underlined the success of its merger with p o princess last year.
4			technology			it's not exclusive, but it's lucrative: why luxe went online class has been transformed by technology and consumers who are as well informed as they are impatient.
1			leader	region			polar people will need to adapt the four million inhabitants of the arctic will have to change their way of life if warming trends in the region continue apace, leaders have warned.
4			inventory	technology			symbol to delay results, cites inventory reporting errors symbol technologies said today that it will delay filing its third quarter results for two weeks, and it revised results for the first nine months of the year downward by $ 13.3 million because of errors in how inventory levels were reported.
1			president			prodi unveils plan to ease deficit rules european commission president romano prodi has unveiled proposals to loosen the deficit rules under the eu stability pact. the loosening was drafted by monetary affairs commissioner joaquin almunia, who stood beside the president at the announcement.
2			game	england	race			jets solid showing bodes well for their future so the jets lost a tough game at new england, 13 7. that 's no reason to believe they won 't be a factor in the afc east race and perhaps beyond.
4			patent	technology	lawsuit			cisco target of patent lawsuit a small company claims that cisco stole its intelligent routing technology, and the company's lawyer is looking for a big pay out.
4			standard			fox calls for court review of standards fox broadcasting co. is appealing a record setting $ 1.18 million fine for airing racy fare on a show called married by america, saying the government's indecency rules for broadcast television are unconstitutional because they don't apply to cable and satellite television.
2			football	midfielder	team	arsenal	sport			pires will be fined for logo gaffe arsenal midfielder robert pires is in hot water again with the french football federation who have announced that he will be fined for wearing the logo of a different sports company to the team 's official sponsor adidas.
3			chain			grocer winn dixie to name new ceo wsj winn dixie stores inc. is ousting its chief executive frank lazaran and replacing him with peter lynch, a former executive at the albertsons inc. supermarket chain, the wall street journal reported on friday.
4			drop	technology			hp drops plans to put compaq technology into hp ux hewlett packard co. hp has abandoned plans to integrate a number of advanced technologies it acquired in its 2002 purchase of compaq computer corp.
3			earnings			navy charge delays eds earnings eds, which initially delayed its earnings release on 25 october, said the latest delay comes because it and auditor kpmg need time to finish assessing the timing and amount of the charge .
3			stock			stocks to watch oracle corp. :
2			game			cryptic to marvel comic: gold digger 's claims without merit cryptic studios responded on its company website to threats that marvel comics would be suing them on likeness rights regarding its on going massively multiplayer super hero themed role playing game city of heroes: as reported by the
1			democrat	president	election			clinton tells democrats to work on image former president clinton has a message for democrats inconsolable after president bush's re election: buck up. it's not that bad. you need to improve your image.
3			growth	sale	earnings			eli lilly expects earnings growth in 2005; accelerated newer drug ... new york, december 9 eli lilly and co guided to earnings growth in 2005 today, driven by the accelerating sales of its newer drugs.
4			linux	software	source	switch			paris considers linux move the city of paris intends to reduce its dependence on software suppliers with de facto monopolies , but considers an immediate switch of its 17,000 desktops to open source software too costly.
3			stock			nutraceutical is still very healthy the company's stock has had a rough few months, but the business still looks strong.
2			baseball	winter	sport			vegas mayor brings glitz to the show mayor oscar goodman crashed baseball 's winter meetings on saturday with some shiny baubles and proposed to the sport in a manner befitting brittany spears more than bud selig: let 's go to vegas and get married.
3			investor			marriage does not guarantee happiness in the world of retailing, there is no such thing as too big to fail, as investors have often learned to their sorrow.
2			coach	stadium	top			doba: roll the dice against the no. 1 trojans this is the week washington state coach bill doba becomes a gambler. when top ranked southern california 7 0, 4 0 pac 10 visits martin stadium on saturday, it will be the first time a no.
4			user	platform	microsoft	version			web hosting through windows microsoft announced the microsoft solution for windows based hosting version 3.0 on tuesday, touting it as a flexible, modular platform with new out of the box services that enable users to roll out hosted offerings faster and cheaper.
3			application	sale			touts customer service apps seeking to diversify beyond its sales force automation roots, on wednesday introduced a new on demand call center and help desk application service called supportforce.
2			minnesota	sport			not the next big thing: vikings cut lesnar eden prairie, minn. sports network the minnesota vikings released former professional and amateur wrestling star brock lesnar monday.
1			leader	stem	debate			on italian isle, migrant debate sharpens focus with hundreds crossing the mediterranean, european leaders have been sparring over a plan to stem the flow of asylum seekers.
2			play	championship			goosen brings a sparkle to the gloom with overnight rain causing a 2 hour delay to the start of play in the hsbc world matchplay championship at wentworth, retief goosen did his bit to help to make up ground.
4			platform	suite	system	bea	feature	technology	core	application	version			bea 's weblogic bolsters partners offerings bea systems inc. is planning to release this week a new version of its application suite targeted at its isv partners. weblogic platform isv edition is an integrated suite that features core bea technology
1			president			johnson boss to fill big shoes at nike william perez, president and chief executive officer of racine based sc johnson son inc., is taking the reins of nike inc., the world 's dominant marketer of athletic shoes.
2			basketball	coach			penn state coach takes medical leave rene portland is taking a leave of absence for medical reasons during her 25th year as penn state's women's basketball coach.
1			president			ford president scheele to retire ford motor co. president nick scheele will retire early next year after 38 years with the no. 2 us automaker, ford said on thursday.
4			game	card	technology			poker proves a hot hand for gaming industry card game's popularity is fanned by a combination of television, technology and, for some, the allure of big money.
3			investor	fund			fat and happy? evaluating fund manager incentives it 's a question that has bedeviled fund investors for years how do you know if the people running the fund have your best interests at heart?
3			sale			american express to cut 2,000 jobs american express said on friday it expects to record a fourth quarter pre tax charge of up to $ 120 million and cut 2,000 jobs related to a restructuring of its business travel unit and the sale of some overseas operations.
2			good	season			more web shopping is what's in store the retail sector overall may be reporting a sluggish start to the season, but holiday shoppers are scooping up tech goods at a brisk pace and they're scouring the web for bargains more than ever.
1			stadium	debate			public debate begins in dc the citizens of washington came to the dc city council on thursday to express a variety of opinions about the proposed new stadium deal that would bring the expos to the city.
4			system	country			jobless numbers don 't tell whole story we really need in this country a more flexible, just in time labor system. i really think not enough attention is being paid by both candidates to the re skilling of america.
3			investor	growth	stock			stocks open higher, lifted by payrolls us stocks rose at the open on friday after the us economy added twice the number of jobs than had been expected last month, presenting equity investors a positive sign of us economic growth.
2			basketball	game			weekdays at 4:45 pm on radio 990 in manitoba after more than 200 games, former winnipegger todd macculloch has decided to retire from the national basketball association.
2			team	race			tendulkar taking baby steps tendulkar, who is in a race to try and make the first test against australia in bangalore, told the press trust of india that team physiotherapist andrew leipus was limiting his time in the nets.
3			investment			despite mega deals, small mergers rule despite the euphoria of one of the busiest weeks in u.s. mergers and acquisitions in almost five years, wall street investment bankers cannot live by mega deals alone.
4			system	source	version			sun's opensolaris plans start to emerge the company will launch an opensolaris site on friday, but an open source version of sun's operating system is still a long way off.
4			system	vulnerability	flaw	access			cisco warns of ios flaw cisco systems inc. warned of another security vulnerability to its products last week, one that could allow an attacker to disable remote administration access to a cisco device running ios.
2			cricket	sport			icc: test status for bangladesh and zimbabwe is safe lahore: the international cricket council yesterday said that a review of the structure of the sport was never aimed at taking away the test status of zimbabwe and bangladesh.
4			software			update: judge rules for oracle in peoplesoft case the judge presiding over the u.s. department of justice's doj attempt to block oracle corp.'s proposed takeover of rival software maker peoplesoft inc. ruled in oracle's favor on thursday, removing one obstacle preventing the hostile acquisition.
4			processor	licensing	side	sharing	vendor	nvidia	technology	use	graphic			intel, nvidia sign cross licensing pact chip giant intel and graphics processor vendor nvidia said friday they have inked a wide ranging technology sharing pact that, among other things, will let nvidia use intel 's front side bus technology.
4			user	cell			france fries cell phones performance venues there can now install signal jamming equipment to deal with rude mobile phone users.
4			ibm	application	server			ibm tightens up websphere big blue beefs up its websphere 6 application server, promising better performance, reliability and simplified administration.
2			championship	game	football	bowl			super bowl advertisers still in game after scandal advertisers may have been bitten once by an indecency scandal at the 2004 super bowl, but they are not shy about getting back into the game for the next u.s. football championship.
3			shareholder	value			healthscope sets sights on ailing gribbles the board of the gribbles group is expected to decide within days whether to recommend that shareholders accept a takeover offer that values the diagnostics company at up to $ 270 million
2			ship	game	title	classic			pirates! ships! it 's unfortunately not the next uncharted waters game, but the remake of a classic sid meier 's title will certainly do... atari and firaxis games announced today that the highly anticipated sequel to one of
2			game			a look around the big ten what is joepa working up to stop kyle orton? where did the little brown jug come from? what 's the deal with iowa 's newfound running game?
2			auto	game			rockstar games turns on the radio; gta soundtrack details emerge rockstar updates official grand theft auto: san andreas site with info on the game 's soundtrack. rockstar games updated the official grand theft auto: san andreas site with information on the ten radio stations
2			match			dust to dust one of australia 's most stunning bowling performances of all time was blotted out by one of their most embarrassing losses as a test match turned mad here yesterday.
1			talk			iran issues nuclear warning could take drastic steps if the talks did not proceed as tehran wants. mehr news agency quoted him as saying on wednesday. that could be used
1			troop	election	violence			northeast indian state votes amid tight security people braved a steady drizzle to come out to vote in a remote northeast indian state on thursday, as troops guarded polling stations in an election being held under the shadow of violence.
2			winner	triumph	sport			greece is winner at these olympics capping its sports hosting triumph, greece ended the xxviii olympiad with a festive splash of ethnic folklore, music and dancing.
1			election			the billion dollar election last year some election watchers made a bold prediction that this presidential election would set a record: the first half billion dollar campaign in hard money alone.
4			license	java	platform			prompted by government policy, ktf embraces java ktf is the last of the major south korean carriers to license java as required by the wireless internet platform for interoperability.
4			technology	price			infineon executives fined; jail term for price fixing new york, december 6 the us department of justice has imposed steep fines and announced jail terms for four senior executives of infineon technologies ifx.
4			system			cisco buys ip provider p cube cisco systems agreed to acquire closely held internet protocol service provider p cube for $ us200 million $ 281 million in cash and options.
4			shareholder	software			oracle lobbies peoplesoft on takeover bid business software maker oracle corp. is trying to sway the outcome of its 9.2 billion bid for peoplesoft inc. by meeting directly with its rival's major shareholders, hoping to persuade them the all cash offer is their best remaining option.
1			president	race	debate			cheney, edwards prepare for debate as race tightens us vice president dick cheney will square off with his democratic rival john edwards in a televised debate that suddenly takes on importance for the republicans after george w. bush's tepid showing last week.
2			play	game	team			all girl gaming team takes aim at boys at first glance, les seules might look like an all girl rock band complete with sassy attitudes and fawning male groupies but the swedish septuplet doesn't play instruments. they play competitive video games.
3			drink	profit			tax benefits lift pepsico profit pepsico inc. pep.n: quote, profile, research , the world 's no. 2 soft drink company, said on thursday quarterly profit rose due to tax benefits and a strong performance from its key
4			content	microsoft	vulnerability	software	patch	server			microsoft plugs isa vulnerability microsoft issued a patch for a vulnerability in its server software that could allow an attacker to spoof trusted internet content.
3			profit	share	core			ford posts profit, autos disappoint again ford motor co. reported a stronger than expected quarterly profit on tuesday, but losses widened in its core automotive business and the company's shares sagged after it said u.s. regulators were looking into its pension accounting practices.
2			coach	magic	championship	club			rangnick showing magic touch with schalke since taking the reigns of schalke on september 28, coach ralf rangnick has orchestrated a turn around that has the club thinking of a bundesliga championship.
2			medal	team	championship			carroll takes bronze for australia australia has won two medals on the first day of the world shortcourse swimming championships in indianapolis. the australian 4x200 metre women 's freestyle relay team took silver, while 17 year old lara carroll
4			standard			fasb delays options expensing rule bowing to corporate pressure, the group that sets standards for the us accounting industry said on wednesday it postponed the implementation of compulsory expensing of employee
4			science	robot	technology			sony sends its robots to school humanoid devices will be used to encourage interest in science and technology.
4			generation			blu ray disc spec approved next generation dvd specification approved, clearing way for manufacturers to produce read only disks.
4			system	good	virus	sale	vendor	technology			ironport adds virus preemption, courts dell some reseller partners of security appliance vendor ironport systems are taking the good with the not so good. ironport partners like peter kolb, director of data sales at triple a networks, a technology integrator
1			party	politician	stock			helpful politicians unneeded by markets the stock market marches to its own drumbeat, although politicians of both major parties spend a lot of time and money telling voters otherwise.
4			infrastructure			intel cto: new protocol needed for next gen net intel 's chief technologist called for an overlay network to be applied to the internet infrastructure to allow new protocols and services to be enabled.
4			use	tool	application			infocus: trends in web application security this article discusses current trends in penetration testing for web application security, and in particular discusses a framework for selecting the best tool or tools to use for these increasingly common type of application.
4			ibm	software	suite	version			ibm updates totalstorage san software suite the company says the new version of its san virtualization manager can handle all of rival emc's arrays.
2			rout	game			clout shown in rout when the olympic softball schedule was released, lisa fernandez grabbed a marker and began counting down the days. this game is always on my calendar, she said. i have a tremendous history with australia. and until yesterday, mostly a haunting one.
3			investor	growth	stock	share			despite google's glitter, other dot coms face risks internet stocks are as volatile as ever, with growth starved investors flocking to the sector in the hope they've bought shares in the next online blue chip.
2			player	coach	defender			silvestre blasts domenech france defender mickael silvestre has become the latest player to launch a verbal assault on national coach raymond domenech after he was left out of the squad for the friendly with poland on wednesday.
4			management	software	identity	access			ca to buy netegrity for $ 430 million computer associates wednesday announced that it plans to buy identity and access management software maker netegrity of waltham, mass.
3			profit	earnings	outlook			accenture profit up, outlook below street accenture ltd. , a leading global consulting firm, on wednesday posted higher than expected quarterly earnings on a rebound in consulting business, but projected profit for the current quarter to miss wall street forecasts.
2			championship			six straight for andover for the sixth year in a row, andover claimed the miaa state swimming diving championships.
2			game	team			swedes czech out early the scattered tickets outside the globe arena told the story. there were no souvenirs from this one. in yet another important game that demanded the team be at its best, sweden was at its worst.
2			minister	sport	british	prix			conservatives call for statement on british grand prix the conservatives have called for the sports minister richard caborn to make an urgent statement to the commons on the future of the british grand prix.
4			user			mobile phone users double since 2000 mobile phone subscribers around the globe totaled nearly 1.5 billion by the middle of this year, about one quarter of the world's population, the international telecommunication union itu said on thursday.
4			mouse	reader	microsoft	hardware			microsoft under your thumb new keyboard and mouse from the company's hardware division include fingerprint readers.
1			war			dsl wars come down to a battle of the bundles dsl, cable providers offer new discounts with a catch.
2			game	sale			nintendo sells 500,000 ds handhelds in first week nintendo co. ltd. sold 500,000 nintendo ds video game devices during the first week of sales in us stores for the new handheld featuring two screens for game playing, the japanese game maker said wednesday.
4			language	technology			how to learn a language i've been a linguophile for a long time, and i'm always studying a little bit of some language or another. however, it's only recently that i've finally figured out the way that works best for me, with the help of modern technology. perhaps this might help those of you who have been planning on learning a language some day.
1			crisis			meltdown: arctic wildlife is on the brink of catastrophe polar bears could be decades from extinction, a survey into global warming has found. steve connor reports on the crisis that threatens the polar ice cap.
4			un	technology			europe and iran to meet again on nuclear issue europe's three key states are to meet again with iran in vienna to hear tehran's response to their offer for it to avoid possible un sanctions and receive nuclear technology by indefinitely suspending uranium enrichment.
2			club			regis joins hair club for men regis corp. is acquiring hair club for men and women, the company made famous by commercials with founder sy sperling.
2			good	team			ford rallies spirits but jaguar 's future still in balance ford finally delivered some good news yesterday when it confirmed its commitment to world rallying for a further four years. while the 350 employees at the jaguar racing formula one team, which
2			team	sport			stoddart warns new team australian paul stoddart has warned the owners of a potential new formula one team to be prepared for a long, tough haul in the sport.
3			investor	share			letter rankles mylan investor carl icahn issued a $ 20 per share bid to acquire mylan laboratories inc. on friday and said at least three other potential buyers in the generic drug industry could offer more.
4			system	high			symbian says skulls may not be malware symbian ltd., the london based maker of the symbian operating system used on high end smart phones from a variety of manufacturers, says reports of malware may be premature.
2			play	player	shot			schalk faces media frenzy the long awaited clash between the barbarians and the all blacks in cardiff on saturday has been given a huge shot in the arm with the news that the springboks have given the world 's best rugby player, flanker schalk burger, permission to play
2			player	high	team	franchise			fourth team: players queue up the australian rugby union has been swamped with inquiries from high profile players here and overseas interested in joining the new super 14 franchise in 2006.
1			leader			google buys digital mapping company google inc. has bought digital map maker keyhole corp., extending the search engine leader 's bid to fend off rivals with a toolbox that can catalog almost anything in the world.
1			war			star wars inspires art shortlist an artist who used a life sized jabba the hutt in a piece is shortlisted for the beck's futures prize.
4			computing	microsystems			sun offers pay as you go computing service sun microsystems inc. will offer utility computing services priced at less than a dollar per node per hour, it announced tuesday.
4			flaw	technology	attack			security pros warn of critical flaws in kerberos vulnerabilities in technology widely used for network authentication leave computers open to attack.
2			game			n.d. conducts 5 year study on pronghorns the state game and fish department is in the first year of a five year radio collar study to learn more about pronghorns.
1			minister	party	fall			media cheer downfall of mugabe 's spin doctor the apparent demotion of zimbabwe 's controversial information minister jonathan moyo in the ruling zanu pf party hierarchy has been greeted with cheers by the independent media who said he deserved to fall.
4			war	boston	technology			verizon plunges into cable wars with new technology verizon communications inc. said yesterday it will extend a powerful new fiber optic network capable of delivering cable television to 1 million us homes and businesses by year's end, including more than 100,000 in suburban boston.
2			park	game	playoff			will sinking lowe resurface in playoffs? we're back, it appears, to this: derek lowe is a guy you'd think twice about allowing to park your car, never mind start a playoff game.
4			microsoft	technology	sport			microsoft, swatch partner on wireless watch microsoft and watch maker swatch are offering a smart wristwatch that receives news, sports, weather and other information using microsoft 's msn direct broadcast technology.
4			software	standard	application			security group sets baseline standard for firewalls four security software rivals are have teamed up to set a baseline standard for application security firewalls, challenging others in the industry to join them.
2			game	shot			historic return but how much has it all changed? the occasion was clearly too much for kristin heaton, the first athlete for 1,611 years to compete at the original olympic games venue of olympia. the american opened the women 's shot put competition yesterday, but could not ...
3			sale			report: alcan may sell unit alcan inc. , the canadian aluminum maker, is considering a sale of its rolled products business in a transaction that might fetch $ 4 billion to $ 5 billion, after in may announcing a plan to spin the business off, the new york post said on wednesday.
4			generation			published by the group of companies maxis communications bhd targets to launch its third generation 3g mobile services in the first quarter of 2005, but it expects the number of subscribers to be less than 100,000 during the first year due to the expensive handsets.
4			system	ibm	feature	server			ibm fashions new blades five new hs20 models and one new js20 blade server. the company also is rolling out new features designed to improve the performance of bladecenter systems.
3			earnings			future's cloudy for clear channel earnings are up, but sagging revenues are more annoying than static.
4			content	enterprise	increase	management	file	technology			oracle redefines enterprise content management with launch of ... to help companies increase productivity, reduce risk and better meet regulatory compliance guidelines through improved management of unstructured data, oracle announced the launch of its enterprise class content management technology, oracle files 10g.
1			politics	rise			the making of a wise man can stephen a. schwarzman rise above his status as just another rich deal maker and achieve renown in the worlds of art and washington politics?
4			science			mystery from the deep creates elongated puzzle protorosaurs are a group of carnivorous meat eating reptiles who lived in the triassic period about 206 248 million years ago. science magazine, the leading international weekly journal of science, published
1			opposition			peoplesoft softens opposition to oracle merger there was a twist in oracle 's hostile takeover bid for peoplesoft earlier this week when a peoplesoft director testified in court that he would be open to discussions about a merger.
2			football	president			romanian fa chief blasts mutu adrian mutu has been accused of getting carried away with his fame and fortune by the president of the romanian football association.
3			investment	project			china says investment boom crackdown is working chinese entertainers at the three gorges tourist festival, near the world 's largest hydro project. vice permier huang ju says lending curbs are slowing china 's investment boom.
4			project			dhs moves ahead with cybersecurity r efforts san mateo, calif. the department of homeland security is actively planning several new pilot projects that officials hope will help solve one of the most pressing cybersecurity
2			coach	football			family lures meyer to gainesville urban meyer always said his family would help shape any decision concerning his football coaching future. on saturday, someone asked the university of utah coach why he ultimately chose to take the florida job.
4			user	measure	system			most computer users ignore basic online security measures you may lock your doors and windows and maybe even activate an alarm system to keep your home protected, but a new study indicates that most of us haven 't taken the equivalent of those basic steps when it comes to protecting ourselves when we go online.
1			tom	election	democrat	leader	president			house republicans act to protect delay emboldened by their election success, house republicans changed their rules yesterday to allow majority leader tom delay tex. to keep his post even if a grand jury indicts him, and senate gop leaders continued to weigh changing long standing rules governing filibusters to prevent democrats from blocking president bush's most conservative judicial nominees.
2			club			the writing 's on the wall for hong kong 's last revolutionary haunt the one thing that 's misleading about club 64 is its name. with its echoes of studio 57 in new york and its desirable location at the heart of hong kong central, you might expect it to be just another glitzy bar or nightspot.
1			president			testimony: ovitz was denied signing bonus michael ovitz wanted a $ 50 million signing bonus to become president of the walt disney co., but the directors who eventually hired him were not willing
4			identification	system	technology	frequency			nokia adds rfid to latest handsets nokia has introduced its near field communication nfc shell system which incorporates radio frequency identification technology.
2			fund	sport			wada wants more funds to fight drug cheats the man leading the fight against drug cheats in sport said on monday he wanted a further $ 1.5 million in funding to help stamp out substance abuse.
4			microsoft	piracy	technology			microsoft looks to expand windows at home efforts by microsoft corp. and the pc industry to expand into to the living room will get a boost next week as they show off technologies that try to balance hollywood's piracy fears with the appeal of digital media.
4			exhibition	technology			mideast 's largest it fair opens in dubai dubai: the middle east 's largest technology exhibition, gitex, opened here sunday with the international it industry out in full force to showcase the latest market innovations to an expected 100,000 visitors.
2			regime	game			beijing plans tough doping regime china is promising the toughest olympic drug testing regime yet when beijing hosts the 2008 games. an australian olympic committee aoc delegation including john coates, grant
4			system	microsoft			microsoft expands windows xp update release microsoft corp. msft is starting to ramp up distribution of its massive security update for the windows xp operating system, but analysts say they still expect the company to move at a relatively slow pace to avoid widespread glitches...
2			basketball	coach	game	cardinal			pitino, myles discuss u of l 's upcoming game against kentucky louisville men 's basketball head coach rick pitino and senior forward ellis myles met with members of the media on friday to preview the cardinals home game against rival kentucky on satursday.
4			java	software	server	project	source			open source process server set for release more open source software for businesses: the apache software foundation is launching a project for a java process automation server.
1			president			intel board approves otellini as ceo paul otellini, currently president and coo, will replace outgoing chief craig barrett in may. br photo: barrett's mea culpa
2			team	coach	football			idle badgers move up in polls despite not playing this weekend, the wisconsin football team 5 0 big ten, 8 0 overall moved up in both the associated press poll and the espn usa today coaches poll.
4			software	game	developer			for developers, it's not all fun and games employees at game software makers are speaking out about demanding hours, challenging companies to change their ways. br photo: family time for former ea worker
2			game	top			china may stage part of olympics in hong kong china intends to make olympic history by staging part of the 2008 beijing games outside its own territory. top officials have suggested sending olympians three hours by plane from the olympic village on the
4			platform	standard	java	version			new standard java spec emerges in what is being called the most significant enhancement to the java platform, a consortium of java related companies launched the newest version of the java 2 standard edition j2se .
4			standard			wi fi alliance to announce interim multimedia spec next week, the wi fi alliance will release wi fi multimedia, or wmm, an interim standard that will provide early quality of service functionality for multimedia equipment based on the emerging 802.
2			season			illinois group warns parents of potentially dangerous toys as the holiday season gears up, consumer advocates are again warning parents to do their homework and be vigilant about keeping dangerous toys out of the hands and mouths of kids.
3			profit			suntrust posts restated figures suntrust banks, which fired three executives this week over accounting for bad loans, restated first half profit yesterday, raising it by $ 25.
2			goal	speed	good	coach	game			czechs list winning for hlinka their goal it may be canada's game with an emphasis on may but the czechs like their chances. they've got former bruin rosie ruzicka behind their bench, in the dual role of good guy coach good luck charm, and they have the hope of jaromir jagr playing at close to full speed.
4			growth	vendor	hardware			dell's third quarter results break company records dell inc. continued to outpace the rest of the it industry in the company's third quarter with sizzling growth in shipments, revenue, and net income adding up to the best quarter yet for the hardware vendor, the company said thursday.
4			share	investor	earnings	software	technology			software shares up ahead of oracle report investors moved into software shares monday a day ahead of an earnings report from oracle corp. that could give wall street a better idea about the pace of technology spending.
3			space	enterprise			shuttle enterprise takes center stage, at last space shuttle enterprise was born to be an astronautical bridesmaid, never a bride.
2			coach	club			voeller: i m ready rudi voeller has arrived in rome to sign a contract that will tie him to his former club, roma. the german coach stated that he is ready for the new challenge and he will do his best in this new adventure.
4			microsoft	software	sale	code	source			news: defendant: microsoft source code 'sale' was a setup a connecticut man facing economic espionage charges says he wasn't serious about selling already leaked microsoft source code, but an undercover investigator for the software giant was determined to pay him something.
3			investor	profit	high	share			market closes weaker the australian share market finished slightly weaker today, as investors continued to engage in some profit taking after last week 's record highs.
4			design	hardware			dell takes new stab at blade design com november 1, 2004, 4:00 am pt. zdnet 's survey of it professionals in october kept upgrading hardware at number two on the businesses radar throughout the year.
3			earnings	sale	gain			albertsons on the rebound the no. 2 grocer reports double digit gains in sales and earnings after recent acquisitions.
1			president			intel board appoints otellini as ceo intel corp.'s board of directors thursday elected current president and chief operating officer coo paul otellini as the company's next chief executive officer ceo , succeeding craig barrett who was named new chairman of the board.
2			crowd	final	team	race	season	game			bentley comes home just ahead of ne 10 crowd the northeast 10 conference race is entering the final third of the season, and the four teams atop the standings are separated by just a half game.
2			player	baseball	game			strike threatens japan baseball japan's professional baseball players threaten to strike for the first time since the game was introduced 70 years ago.
4			outsourcing	science	infrastructure			brief: csc signs $ 1b outsourcing deal with textron computer sciences corp. will provide textron inc. with infrastructure and network support services under a 10 year, $ 1 billion contract, the companies announced.
4			project	switch			intel switches off lcos tv chip tv chip cancellation joins a long list of 2004 canceled projects and missteps.
4			crm	enterprise	tool	management	vendor	use			crm vendors branch out siebel is aiming to take a larger role in enterprises, by branching out from customer relationship management crm and by making its tools easier to use.
4			software	top			computer associates to pay $ 225 million to avoid prosecution the software giant agreed to pay $ 225 million to avoid criminal prosecution in an accounting scandal that has brought down several of its top executives.
4			grid	computing	database	version			openworld notebook: database, grid control boosted oracle at the openworld conference here on tuesday is making several product rollouts, including a new version of its database and grid computing enhancements.
2			brave	game	cub			sosa 's costly departure various media outlets, including and espn radio 1000, are reporting the cubs have docked their superstar a day 's pay for leaving last sunday 's cubs braves game well before it ended.
4			processor	amd	technology			via gives a pci express boost to amd based computers via technologies friday announced the introduction of its k8t890 pci express chipset for advanced micro devices amd 64 bit processors.
1			politician	election	reform	president	code			tilting at an immovable code okay, let 's all agree: nobody likes to pay taxes. that 's why the major candidates for president and many other politicians standing for election this year favor tax cuts or something they call tax reform.
3			profit			google bets big on bringing libraries to web google inc. said on tuesday it would digitize some of the world's most important libraries in a bold effort that could profit the company by attracting more viewers to its site and its ads.
3			retailer			to acquire retailer internet retail giant inc. said thursday that it signed a definitive agreement to acquire ltd., china 's largest online retailer of books, music and videos, in a deal worth about $ 75 million.
2			tennessee	play	coach	stadium	game			a coach is forced to tackle the lawyers game plans when tennessee plays alabama on saturday afternoon, neyland stadium will be packed with the customarily passionate orange clad throng.
3			holding			update 1: conrad black to step down as hollinger ceo conrad black, the embattled press baron, said thursday he would give up his posts as ceo and chairman of hollinger inc., a canadian holding company, to ease his plan to take the company private.
4			ipod	technology			updated: ipod firmware update breaks real hack apple 's most recent firmware update for the ipod, released last month, breaks real network 's harmony technology, which enable songs bought from real 's online store to be played on the device.
2			generation	medal	soccer	team	game			on soccer next generation of stars leads us team to city when the us women 's national team won the gold medal at the athens olympic games, it was the swan song for legends mia hamm, joy fawcett, and julie foudy.
2			nfl	sport			scandals sink sports the past weeks of steroids, on field brawls and questionable of nfl marketing have led some to ask: what are sports degenerating into?
4			software	microsoft	management	version			microsoft to launch new small business software microsoft corp. is planning to release a new version of its office program for small businesses that handles accounting and customer management tasks, the world's largest software maker said on friday.
4			system	high	speed			supreme court to hear isp cable dispute the supreme court said friday it would consider whether internet providers should be allowed to sell their high speed service over the cable television system.
1			leader	resignation	top	election	talk			hk leader to meet top protester veteran protester leung kwok hung, who won a seat in legislative elections, says he will demand the resignation of hong kong 's leader when the two hold face to face talks on saturday, media reports said.
1			party			maoists lift kathmandu blockade maoists in nepal on tuesday lifted the weeklong economic blockade that had virtually paralysed kathmandu. a joint statement issued by the six organisations affiliated to the communist party of nepal maoist
2			player	season			hard work ahead, warns robbo bryan robson has warned his players they are in for a long hard season but he wants them to work with a smile on their face. that 's the formula new manager robson sees as vital
2			space	sport			sports fitness calendar the following activities will take place in the area this week. events are listed as space allows.
3			retailer			america's car mart's diversity the used car retailer stabilizes results with an all in one strategy.
4			source	management	application	version			jboss brings open source to bpm jboss has released a new version of its open source business process management application, called jbpm. it is the latest evidence that the open source provider is serious about pushing
2			league	bargaining	nhl	player	sport			upi newstrack sports with the expiration of the nhl 's collective bargaining agreement, the league locked out its players at midnight wednesday. nhl commissioner gary bettman announced earlier in the
2			league	coach	game			portland head coach cheeks receives fine portland trail blazers head coach maurice cheeks was fined $ 7,500 by the league on monday for his behavior during this past friday's game against utah.
3			shareholder	management	top			peoplesoft shareholders have opposing views on oracle bid peoplesofts top shareholder, capital guardian trust, has decided to support oracles $ 8.8 billion hostile takeover, but the no. 2 holder, private capital management, has decided against it.
2			league	baseball	game			'roids could ruin the game think of major league baseball as the titanic after it rammed into the tip of the iceberg.
2			team	race			belgian gp, race jarno ninth and retirement for fernando in an extremely disappointing result for the team in belgium.
2			team			beagle team probes its own loss the uk led beagle 2 team maintains its mars lander was probably lost because of unexpected atmospheric conditions during entry.
2			stadium	marlin	team	mike			marlins guarantee mike lowell's contract new ballpark or not, mike lowell is staying with the florida marlins. lowell, who could have opted out of his contract because the team hasn't secured new stadium financing, agreed friday to a revised deal in which the team guarantees the remaining 25.5 million on his contract.
4			software	microsoft	mac			windows world gets os x wake up call apple should be pushing its mac os x software aggressively into corporations running windows, says a microsoft solution provider in massachusetts, but others claim that apple might be missing
4			upgrade	human	application	vendor			sap to deliver hr upgrade for us postal service the us postal service is about to get a $ 35 million web based human resources application makeover, courtesy of germany based applications vendor sap ag.
1			leader	president			constitution signing a springboard for prodi 's return to italy the signing of the european constitution on friday by the leaders of the 25 eu members will not only crown romano prodi 's five years as european commission president but propel him into the political fray in his native italy.
4			growth	earnings	technology			s p 500 companies to show growth third quarter earnings get under way in earnest next week led by several large banks, as well as technology companies intel corp. and yahoo inc. with many expected to post double digit growth.
1			politics	terror	election	war	technology	conflict			throwing money at technology strategic conflicts, rampant confusion and election year politics are slowing the war on terror.
2			night	coach	football	season			pasqualoni stays on syracuse football coach paul pasqualoni has received a vote of confidence from athletic director jake crouthamel, and chancellor nancy cantor announced monday night that pasqualoni would return in 2005 for his 15th season as head coach.
4			user	content			napster brings digital subscription music content to windows ... napster announced that its portable music subscription service napster to go is available for users of the new at wireless based audiovox smt5600 smartphone.
3			investor	holding			google: now playboy's latest bunny investors in the company that's trying to come off as cute as a bunny could find themselves holding a fistful of vipers if the founders of google inc. continue to do things like show up in playboy magazine around the same time their company is going public.
1			talk			iran, eu to begin nuclear talks iran and the european union will begin comprehensive talks on tehran's nuclear activities next week, official media reported saturday.
4			energy	system	scientist	source	fuel			scientists develop clean diesel system scientists at the idaho national engineering and environmental laboratory say they have developed the first system to convert dirty diesel fuel into a quiet, self contained and efficient energy source.
4			technology			bye bye, blueprint: 3d modeling catches on three dimensional technology is changing the way buildings are designed and built but the industry will have to change, too.
1			party	election			schroeder may lose elections in four german states german chancellor gerhard schroeder 's social democratic party is likely to lose elections in four of germany 's 16 states this month as voters protest welfare cuts and rising unemployment, according to opinion polls.
4			broadband	technology			intel and clearwire to work on wimax together intel will work with clearwire, a wireless internet service provider, on future networks based on wimax wireless broadband technology.
4			ibm	computing			ibm sells pc unit to lenovo international business machines corp. agreed to sell its personal computing business to china 's largest computer maker, lenovo group ltd.
4			technology			confusion over iran nuclear deal its unclear whether iran has withdrawn its demand that some of its technology be excluded from a freeze on nuclear enrichment activities.
4			ally	software	source			hewlett packard takes another stab at software hewlett packard is returning to a software market where it suffered one of its worst defeats. but this time, the company has open source software as its ally.
4			tool			news: new google tool for searching computers a privacy risk on shared pcs the associated press by anick jesdanun
4			technique	scientist	development			novel approach targets alzheimer 's development a new technique may someday be able to stop alzheimer 's disease news web sites before it starts. tapping into the trojan horse strategy, scientists
4			system	upgrade	software	human			ok, here's the 411 so long, eryca. here comes darby. new englanders who call verizon communications inc.'s 411 directory assistance will start to hear a different voice over the next week, as the phone giant upgrades to a system that will handle more calls with automatic speech recognition software instead using a human operator.
1			talk	showdown			diplomats: europeans, u.s. closer to iran nuke deal u.s. and european negotiators moved closer to a deal on a resolution on iran's nuclear program that could trigger a november showdown, western diplomats close to the talks said wednesday.
4			sharing	software			hackers revive itunes music sharing a group of anonymous programmers has released new software that allows music to be swapped via apple computer 's popular itunes jukebox.
4			software			oracle 's bid for peoplesoft cleared european union antitrust regulators have cleared oracle corp 's hostile $ us7.7 billion $ a10.31 billion bid for rival business software maker peoplesoft inc, removing one of the last major hurdles to the contested merger.
4			high	speed	technology			intel invests in new wireless venture hoping to accelerate the deployment of a new wireless technology, intel corp. announced monday it 's invested in a venture started by billionaire craig mccaw to deliver high speed internet service over the airwaves.
3			restaurant	chain	share			irs asks about tips at chili 's brinker international inc., which operates the chili 's restaurant chain, said monday it received an inquiry from the internal revenue service regarding the company 's share of taxes on $ 31.
4			tool			verizon adds shopping tools to verizon said friday it has teamed up with ebay and for the rollout of new shopping tools on its online yellow pages site.
4			software	language	java			nokia and vodafone seek simpler software amsterdam the mobile phone giants vodafone and nokia teamed up on thursday to simplify cellphone software written with the java computer language.
3			investor			google faces challenge of public company status your name is synonymous with searching the internet, and you ve just raised roughly $ 1.7 billion from investors by going public.
3			profit	gain	share			doubleclick says quarterly profit more than doubles internet marketing company doubleclick inc. dclk.o: quote, profile, research on thursday said quarterly profit more than doubled with one time gains, but its shares fell after hours
4			grid	united	user	technology	project			technology companies launch grid project to woo users get inq7 breaking news on your smart mobile phone in the philippines. send inq7 breaking to 386. san francisco, california, united states of america after a survey by international data corp.
1			party			little boise st. is thinking big once again, they are knocking on the door, nattily attired, a smile on their face, eager to join the party.
3			sale			digital radio sales 13m 'by 2008' thirteen million digital radios will be sold in the uk by the end of 2008, industry body drdb predicts.
4			user	software	spyware			schwarzenegger signs california anti spyware bill california gov. arnold schwarzenegger signed an anti spyware bill on tuesday banning unauthorized installation of deceptive software that hides in personal computers and secretly monitors user activity.
3			profit			mercedes: years to regain peak profit daimlerchrysler 's flagship mercedes car group intends to regain peak profit levels within the next few years after operating profit dips in 2004, division had juergen hubbert said on thursday.
4			pharmaceutical	investment	technology			alliance with astrazeneca is cat 's whiskers for biotech firm uk biotechnology company cambridge antibody technology has announced a five year alliance with pharmaceutical giant astrazeneca. cat said astrazeneca will make an upfront equity investment in cat worth 75
2			race	game	gain			massive release accompanies highly anticipated video game the herald dispatch. the world is in danger. in just two days, an alien race called the covenant will attempt to gain control of the most powerful weapon known to man: halo.
4			system			navy deal may create more financial problems for eds electronic data systems corp. eds profile, products, articles could be facing more rough waters with its $ 8.8 billion us navy contract, as the it services provider delayed
1			deputy	reform	debate			deputy director: cia not 'dysfunctional' countering severe criticism of the cia, the agency's departing deputy director called for an end to the tirades and hyperbole that he said are hampering constructive debate about needed intelligence reform.
2			war	game			when war games meet video games a department of defense group tests a new battle simulator to see what it can learn about urban combat. but this ain't no simcity. by amit asaravala.
4			content	enterprise	ibm	software	management	mail	developer	integration	access			ibm to buy content management developer venetica ibm on thursday agreed to acquire venetica corp., a maker of content integration software that allows enterprises to access and embed unstructured data including business documents, e mail, digital media, still images, and web pages.
4			profit	game	technology			intl game tech posts lower 4q profit international game technology, the world 's largest designer and manufacturer of casino slot machines, said tuesday that fourth quarter profit declined year over year due to a $ 77 million charge for the early redemption of the company 's senior notes
3			sale			anheuser busch to debut souped up beer in an effort to revive flattening sales and attract new drinkers, anheuser busch is unveiling a new concoction a fruity smelling beer, spiked with caffeine, guarana and ginseng...
2			player	game	detroit	playoff			liberty players cringe and watch the game tape he liberty 's players said yesterday that they had watched the videotape of sunday 's loss to the detroit shock in game 2 of the wnba eastern conference playoffs and had been embarrassed by what they had seen.
1			leader			leinart becomes a leader of men as matt leinart drifted toward the left sideline, scrambling to buy extra time, he motioned david kirtman to break off his route and go downfield.
3			ibm	application	enterprise			peoplesoft ibm sign landmark pact peoplesoft inc. and ibm announced recently that they will establish the most significant enterprise applications alliance in the history of the two companies.
4			speed	application			pc hard drive expands size and speed the increasing popularity of pc based multimedia applications, particularly home video editing and downloading of films and tv shows from peer to peer networks, is driving demand for bigger hard disc drives.
3			growth			tivo loss widens, subscribers grow digital video recorder maker tivo on thursday reported a wider quarterly net loss as it increased spending to accelerate subscriber growth.
4			upgrade	software			peoplesoft forges ahead with product plans at connect conference, customers will hear about the progress of its total cost of ownership initiative, as well as upgrades to its hr and jd edwards manufacturing software.
4			investment	ibm	technology	rise			ibm chief sees global tech spending rise companies will spend more money next year on information technology and other capital investments compared with 2004, the chief executive of the world's biggest computer company, ibm corp, said on friday. p
1			leader	party			house g.o.p. voids rule it adopted shielding leader after fierce criticism, house republicans reversed a rule change that would have allowed a party leader to retain his position even if indicted.
1			leader	talk	management	airway			us airways, pilots union reopen talks no. 7 carrier must reach agreements with unions before sept. 30, when it risks violating loan terms. new york reuters us airways pilots union leaders said monday they proposed new contract terms to management
4			microsoft	software	technology	use	movie	access			picture 6 of 8: microsoft's new media center push software maker heads to la to show off a host of gadgets that use one or another microsoft technology to access movies, music and video.
1			party	holding			ont. judge agrees to appoint hollinger inc. inspector an ontario court judge has made the rare move of agreeing to appoint an inspector to probe related party deals at conrad black 's canadian holding company hollinger inc
1			party	election			state elections mirror national divide polarized voters, almost perfectly divided between the two parties and the balance of power hanging on hard fought, expensive campaigns in a few key areas. it's the story line of the 2004 presidential election, but it's also playing out in the battle for power in state legislatures, where democratic and republican control has probably never been so evenly divided.
2			play			chiefs insist they've plenty to play for when tony gonzalez heard somebody on the radio say the kansas city chiefs had nothing left to play for, it almost made his blood boil.
4			core			pricey trials turn up few new blockbusters the $ 500 billion drug industry is stumbling badly in its core business of finding new medicines, while aggressively marketing existing drugs.
4			team	platform	summary	technology			moreover and newsgator team for rss search moreover and newsgator team for rss search moreover technologies, provider of aggregated online rss and news feeds, today announced that newsgator technologies will integrate moreover rss rich site summary news feeds and news search into its newsgator online service platform.
3			investor	profit	earnings			update 2 federated investors report lower earnings asset manager federated investors fii.n: quote, profile, research on thursday reported lower quarterly profits as the firm 's assets declined in difficult market conditions.
3			growth	profit	system			cisco: wall st. revenue view reasonable cisco systems inc. , the biggest maker of gear to direct traffic over the internet, on tuesday said it was on track to meet wall street's fiscal 2005 revenue growth estimates, but signaled that profit margins were under pressure.
3			growth	investment	export			eurozone data to show growth based on exports, consumption weak data to be released this week are expected to confirm that the eurozone's economic recovery is fueled by strong export demand, not consumption or investment, and that britain's industrial sector is gaining steam, analysts said.
4			generation			lost generation coddles its young as a growing economy produces new wealth and a spreading middle class in china, the epochal cultural revolution has receded to the distant past in just one generation.
3			investor			greenfield halves telfort stake the dutch private equity firm will sell the stake in the mobile telephone company to a dutch investor.
4			run	suite	increase	tool	technology	developer			new intel tools run on rival chips intel quote, chart released a new suite of developers tools it hopes will increase the amount of people using its 64 bit technology.
3			finance			global crossing struggling to stay afloat the weak telecom market continues to wreak havoc on telecom company global crossing ltd., which is cutting jobs and trying to restructure its finances in an attempt to continue operating.
4			system	game	generation			new game releases could herald holiday of megagames with next generation game systems not expected until 2006, the video game industry needs blockbuster games to keep business flowing.
4			system	management	technology			netinterlink offers schools a way to stay on track parind raval and siamak asgari spent six years working for a variety of technology companies while seeking a niche that would allow them to start their own business. two years ago, asgari met a school system official who mentioned the need for an effective student management system in public schools.
2			player	game	price			nintendo trims game boy advance price nintendo trimmed the price of its game boy advance player on wednesday as the company prepared for one of the most serious challenges yet to its dominance of the portable game market.
4			design	server			dell pulls out blades in paris dell has belatedly joined its competitors in offering own design blade servers with the launch in paris on monday afternoon of the poweredge 1855.
4			user	software	management	version			bmc adds peoplesoft management bmc software has released a new version of patrol for peoplesoft 2.0 that allows companies to centrally manage peoplesoft users, transactions, jobs, sql requests, and business processes.
4			microsystems	engineer	system	software	license	development	source			sun submits mystery license to open source group a sun microsystems engineer chartered with directing the engineering effort to open source solaris has published a new software license that could be used for the open source release of sun's unix operating system. though sun is vague on details about the license, called the common development and distribution license cddl , it is incompatible with linux's software license.
1			talk			irish talk of softening schedule a little which bows to no conference commissioner, has its own network and grazes from coast to coast for prestigious opponents could be changing its scheduling philosophy.
3			stock			advice from a bear: panic jeremy grantham, boston's most famous investing bear, exudes a kind of reassuring calm when he tells you that he has seen the stock market's future, and it's a train wreck.
4			software			update 5: peoplesoft extends its customer program peoplesoft inc. said tuesday it is extending a money back guarantee program that it says is designed to protect customers in the event of a takeover by its rival software maker oracle corp.
4			feature	technology			topix delivering local news search to ask jeeves topix delivering local news search to ask jeeves today announced that it has been selected by ask jeeves, inc. to provide news to ask jeeves for its local news channel. through this partnership, ask jeeves becomes the first major search engine to feature 's news technology. provides visitors to ask ...
2			oil	sport			honda moves to prevent engine fires honda motor co. has acknowledged a problem with oil filters on cr v sport utility vehicles and is taking steps to prevent engine fires caused by oil leaks.
4			system	run	software			nokia to offer blackberry software research in motion nasdaq: rimm rim and mobile operating system consortium symbian have signed a deal that will enable blackberry connect to run on symbian based
2			player			creative zen micro 5gb music player cite reg cite review mobile phone styling comes to the mp3 world
2			team	prix			doornbos is jordans third driver in remaining 2004 grand prix jordan ford announces that robert doornbos will be the teams third driver and will drive the teams third car 39 at the grands prix of china, japan and brazil 2004.
4			sale	technology			over 100 will lose jobs amid medsource sale more than 100 workers in newton are scheduled to lose their jobs by february amid the purchase of medsource technologies inc. by another medical device contract manufacturer, the new owner acknowledged yesterday.
2			champion			phelps' trial set 19 year old olympic swimming champion michael phelps' drunken driving trial is set for dec. 29.
4			microsoft	software	technology	standard	source			open sourcers revolt against microsoft antispam plan two prominent open source software groups have rejected a proposed technology standard backed by microsoft corp. that would close a loophole used to send unsolicited commercial
4			science			langdon gilkey, 85, theorist on nexus of faith and science, dies langdon gilkey was a prominent protestant theologian who argued for a rational, even satisfying, co existence between science and faith.
4			user	version			apple itunes locks out older versions apple has activated previously announced plans to close its music store to users of earlier versions of itunes. the company revealed its intent last month, when itunes users accessing the
3			expectation	profit	earnings	share			american express posts higher 3q profit financial services giant american express co. said monday that third quarter earnings rose to meet wall street expectations. net income increased to $ 879 million, or 69 cents per share, from $ 770 million, or 59 cents per share, a year ago.
4			crowd	robot	technology	version			bluetooth flying bot creates buzz the micro flyer is the next version of the robot by the japanese technology firm that wowed crowds with last year.
4			technology			amazon to take searches on web to a new depth , the e commerce giant, plans to take aim at the internet search king google with a new advanced technology.
2			hockey	game			hockey stars raise money for firefighters comedian denis leary hosts a hockey game each year to raise money for firefighters in need. this year, he had added incentive.
4			software	microsoft			microsoft to pay californian briefs $ 112 million a judge is ordering microsoft to pay $ 112.5 million to attorneys who successfully sued the software maker for monopolizing a segment of california 's market.
2			player	game	golf			singh show not yet over for 2004 london: the vijay singh show, a long running golf blockbuster in 2004, could earn one more rave review by the end of this week. fijian singh, firmly established as the game 's most dominant player, has a golden
4			clothing	scientist	technology			scientists mimic lotus plant to create self cleaning clothing sending your favourite suit to the dry cleaners could one day be an infrequent practice when self cleaning clothing become the norm, thanks to progress in nano technology, the american chemical society has said.
2			game	season			half of u.s. parents plan to buy videogame survey nearly half of all u.s. adults with children plan to give video games as gifts this holiday season, according to a survey conducted by the trade group representing the video game industry and released on monday.
1			party	politics	syria	opposition			lebanese groups unite over syria lebanese opposition parties join forces for the first time to counter syria's influence over lebanese politics.
2			team			track team is tops for nbc nbc 's olympic track and field production and announcing unit needed just three days of competition to show it is one of the network 's best groups in athens.
4			system	software	patch	flaw			apple fixes os x security flaws apple computer nasdaq: aapl has released a patch for its macintosh os x operating system that fixes 15 security problems in the software.
4			system	software			siebel moves toward self repairing software siebel systems wants to cut the costs of tending its software by teaching the programs to manage themselves.
3			profit	earnings			google earnings report shows ad boost google inc.'s third quarter profit more than doubled, reflecting a continued surge in the online advertising distributed by its internet leading search engine.
4			software	enterprise			survival of software's fittest in the flat enterprise software market, the message is clear: it's time to hunt or be hunted.
4			software	source			reports: prosecutors, ca reach accord the u.s. justice department has agreed to defer prosecution of computer associates international inc. in its long running investigation of accounting fraud at the software maker, several publications reported on wednesday, citing unnamed sources.
4			patent	licensing	microsoft	sender	software	technology	mail	standard	source			open sourcers revolt against microsoft antispam plan two prominent open source software groups have rejected a proposed technology standard backed by microsoft corp. that would close a loophole used to send unsolicited commercial spam e mail, citing unresolved patent and licensing issues with the standard known as sender id.
1			leader	election	country	opposition			yushchenko was poisoned; ukraine assesses turmoil opposition leader viktor yushchenko was poisoned by dioxin during ukraine's presidential election campaign, his austrian doctors said on saturday as the country counted the cost of the turmoil generated by the rigged poll.
1			leader			canada slipping on environment: report canada 's reputation as an environmental leader is slipping because most federal departments aren 't paying attention to the impact of their policies, says a report released on tuesday.
4			management	switch			cisco dumbs down switch management two new switches from cisco demonstrate a sweeping change in the company 's assumptions about the technical knowledge of network managers.
4			desktop	software	microsoft	technology			copernic desktop search takes aim at microsoft privately held copernic technologies on tuesday released free desktop search software ahead of expected offerings from microsoft corp. and others in a move some see as a test of the product's market viability.
3			top	vendor			pc chip vendors set sights on dvrs digital video recorders dvrs and set top boxes are shaping up as one of the early proving grounds for traditional pc chip companies tentatively wading into the consumer electronics market.
4			user			smart phone predicts owner 's behaviour us boffins are developing mobile phones which learn user 's daily habits so that they can become mobile digital secretaries .
4			user	server	development			intel seeks role in development of the next internet cto envisions intel based servers acting as network nodes to reduce strain of millions of new devices and users.
3			profit			yahoo's profit more than triples the internet media company's quarterly profit was boosted by stronger online advertising and its acquisition of overture services.
4			platform	application	content			handango answers preminet call handango has signed on as a key content provider of mobile content and applications on nokia 's recently announced preminet platform.
4			system			fujitsu and cisco form strategic alliance business wire ec. 5, 2004 itsu limited tse:6702 and cisco systems, inc. nasdaq:csco today announced that they have reached a fundamental agreement to enter into
1			politician			byte of the apple apple aapl ceo steve jobs has always approached his job with the zeal and showmanship of a populist politician. jobs has another attribute common to the political classes, namely that even
4			networking	content			sun faces stiff competition in networking company has officially entered content switching market with nauticus gear but critics say success is far from guaranteed.
3			growth	movie	sale			online ticketing the percentage of online sales for movie tickets tripled in the past three years, and growth should continue at least through 2008, the most recent data from jupiter research show.
2			auto	season	sport			racing: formula one in turmoil as ford pulls out london : formula one was thrown into turmoil after us auto giant ford announced that it was pulling out of the sport from the end of this season.
2			nfl	football	patriot	play	sport			patriots' neal trying to pin down the nfl it had been seven years since stephen neal played football, and now he had to play at the highest level, against men who had dedicated their lives to the sport. safe to say, his challenges were different from those of his teammates. much different. even in the locker room.
4			system	broadband	access			internet access, delivered from above new systems deliver broadband internet connections through fixed antennas without digging up streets to install cables.
4			software			sap introduces security service com december 15, 2004, 2:54 pm pt. sap is starting a computer security service for its corporate customers, the german software maker announced on wednesday.
4			science	protection	talk	vendor	code	use			customers of telco companies face privacy breach a security advisory posted on bugtraq demonstrates how hackers can compromise customers of t mobile wireless and verizon landline voicemail boxes. the advisory talks about the use of caller id spoofing the customers number, allowing a bypass of the pin code since the voicemail thinks that the customer is calling to check their own voicemail. according to secure science corporation, there has been no response from the vendors. comments have been posted that t mobile has optional pin code protection off by default. better turn it on.
2			medal	single	game	win			phelps watches and wins phelps tied the record for most medals by an athlete at a single olympics, matching the achievement of soviet gymnast aleksandr dityatin in the boycotted 1980 moscow games.
4			software	share			datawest shares soar on bid by open solutions shares of datawest solutions inc. quote, profile, research rose on thursday after the canadian maker of software for banks said it would be bought by rival open solutions inc.
2			high	sport	delhi			bangladesh stress threat is only a hoax new delhi: with regard to the safety of the indian cricketers, high commissioner veena sikri sent in a report to her mea bosses. sports ministry and the bcci were brought into the picture.
3			profit			jabil posts profit on stronger demand contract electronics manufacturer jabil circuit inc. on tuesday posted a quarterly profit that more than doubled on stronger demand for computers, cellphones and other electronic products.
2			good	football			unhappy holiday for cal the cal bears may have been a victim of their good sportsmanship. that 's the way it goes in big time college football. no one knows for certain why cal sank from fourth to fifth in the mysterious mix of computer
2			game			50 may, walsh heading in right direction it wasn 't easy for misty may to look across the net at holly mcpeak, who teamed with her for a fifth place finish at the 2000 sydney games.
4			aol	team	software	technology	use			verisign, aol team up to make chats safer of kids verisign and america online on tuesday announced plans to showcase software for safe chat rooms this december. the safe chat room will use authentication technology to verify a child 's age.
2			season			hhs buys 'experimental' glaxo flu vaccine u.s. health officials on tuesday approved the importation of up to 4 million doses of influenza vaccine made by glaxosmithkline , bringing the u.s. total to 65 million vaccines for this flu season.
2			play	game	team			australia play game of patience paceman michael kasprowicz justified australia 's decision to retain him in the team ahead of brett lee by taking 3 54 against new zealand in brisbane.
1			president			knight ridder names financial chief san jose, calif. knight ridder incorporated has tapped amed steve rossi the current president of its newspaper division to become chief financial officer and senior vice president of the company.
4			system	kick	vendor			eds, siebel partner for tailored business packages eds this week will kick off a partnership with siebel systems, taking the first step in a new vendor relationship strategy emphasizing deeper links with fewer vendors.
4			system			cisco buys into managed services cisco systems stepped up its commitment to helping partners deliver services with last week 's acquisition of publicly traded managed service provider netsolve in a deal valued at nearly $ 200 million.
3			sale	top	president	enterprise			mci president of enterprise sales resigns the top sales executive running one of mci inc.'s largest divisions resigned yesterday as the company struggles with rapidly eroding sales.
4			processor	engineer	technology	server			hp to make $ 3 billion itanium commitment hewlett packard may have transferred its last remaining itanium processor engineers to intel, but the server maker is standing by the technology to the tune of $ 3 billion.
2			champion	race	prix			preview china makes debut as villeneuve returns formula one goes back to the future on sunday with former champion jacques villeneuve making his race return in the first grand prix held in china.
4			technology			tech groups want induce hearings over 40 technology companies and organizations send a letter to the senate judiciary committee asking it to hold public hearings on the controversial induce act before moving forward. by katie dean.
2			player	design	game			marvel sues over role playing game marvel argues that the character creation engine in city of heroes easily allows players to design characters that are virtual copies of its own superheros, including the incredible hulk.
1			winner	election	party	victory	reform			swapo declared winner in namibia election namibia 's ruling swapo party scored an overwhelming victory in official election results on sunday, bolstering the former guerrilla movement as it grapples with sensitive issues such as land reform.
2			champion			triathlon: kraft tests positive for drugs germany 's ironman triathlon world champion nina kraft has tested positive for the banned blood boosting drug epo erythropoietin , according to a report in the frankfurter allgemeine.
4			share	microsoft	system	virus	software	technology			microsoft, cisco partner on security improvements microsoft and cisco systems today said they will share security and network health technologies in an effort to stop, isolate and eliminate viruses and other malicious software on windows based networks.
4			microsystems	technology	source			no news is open source solaris news steven vaughan nichols suggests maybe it 's time for sun microsystems to stop making announcements and focus on actually making technology.
2			game			testing positive olympics: despite doubts and fears that the facilities would not be ready in time and drugs scandals before the games had even started, we have witnessed a memorable olympics for all the right reasons.
3			profit	retailer			coles myer rings up record profit australia 's biggest retailer coles myer has posted a record net profit of aust. $ 576.5 million $ 403 million and says it is on track to achieve its 2006 target of a $ 800 million.
4			space	nasa	technology	brain	scientist			nasa studies rain man 's brain nasa scientists are studying the man who was the basis for dustin hoffman 's character in the 1988 film rain man, hoping that technology used to study the effects of space travel on the brain will help explain his mental capabilities.
4			processor	texas	application	technology			sun 's new multi threaded processor, ultrasparc iv implemented using texas instruments 90 nanometer process technology, ultrasparc iv will double the application throughput of the existing ultrasparc iv through expanded caches and buffers, a better branch prediction mechanism, augmented prefetching
1			talk	country			fears of split in reliance group premature: business india: mumbai, nov 21 : as millions of indians are held in thrall by reports of a family feud in reliance industries, the country 's largest company, experts say it would be premature to talk about a split as yet.
1			leader			google buys digital mapping company google inc. has bought digital map maker keyhole corp., extending the search engine leader's bid to fend off rivals with a toolbox that can catalog almost anything in the world.
4			system	crm	application			siebel unveils smb go to market strategy after a year of pilots and trials, siebel systems jumped with both feet into the smb market tuesday, announcing a new approach to offer siebel professional crm applications to smbs small and midsize businesses companies with revenues up to about $ 500 million.
4			patent	licensing	microsoft	sender	software	technology	mail	standard	source			open sourcers revolt against microsoft antispam plan two prominent open source software groups have rejected a proposed technology standard backed by microsoft corp. that would close a loophole used to send unsolicited commercial spam e mail, citing unresolved patent and licensing issues with the standard known as sender id.
3			investor	shareholder			abbey investors maul chairman but the santander deal is passed shareholders in abbey yesterday tore into the bank over its coming takeover by spanish bank santander, attempting to scupper the 8.
4			system	point	access			aruba brings wi fi down from the ceiling aruba wireless networks inc. yesterday unveiled a change of direction in its wi fi systems. instead of installing a limited number of wireless access points ap in the ceiling
3			shareholder			eisner vs ovitz: this time in court a different michael is about to take center stage at walt disney co. on wednesday a nasty and grueling battle between disney shareholders
4			technology			apple breaks the harmony earlier this year realnetworks came up with a workaround allowing music downloaded from its store to work on ipods. this was achieved by reverse engineering apple 's fairplay technology, and real named it harmony see our previous coverage .
2			jeff	player	coach	football			cal coach gets extension former cfl player and coach jeff tedford agreed to a five year extension monday with the university of california that will see him remain under contract as the school 's head football coach through 2009.
2			hit	team			doping cases hit record with a record 24 athletes ousted for drug related violations, perhaps the biggest upset of the olympics was no us team member flunked a doping test.
2			stadium			chiefs not using revenge vs. indy dick vermeil would prefer not to hear the r word you know, revenge tossed around arrowhead stadium this week.
2			game			mobile game market to boom, study says the us mobile game industry will leap to annual revenue of $ 1.8 billion by 2009, according to a new study from market research company in stat mdr.
4			project			intel cancels tv chip project in another change of plans, semiconductor giant intel corp. canceled a project thursday to develop a chip for projection tvs and said it planned to focus its resources in other areas.
4			design			uwb group completes key radio spec the multiband ofdm alliance mboa has finished its ultrawideband uwb radio physical layer phy specification. what this array of abbreviations means is that uwb chip makers can now finalise their designs
4			cell	software	microsoft	holding			microsoft, sendo settle smart phone dispute software giant microsoft corp. and uk based cell phone maker sendo holdings plc. on monday reached a settlement to their intellectual property dispute over a failed smart phone partnership between the two companies.
4			speed	nasa	ocean	technology			nasa 'scramjet launched, soars at 11,263 kph a tiny unmanned nasa scramjet soared above the pacific ocean tuesday at nearly 10 times the speed of sound, or almost 7,000 mph 11,263 kph , in a record breaking demonstration of a radical new engine technology.
3			distributor	vendor			the stealth toy giant what 's the world 's largest toy distributor? nope, it 's not toys r us nyse: toy . toys r us, while indeed a large toy vendor, is actually exiting the toy business to a large degree, opting to
3			shareholder	management			ca shareholders back management over bonuses issue shareholders yesterday rejected a proposal requesting that computer associates' board adopt a policy of revoking executive bonuses paid based on financial results that are later revised.
4			percent	microsoft	technology	server			sun dangles discounts for microsoft techs microsoft technology specialists can get up to 35 percent off windows certified opteron servers and workstations.
1			leadership	terrorist	race	election			barghouti sets conditions for withdrawing from the election race imprisoned arch terrorist marwan barghouti has reportedly set conditions for complying with fatah leadership demands that he withdraw from the pa leadership race.
4			cell			dial 4 1 1 for cell phone numbers? washington you soon may be able to dial 411 to find a cell phone numbers as well as traditional land line phone information. six of the seven largest wireless carriers
4			cell			honey, did you remember to call the dvd recorder? panasonic's new dvd recorder has a massive hard drive and can be programmed using a cell phone.
1			leadership	party	second			change at hand the ndp 's second annual conference will end today with gamal mubarak 's policies committee having consolidated its leadership of the ruling party.
4			opera	email	software	technology	version			opera 7.60 set to offer faster browsing the next version of the opera browser will be integrated with slipstream 's web and email acceleration technology, opera software said on thursday.
4			processor			apple takes minimalism step further in chic imac apple took its trademark minimalism a step further on tuesday as it launched the latest computer in the imac family that helped restore the companys fortunes: a sleek flat panel monitor with processor and drives built in.
3			investment			m a industry weighs fees against size investment banks are in the midst of the annual fight for bragging rights as the biggest dealmakers of the year, but this time the rankings a key factor in winning new business are under intense scrutiny.
1			party	victory	opposition			australia goes to the polls australia 's 13 million voters have begun choosing a new government with the opposition labor party pinning any hope of victory on a late surge of undecideds swinging their way.
4			user	platform	processor	pentium	system	high			intel unveils extreme system for power users intel is targeting extreme gamers and power pc users with its latest high performance platform based on the pentium 4 processor extreme edition and a faster system bus enabled by the 925xe express chipset.
2			game			massu fined 1,000 for throwing racket nicolas massu was fined 1,000 at the u.s. open on friday for throwing his racket during a loss to sargis sargsian in which the double olympic gold medalist forfeited the opening game of the fifth set.
1			politician			the governator marks a year in office it 's been a year since arnold schwarzenegger became california 's 38th governor, and the hollywood actor turned politician remains a phenomenon theatrical, unbridled and radiating raw confidence.
4			technology			tsa reconsiders technology contract the transportation security administration yesterday said it would resume plans to seek bids for a large technology maintenance contract, ending consideration of a proposal to give the
2			auto	game			art as game: grand theft auto hi nothing announces the molasses like onset of autumn as much as the cooling temperatures, and colorful fronds and leavessomething i refer to as a sort of pleasant depression or a delightful malaise.
2			game	title			half life 2 by november vivendi universal games will release half life 2, sequel to one of the most critically acclaimed pc game titles, on november 16 this year.
1			politics	league			the youth vote: hard to tell how it will turn out the youth vote, perhaps the most elusive quarry in u.s. politics, is being rocked, smacked down, rapped and otherwise goosed by everyone from blinged out rappers to harvard professors to the league of women voters.
4			processor	speed	technology	core			intel firms up dual core plans intel corp. updated its 2005 product plans at its analyst meeting in new york tuesday, including a timetable for its so called ts, the processor technologies that are beginning to take precedence over clock speed increases.
2			medal	korea	win	sport			hamm, yang testify before sports court american paul hamm and south korea 's yang tae young have testified before the sports world 's highest court in a hearing to determine who should win the olympic men 's all around gymnastics gold medal.
4			content	ibm	software	developer	integration			ibm acquires content managment developer venetica ibm has reached an agreement to purchase venetica, a privately held developer of content integration software. the acquisition will enable ibm to provide improved ability to integrate unstructured
4			processor	system	ibm	server	core	high			ibm transitions to power5 ibm next month will finish transitioning its core pseries and iseries server lines to the power5 chip when it starts shipping three new high end systems, two of which support as many as 64 processors.
4			system			ftc cool to spam bounty hunters a bounty system for catching spammers would need to offer whistleblowers rewards of $ 100,000 to $ 250,000 to be effective, the federal trade commission said.
2			team			dutch driver albers to test for jordan dutch driver christian albers is to test drive for jordan at jerez in spain on december 1, the formula one team said on friday. albers, 25, was set to test for jordan, who have a
1			leader	party			gop convention a stage for george pataki when george pataki welcomes thousands of republican stalwarts to their national convention in new york city, more than a few will be sizing up the three term new york governor as a national party leader.
3			drop	profit	sale			fosters counts cost of poor wine market brewing giant fosters today said that higher annual profits from sales of beer overseas had been eroded by a sharp drop in us wine trade.
2			career			cyclist richard virenque retires french cycling star richard virenque announced friday that he is retiring. virenque was known for his fierce mountain climbs, but his cycling career was also tainted by his
2			final	team			ganguly says performance still far from best london: indian skipper sourav ganguly on sunday said the team did a great job in winning the final natwest challenge one day international but was still far away from its best.
4			project			mexico plans to preserve tropical forest mexico and a u.s. environmental group agreed on a plan to protect 370,000 acres of tropical forest on the yucatan peninsula in what officials said friday was the largest conservation project in the country's history.
4			technology	british	share			linx printing tech. recommends danaher 550p shr offer linx printing technology uk:lpt said its board has agreed to recommend danaher corp. 's dhr 550p per share cash offer, valuing the british company at approximately 86 million pounds.
4			software			oracle v. doj: challenges for peoplesoft special coverage court ruling casts pall over software maker's customer bash. also: how to boost employee morale?
3			investor	shareholder			alh investors should wait for a bruandwo extension an attempt to wear down the shareholders of australian leisure hospitality into accepting an under priced offer the joint bid vehicle of woolworths and pubs king bruce mathieson, bruandwo, has reversed tactics.
1			party	election	coalition	opposition			populist labor party leads lithuania vote lithuanians casting ballots in parliamentary elections sunday rejected the current ruling coalition for the opposition labor party, a sign that many voters liked its promises of lower taxes and higher pay.
1			politics	pass	measure	election	night			congress passes tax cut bill election year politics result in the passing of a multi billion dollar tax cut package. the senate overwhelmingly approved the measure 92 3 last night.
4			investment	seattle	technology			speakeasy gets money from intel for wimax seattle internet service provider speakeasy has received an investment from intel to test a new technology that could provide wireless internet coverage to entire cities or counties.
1			leader	election	party	democrat	president			chafee: reid asked him about joining dems. republican sen. lincoln chafee of rhode island, a moderate often at odds with gop conservatives, disclosed wednesday that the leader of senate democrats sounded him out about switching parties in the aftermath of president bush's re election.
1			leadership			terps need leadership maryland's seniors need to provide steadfast leadership to the underclassmen as the terrapins enter a hostile environment at mountaineer field.
2			football	top	award	trophy	win	freshman	sport			peterson may become first freshman to win heisman never in the history of college football 's top award has a freshman walked away with what is arguably sports most recognizable trophy.
2			game			headset maker plantronics surfs on games wave blockbuster video games and cheap internet phone calls are boosting demand for plantronics' headsets, the chief executive of the world's leading maker of phone headsets said on wednesday.
1			talk	country			iran to respond to eu nuclear offer, diplomats pessimistic iran returned to talks with europe's three heavyweight countries aimed at resolving a long running dispute over its nuclear program, although diplomats were sceptical of a breakthrough.
4			development	software	technology	tokyo			cisco to open r centre in japan cisco will open a tokyo based research and development centre focusing on internet software and routing technologies in february 2005.
3			growth	chain	sale	outlook			whole foods' healthy outlook the natural foods chain is predicting double digit sales growth until 2010.
4			generation	supply	nvidia	technology	graphic	game			nvidia to be sony game supplier nvidia corp. will supply graphics technology for sony corp. 's next generation playstation video game console, the companies said tuesday.
4			user	desktop	download	system	software	mac	version			apple posts security update 2004 10 27 apple on wednesday posted security update 2004 10 27. also available for download through the software update system preference pane, the update delivers a number of security enhancements and is recommended for all macintosh users, according to apple. the release includes an updated version of apple remote desktop v1.2.4 running on mac os x v10.3.
4			cell			for cell phones, it's tv to the rescue cell phone executives say new data oriented services such as tv will help bolster an industry in a precarious state.
4			use	technology	copy			sony corp abandons copy control music cds sony corp 's music unit is abandoning its cds that use built in technology that limits copying them, after pushing the program for two years.
4			mouse	tool	mini	technology	use			iogear 's wireless mini mouse uses bluetooth iogear launched its rechargeable bluetooth mini mouse. offering greater flexibility and functionality, the bluetooth technology allows for use up to 66 feet away from the computer, making it a practical tool for presentations.
2			game			illinois violent videos ban news: illinois governor rod blagojevich wants the state to make it illegal for anyone younger than 18 to buy violent or sexually explicit games.
3			growth			the best way to grow operating cash flow is the best growth path there is, and kenneth cole is on it.
4			software	microsoft	feature	outlook			microsoft cools hotmail features love reaching your hotmail account from your outlook inbox? soon you ll have to pay for the privilege of doing it. in a bid to rein in spammers, software giant microsoft nasdaq: msft news people
2			minute	sport	version			nesn hopes new show is a highlight nesn takes a natural programming step monday when it launches a nightly version of sports desk, the 15 minute news and highlight show that's been airing from 5 9 a.m. since march 1991.
4			software	licensing			software industry moves to subscription licensing software licensing is entering a period of dramatic and fundamental change as publishers aggressively move to subscription models, newly unveiled research has claimed.
2			champion	game	win			southern california steps it up no. 1 ranked southern california can 't claim perfection yet, needing to win two more games to finish 13 0 and as national champion.
4			microsoft	system	software	ship	version			microsoft targets 2006 for next windows the next version of the windows operating system, microsoft corp.'s flagship product, will ship in 2006, the world's largest software maker said on friday.
4			investor	stock	technology	outlook			cyclical pressures likely to weigh heavily on tech in 2005 and ... technology stocks have underperformed the rest of the market this year, and professional investors have reduced their commitment to the industry as a growing number of analysts question the outlook for the sector.
4			software			eu backs oracle 's bid for peoplesoft the european commission on tuesday approved oracle corp. 'sproposed us $ 7.7 billion $ 11 billion hostile takeover of rival business software company peoplesoft inc.
2			injury	raven	game			deion sanders out for ravens baltimore ravens cornerback deion sanders was inactive for sunday 's game against the new york jets with a toe injury, while jets defensive end shaun ellis also was out with a strained groin.
4			lab	ibm	technology			ibm expands china research site in mid market push big blue adds innovaton center to its china research lab to develop technology catering to small and midsize businesses.
2			club			annika appeals to all golfers in new book ernie els was intrigued when he saw the cover of the book, showing annika sorenstam looming large with a club over her shoulder and a smile on her face.
4			software	sale			oracle sales data seen being released oracle corp. sales documents detailing highly confidential information, such as which companies receive discounts on oracle's business software products and the size of the discounts, are likely to be made public, a federal judge said on friday.
2			game	sport			weber 's orange sport coat tailor made for huge game the throwback uniforms illinois planned to unveil wednesday against wake forest were sent back to the tailor. it appears the flyin illini replicas were too big and baggy in the shorts.
4			buying	software	technology			warburg, providence to buy telcordia for $ 1.3 bln wsj warburg pincus equity partners and providence equity partners are close to buying telecommunications software company telcordia technologies inc.
2			football	rise	night	victory	sport			wildcats on the rise with santos the university of new hampshire's impressive 51 40 road victory over 10th ranked villanova saturday night vaulted the wildcats three spots to ninth in this week's sports network 1 aa football poll, while dropping villanova to 14th.
2			victory	nation	team			smit lauds boks resolve south africa skipper john smit paid tribute to his team 's resilience after the 23 19 victory over australia, which won them the 2004 tri nations.
4			platform	linux	silicon	graphic	high	computing			sgi launches linux workstation high performance computing specialist sgi silicon graphics has launched a line of linux based visualization machines, providing the company's cutting edge graphics capabilities on an open platform for the first time.
3			holding			bt unloads last satellite stake for 363m bt group disposed yesterday of its last remaining stake in a satellite company when it sold its 15.8 holding in the paris based eutelsat for 363m.
3			earnings			reynolds reports 1st earnings since merger tobacco company reynolds american inc., reporting earnings for the first time since the combination of rj reynolds and the us operations of brown williamson tobacco, on monday
1			leader	airway			daily digest with time running out and its future on the line, us airways will look to the leaders of the pilots union to do wednesday what the union 's negotiators refused to do over the weekend: accept the airline 's demand for $ 295 million in pay and benefit cuts.
4			application			serbian woman who hid in halifax church concerned about immigration process halifax cp a serbian woman who sought refuge in a halifax church basement for 441 days before being forced to leave canada is concerned about unexpected delays in handling her immigration application.
4			standard			us audit firms used wrong standards, report says the four biggest accounting firms misapplied some standards and failed to properly maintain records of some audits, the new us auditing regulator said today in its first inspection reports.
4			creator	patent	linux	software	developer	source			torvalds comes out against eu patent directive three prominent open source software developers, including linus torvalds, the creator of linux, have issued a statement urging the european union council to reject proposed legislation that would codify the practice of granting software patents in the e.u.
2			oriole	game	sport			network must take shape the promise of a regional sports network that would televise expos and orioles games and funnel revenue to peter angelos enabled washington to get the expos.
4			desktop	email	virus	technology	source	version			mozilla 's thunderbird is go the mozilla foundation has released version 1.0 of its thunderbird open source email client, following up on the successful recent launch of its firefox web browser, and delivering new anti spam and anti virus technology to the desktop.
1			leader	party	president			mugabe calls for party unity amid suspensions president robert mugabe called for unity in his ruling zanu pf party yesterday despite suspending six senior party officials over who will succeed the 80 year old leader.
2			title			badmann given fifth title germany 's nina kraft has been stripped of her hawaii ironman title after admitting taking the banned blood boosting substance epo.
4			content	application	discovery			nokia to sell mobile apps to operators this will simplify the process of discovery, trial and purchase of mobile applications, content and services for the consumer. helsinki: the world 's largest mobile phone maker nokia, has launched an initiative
1			leader	crisis			dockers seek conciliation help union officials and leaders at ab ports are meeting conciliation experts to try to reach an agreement in the docks crisis.
2			game			london unveils plans for olympic games london has unveiled its detailed plans to stage the 2012 olympics, promising a games of excellence without extravagance. bid chief sebastian coe said on friday the city would
4			system	finance			judge rules state 's school finance system unconstitutional state district judge john dietz ruled wednesday that the states so called robin hood school finance system is unconstitutional.
2			champion	team			villeneuve to test for renault canadian former world champion jacques villeneuve will test for renault at silverstone on wednesday and thursday, the formula one team said.
3			holding	stock			france sells half its holding in air france klm france reduced its stake in air france klm group, europe 's biggest airline, by more than half, taking advantage of the carrier 's rising stock to pay off debt.
4			software			computer associates to acquire netegrity computer associates international inc. will acquire netegrity inc. in a 430 million cash deal that will merge the computer security software makers, the companies said wednesday.
4			lab			a different spin as surely as cds followed vinyl, there was bound to be a successor to the dvd spinning around in research labs.
4			licensing	microsoft	software	core	alternative	server	player	computing			licensing plan makes microsoft a utility player opinion: a decision to continue charging for server software based on cpus and not cores will make microsoft server software a much more attractive alternative to utility computing providers.
4			hit	software			fbi seizes counterfeit software eleven charged in 'digital marauder' case that could hit 87 million.
2			united	soccer	club	manchester	sport			glazer hikes stake in manu to 28 london: manchester united said on tuesday us sports tycoon malcolm glazer had lifted his stake in the worlds richest soccer club to 27.
4			system			patni acquires cymbal of us in $ 68 mn all cash deal mumbai: patni computer systems said on tuesday that it has acquired us based cymbal corporation for about $ 68m in cash, through its wholly owned subsidiary in the us.
3			trading	stock	share			stocks to watch among the companies whose shares are likely to see active trading in tuesday 's session are pepsi bottling group and emmis communications, as the companies are scheduled to report their quarterly financial results.
4			desktop	enterprise	software	game	application			european software pirates caught making illegal copies of computer games and desktop applications is one thing, but ripping off enterprise software is entirely another.
3			profit	gain	share			quarterly profit climbs for dell dell, the world 's largest personal computer maker, posted a higher quarterly profit thursday, helped by market share gains and lower component costs despite slowing demand for corporate pcs.
3			shareholder			telstra chief to leave before contract ends singapore even after he jettisoned a disastrous expansion strategy and offered them 4.5 billion australian dollars with a promise to stick to his knitting, it turns out that shareholders never really forgave zygmunt switkowski.
2			sport			indian weightlifting federation banned temporarily : the weightlifting federation of india has been temporarily banned from competition pending a decision by the sport 's international regulators, officials said on thursday.
3			military	profit	sale	gain			saab posts gain in profit, sales saab ab on friday reported a gain in its third quarter profit as contracts for its military and aviation equipment remained steady during the quarter.
2			play	dame	game			why they play the game what 's the fun in almost a half century of losing? that 's the question navy asks each and every year that it plays notre dame and contained within it is the more abstract question: what 's
2			championship	race	victory	win	cup			mayfield chasing win jeremy mayfield needs more than a victory at dover international speedway to get back in the thick of the nextel cup championship race.
4			feature			more search and browsing fun with firefox mozilla firefox has features and extensions that go far beyond what you get with internet explorer. here's how to turbocharge the browser to enhance your online experience.
2			technology	sport			vodafone peddles new blackberry research in motion 's blackberry 7100v, which sports the company 's latest keyboard technology, is being offered exclusively through vodafone.
2			champion			wada chief calls for hearing into jones doping world anti doping agency chief dick pound has called for a hearing into allegations former olympic sprint champion marion jones used steroids.
3			share			biogen, elan up on ms drug approval shares of elan corp. and biogen idec rose in premarket trade wednesday after the us food and drug administration approved the companies multiple sclerosis drug tysabri.
4			siemens	broadband	technology			siemens to integrate flarion 's flash ofdm siemens communications has agreed to integrate flarion technologies flash ofdm technology into its portfolio of mobile broadband solutions.
2			cup	championship			cup within reach for busch kurt busch has been doing everything right in his bid for his first nextel cup championship. he now has one big hurdle to clear entering today's ford 400.
2			race			honolulu residents vote for mayor duke bainum outspent mufi hannemann in honolulu's most expensive mayoral race, but apparently failed to garner enough votes in saturday's primary to claim the office outright.
2			packer	game	sport	green			packers secondary banged up green bay, wi sports network the green bay packers could be without two starters in their defensive backfield for this weekend 's game at washington.
4			project			intel cancels tv chip project san jose, calif. in another change of plans, semiconductor giant intel has canceled a project to develop a chip for projection t vs.
2			hunger	sport			kung feud the sport 's one time bad boy returns to action in china this weekend after 12 months away with a new attitude and renewed hunger.
3			share			canada begins probe of nortel 's accounting shares of nortel networks edged lower yesterday after canadian officials said they were opening a criminal investigation into accounting practices at the telecommunications equipment maker.
1			regime	crisis	opposition			ukraine government back to work as crisis eases ukraine's civil servants went back to work for the first time in weeks as the opposition lifted its blockade of government buildings and a political crisis eased following a compromise with the ruling regime.
3			hit	enterprise			city of heroes hits back at marvel 15:19 the complaint is meritless. as retorts go, cryptic studios response to comic book giant marvel enterprises hits with the power of an incredible hulk er, better insert a tm here ed punch.
4			ship	source	code			mozilla foundation ships firefox 1.0 preview release, thunderbird ... on tuesday, the mozilla foundation released its first preview release of firefox 1.0, the organization 's standalone web browser based on the mozilla source code.
2			game			closing ceremony curtailed in respect to victims athens: an hour long no frills closing ceremony dedicated to the victims of this week 's school bus crash brought to an end the paralympic games in athens yesterday.
1			election	draw	opposition			ukraine opposition rally draws hundreds of thousands tens of thousands of supporters of opposition presidential candidate viktor yushchenko took to the streets of kiev, a week before the poll, to demand free and fair elections in this former soviet state after a tense campaign marred by incidents.
4			platform	opera	microsoft	software	version			opera browser to come to windows mobile norwegian browser specialists opera software announce a version of their browser for microsoft 's windows mobile platform is forthcoming.
2			grid	toyota	sport			jordan has toyota power for 2005 in september jordan, jaguar and minardi were not sure whether they would be on the grid in 2005 after ford decided to withdraw from the sport.
2			race			scions of utah royalty vie for governor salt lake city the race for governor of utah is a contest between two men from families that might be the closest thing to royalty in this state.
2			football	race	team	arsenal	coach			spanish coach facing action in race row spanish national team coach luis aragones faces a formal investigation after spain 's football federation decided to open disciplinary proceedings over racist comments about thierry henry of france and arsenal.
3			investor			billionaire soros gives sons bigger role in his empire george soros, the billionaire investor, is giving greater control of his business to his two sons, robert and jonathan, and at the same time scaling back his empire by spinning off several divisions.
4			software			intuit posts wider loss after charge intuit inc. intu.o: quote, profile, research , maker of the no. 1 us tax presentation software turbotax, on wednesday posted a wider quarterly loss from a year earlier after taking a goodwill impairment charge during its ...
2			race			dutrow 's gamble pays off fabulously despite the fact love of money had never raced around two turns or in a stakes race before, trainer richard dutrow jr. thought enough of him entering monday 's $ 750,000 pennsylvania
3			investment	sale			o connor: doubleclick hires investment bankers to explore sale the end of the line for an internet icon? doubleclick nasdaq: dclk news people on monday said it has retained lazard freres to explore strategic options, including the sale of all or part of its business.
2			tennessee	team	player	football			college football team hopes big boi concert keeps team in division ... nashville, tenn. the football team at middle tennessee state is pinning its hopes on big boi. he 's not a football player he 's the guy who 's part of the hip hop duo outkast.
4			outsourcing	siemens	technology			siemens buys bbc technology for 150m siemens have landed a ten year deal to provide it services to the bbc in an outsourcing contract, worth about 200m a year. the german technology group has been selected as part of a cost cutting initiative
4			space	team	technology	planet	scientist			plasma beam eyed in space travel a team of washington scientists are pioneering the concept of the mag beam as a technology that could significantly shorten the time it takes to travel to other planets. by lakshmi sandhana.
2			player			sony finally gets in tune with mp3s the electronics giant belatedly decides to support the popular digital music format on its hard drive players. watch out, apple. ah, remember the 80s.
2			championship			singh turns chrysler in his direction vijay singh made a 30 foot birdie putt on the 17th hole that changed everything yesterday at the chrysler championship in palm harbor, fla.
4			use	low	technology	switch			philips switches strategy pictures through flat screen disposal the dutch electronics group philips said that it is selling its low brand flat screens business group to tpv technology of taiwan as part of a strategic change of direction, and in line with a trend by big groups to use asian partners to
4			user	technology			bluetooth group releases three year road map the bluetooth special interest group sig monday is releasing a three year road map for bluetooth short range wireless technology that includes a tripling of bandwidth and the ability to multicast signals to seven other users.
1			leader	talk	airway			us air, pilots to reopen concession talks us airways group inc. uair.o: quote, profile, research and its pilots union agreed late on friday to reopen concession talks after leaders of the labor group declined
4			processor	amd	pentium	technology			intel takes on gamers with extreme chipset following a similar chip announcement from amd in mid october, intel this week has released a chip targeting the gamer segment. the pentium 4 processor extreme edition supporting hyper threading ht technology
4			system	high	broadband	server			sony discloses details on computer chip sony corp. plans to begin selling home servers for broadband and high definition tv systems powered by a revolutionary new computer chip in 2006, the japanese electronics and entertainment giant said monday.
4			microsoft	software	technology	beta	version			microsoft unveils new internet search engine microsofts first search technology went live on wednesday. the software giant claims that the preliminary or beta version of its msn search stands out from other search engines because it offers more
2			game			us games outfit catches rebranding cold logowatch unpleasant, but not fatal
2			player			olympus flashes music player camera combo com october 15, 2004, 10:55 am pt. japanese camera giant olympus this week unveiled a portable hard drive music player that can also function as a camera.
1			coup	president			mugabe flies to equatorial guinea zimbabwe's president is in equatorial guinea to discuss a suspected coup attempt against its government.
4			ship	upgrade	suite	version			oracle apps upgrade to ship within 60 days customers will be able to get their hands on the delayed version of oracle corp.'s e business suite 11i.10 within 60 days, the redwood shores, california, company announced monday, at the opening day of its openworld conference in london.
1			talk			qantas in talks with singapore air on a380 cost cuts sydney: australia 's flagship carrier, qantas, said yesterday it is talking with singapore airlines on ways to cut costs as both prepare to roll out the colossal a380 jet.
4			system	software			cisco buys routing software startup bcn systems cisco systems on thursday agreed to buy up the remaining portion of routing software startup bcn systems that it didn 't already own.
2			coach	season			celtics rolling uphill in a season with very few certainties, celtics coach doc rivers knew he could count on two things in the upcoming weeks.
4			enterprise	software	management	technology	storage			storagetek buys management company in its pursuit of one stop storage shop superstardom, storage technology corp. storagetek has bought storability software inc. and got hold of its enterprise storage resource manager product.
4			user	tool			fybersearch acquires rss feed search engine fybersearch acquires rss feed search engine fybersearch announced the acquisition of the feed archive search engine feedplex today in hopes of adding to its collection of useful search tools. feedplex is a feed search engine that provides internet users the ability to find data in xml rss format on the web. we are ...
3			good			the future of marsh depends on spitzer new york marsh mclennan has a good chance of surviving despite the departure of jeffrey greenberg, its chief executive, as long as its outside directors understand that removing greenberg is not the last but the first change they will have to make.
3			investment	stock	share			asian stocks head south on wall street asian shares dipped on thursday, as tech shares followed u.s. counterparts lower after an influential investment bank downgraded the sector.
4			software			oracle vows 'oversupport' for peoplesoft customers business software maker oracle corp. on tuesday promised to do everything it can to keep peoplesoft inc.'s giant customer base, whose departure could threaten the financial success of its proposed $ 9.2 billion takeover of peoplesoft.
2			stadium	cricket	team			indian team arrives at nagpur nagpur: the indian cricket team barring skipper saurav ganguly and batting maestro sachin tendulkar arrived in nagpur on saturday for the third cricket test against australia to be played at vca stadium from october 26.
4			police	system	software	networking	code	england			man arrested in uk in cisco code theft a 20 year old man has been arrested in england in the theft of the proprietary software blueprints used by cisco systems inc. 's networking equipment, police and the company confirmed friday.
3			trading	share			mitsubishi motors to buy preferred shares of isuzu motors london, november 18 mitsubishi corp , japans largest trading company, has agreed to purchase 11.75 million preferred shares, worth 9.4 billion us $ 90 million , of isuzu motors isu .
2			football	patriot	dame	coach	england	sport			notre dame makes weis decision south bend, ind., sports network the university of notre dame has named new england patriots assistant charlie weis its 28th football coach. weis, who will the fired tyrone willingham, will be introduced at a press conference monday at 11 a.m. et .
3			profit	sale	earnings			usa: kellogg posts higher q3 profit, raises guidance us cereal maker kellogg has reported higher third quarter earnings, driven by increased sales, and raised its earnings guidance for the full year 2004.
4			space	generation			editorial: cooper got america going in space l. gordon cooper was the real deal. he and his six colleagues known as the mercury seven inaugurated an age and captivated a generation of americans.
1			leader	party	cabinet	minister			right winger fini is new italy official gianfranco fini, a right wing leader who has turned his party from neo fascist to mainstream conservative, was appointed thursday as italy's new foreign minister, a cabinet minister said.
4			microsoft	technology			microsoft to preview new search engine microsoft corp., stepping up its efforts to compete with rival google inc., will offer consumers a preview of its technology for searching the internet, beginning thursday.
2			park	race			business watch ellis park in henderson, ky., will return to a five day race week next year amid complaints that six days of racing each week hurt field sizes and turned off bettors.
4			technology			introducing the bofh brand internet caf episode 29 or should that be 'technology centre'?
4			user	app	mac	application			mac to blackberry synchronization app launched in what may someday may be nicknamed the macberry, information appliance associates iaa announced this week a product called pocketmac blackberry, a synchronization application that will give rim blackberry users the ability to do two way synching of mac and rim data.
4			user			ireland modem hijack fraud news: a business in ireland found it had unknowingly racked up nearly $ 15,000 in calls. other modem users found they had charges for calls to the south pacific.
2			player			liquor giant makes move for mondavi san francisco constellation brands, a big player in the beer, wine and liquor business, says it has bid 970 m million dollars for california based winemaker robert mondavi.
3			share			spreading the gospel of firefox three days after the preview release of firefox 1.0 and more than 720,000 downloads later, the mozilla foundation is moving to a new phase in its online campaign to build more market share.
4			worm	virus	feature	version			webcam worm spies on victims the latest version of the rbot worm contains features that allow malicious hackers to easily turn on the webcam and microphone of infected windows computers, effectively allowing them to spy on their victims, according to an anti virus firm.
4			speed	networking			uc berkeley slows speed of light to improve networking optical fiber can deliver data fast, sometimes too fast. slowing light might make some networking bottlenecks vanish.
4			platform	microsoft	team	software	application			microsoft, bt team on software as services microsoftis ramping up its efforts to sell software as a service by teaming with u.k. telecommunications giant bt group plc to provide a platform for the delivery of its business applications.
4			user	lab	feature	software	mail	technology			yahoo joins the search with stata purchase yahoo has snapped up privately held e mail software company stata labs, which develops technology that allows users to quickly search through mail and attachments. the move, announced thursday, generated speculation that the internet powerhouse is gearing up to take on google inc.'s gmail webmail service, which features broad capabilities to search e mail messages.
2			team	race			budapest, day 1: everythings on track the renault f1 team ran through its programme without worrying about the timesheets or its rivals. the focus has been on sundays race, not fridays glory.
4			standard			wi fi group: jumping the gun on gear is risky the wi fi alliance strongly discourages manufacturers from launching products using standards that haven't yet been approved.
2			race	title	championship			rossi rushing towards world title italy 's valentino rossi, riding a yamaha, won the portuguese motogp race for the fourth year in a row to close on the world championship crown.
4			lab	system	researcher	technology	institute			cisco, mit look from lab to market cisco systems is teaming up with researchers at the massachusetts institute of technology to develop new communications technology that the company hopes to ultimately turn into products.
2			interview	talk	use	gene	game	sport			the olympic drug problem just eleven days into the 2004 olympics in athens, we have already been confronted with the seemingly common problem of drug use within sport. so much so, in fact, that it has been dubbed the gene games by chairman of the world anti doping agency's ethical issues review panel, thomas murray. in a recent interview conducted by the new york times, murray talks about the impact of drugs in sport, and what effect they have on the athletes involved.
4			use	high	speed	technology			blu ray rivals set up promotional group four proponents of high definition dvd technology will invite component manufacturers to join a group set up to help speed its commercialization, while sony has confirmed that it will use blue lasers in its next playstation console.
2			victory	race	win			blind japanese runner wins paralympic marathon japanese blind runner yuichi takahashi won the paralympic marathon sunday, unsure of his victory until well after he finished his race along the ancient course.
2			team	hockey	victory	player	cup	game			roundup: canada, sweden post victories even wearing an unflattering honey mustard colored sweater, team canada players showed their true colors in their opening game of the world cup of hockey on tuesday.
2			cup	race			hendrick airplane was on way to martinsville race a plane carrying members of the hendrick motorsports organization crashed sunday afternoon on its way to nascar 's nextel cup race at martinsville speedway, nascar officials confirmed.
4			technology			our kids are in big trouble government is using technology to burden their future and it's all our fault. by lawrence lessig from wired magazine.
2			play	graphic	game			dell swings new axims into play the axim 50 range comprises entry and mid level axim 50 models and the axim 50v which boasts a larger 3.7in screen supporting full vga resolution and bundled game, plus greater graphics power in the form of the 16mb intel 2700 accelerator.
4			pharmaceutical	technology			cat in alliance with astrazeneca cambridge antibody technology has announced an alliance with pharmaceutical giant astrazeneca after posting a slightly narrower annual loss before tax.
1			leader	top	minister			top tories back johnson sacking senior tories back their leader's decision to sack shadow arts minister boris johnson amid allegations about his private life.
2			player			calgary teammates among cfl players of the week calgary stampeders running back joffrey reynolds and defensive back joey boese were among the cfl players of the week announced tuesday.
2			club	score			santini reveals truth about arnesen right from the beginning there was a problem with responsibilities within the club, especially regarding recruitment, the frenchman said during half time, with the scores still level at 1 1.
3			investor	shareholder	president			disney chief defends paying $ 140m to fired president lawyers for investors suing walt disney co. questioned whether chief executive michael eisner held a formal meeting to tell board members there were no grounds to deny then president michael ovitz $ 140 million in severance. shareholders of disney, the number two us media company, contend directors did not know ovitz might be entitled to the $ 140 million if ...
4			integration	player			hitachi drive to connect with consumer devices company hopes to woo makers of music players and other devices with easy integration and trimmer drive.
1			talk			swisscom, austrian telecom talks cut off: oeiag negotiations between the austrian privatisation agency oeiag and the swiss telecommunications group swisscom for a stake in telekom austria ended without a deal, oeiag said in a statement.
1			corruption	president			kenya 's first graft conviction a well known kenyan businessman has been imprisoned in the first conviction under president mwai kibaki 's promised anti corruption drive.
3			investor	good	stock	share			stock buybacks not always a good sign investors who see company buybacks of stock as only good news may be overlooking the damage that certain share repurchases can do to companies financial health.
4			system	ibm			landmark deal: ibm 's planned selloff would signal end of an era ibm 's expected decision to sell its us $ 11.5 billion pc business would mark the end of an era and dramatically reshape the systems landscape, posing both opportunities and pitfalls for solution providers.
1			deputy	politician	president			shaik: nixon gets a mention deputy president jacob zuma is not the only controversial politician to have been dragged into the schabir shaik trial. on monday disgraced former us president richard nixon also received a mention
2			championship			update 1 peugeot citroen pull out deals a double blow french stablemates peugeot and citroen dealt rallying a double blow on thursday with the shock announcement that they were pulling out of the world championship at the end of 2005.
4			lab	high	software	team			yahoo to start chennai operations chennai: internet major yahoo inc will own a 25 member high skilled software professional team in chennai, after it acquired us based stata labs.
4			beta	technology			google adds adwords to froogle shopping feed google adds adwords to froogle shopping feed google has announced in their froogle friends newsletter that froogle will be adding an ad automator to froogle where merchants with over 1000 products who are also adwords advertisers are invited to try out the beta release of their new ad producing technology. this seems ...
4			technology			lucent lands isle of man deal the isle of man is once again in the spotlight, this time with mmo2 's plans to tap lucent technologies for a manx telecom umts network.
2			coach	stadium	football	season			wake forest comes up short again the continuing heartache of wake forest 's acc football season was best described by fifth ranked florida state coach bobby bowden, after his seminoles had edged the deacons 20 17 saturday at groves stadium.
3			silicon	shareholder	retailer			boardroom fight snags redenvelope redenvelope, a san francisco online retailer that survived the internet downturn to become a public company last year, is caught in the middle of a boardroom fight between dissident shareholders and one of silicon valley's most successful venture capitalists.
4			linux	feature			briefly: linux release features windows support roundup plus: gmail delivered to desktops...chinadotcom mobile services suspended...maker of disposable rfid tags gets millions...mitsubishi expands solar production.
4			user	software	spyware			group, dell launch anti spyware campaign a prominent internet safety organization and leading computer maker dell inc. launched a campaign friday to help consumers fend off spyware, software that can cause sluggish computer performance or popup ads and secretly monitor the activities of internet users.
4			tool	access			google launches academic search the world's most popular search engine has launched a new tool to improve access to academic publications.
2			football	point	soccer	side	cup	game			vogts future as manager of scottish soccer side still in the ... the scottish football association postponed a board meeting tuesday that had been called to discuss the german 's future. scotland has picked up just two points from its first three qualifying games for the 2006 world cup.
4			generation			toshiba promises laptops with hd dvd next year toshiba will market laptops with hd dvd drives by the end of next year, becoming one of the first manufacturers to commit to a next generation dvd format.
4			hacker	club	system	code	source			source code club: hacker hoax or cisco headache? source code club 's last attempt to cash in on other people 's intellectual property targeted enterasys network 's dragon intrusion detection system, which scc offered for $ 16,000, and napster 's
1			leader	politician	leadership	murder	election	victory	opposition			who next? ukraine's opposition leader fears murder ukraine's main opposition leader and presidential hopeful viktor yushchenko on tuesday warned politicians their lives could be in danger from a murderous leadership bent on election victory.
4			user			at wireless goes to market with ogo at wireless says its new ogo messaging device is meant to create an entirely new category of users. ogo doesn 't pretend to be all things to all people, and is not bogged down by hardly
3			share			eu warns italy on alitalia stake the italian state must give up its majority stake in troubled alitalia when the airline sells new shares, the eu warns.
3			good			smart bandage to help diabetics a smart bandage studded with sensors could help people with diabetes maintain good health.
4			user	software	president	project			borland stresses easing software project burdens borland with its software delivery optimization sdo plan is looking to enable users to manage software projects like a business, borlands boz elloy, senior vice president of software products, told attendees at the borcon conference here on monday.
2			cup	game	striker			diouf suspended for spitting senegal world cup striker el hadji diouf will miss bolton 's next three games after he admitted a misconduct charge on tuesday for spitting in an opponent 's face.
4			microsoft	software	technology			microsoft to launch new search engine software giant hopes to challenge google with new search technology.
3			high	sale			reebok unveils high tech sneaker pump 2.0 hoping to build on the success of a shoe that generated big sales but also some snickers when it was introduced 15 years ago, reebok inc.
2			title	antonio	round	match	sport			barrera earns majority decision over morales in rubber match las vegas, nv sports network marco antonio barrera has captured the world boxing council super featherweight title with a 12 round majority decision over erik el terrible morales at the mgm grand garden arena in las vegas.
4			novell	microsoft	software	technology			suit claims microsoft hurt novell days after collecting a $ 536 million antitrust settlement from microsoft corp., novell returned to court friday to claim the technology giant used its market dominance to shut out wordperfect and other software in the mid 1990s.
4			microsystems	software	hardware	storage			sun moves up with nas, down with san besides unleashing solaris 10, sun microsystems on monday plans to turn the spotlight on new storage hardware and software offerings as part of its quarterly product launch.
2			team	football			a spot for harvard, nu harvard running back clifton dawson, a sophomore, was named to the associated press division 1 aa all america football team yesterday.
1			leader			germany deports islamic leader an islamic leader sought by ankara on treason charges has been deported by germany hours after a court cleared his extradition. muhammad metin kaplan, 51, was detained at an internet caf in cologne and hustled
1			election	opposition			huge rally for fair election tens of thousands of people supporting opposition presidential candidate viktor yushchenko rallied in ukraine 's capital yesterday demanding that next week 's presidential election be free and fair.
4			lab	system			cisco joins mit media lab consortium cisco systems, an avid supporter of mit, has joined the mit media labs digital life consortium as a sponsor.
4			graphic	license	technology			sony picks up graphics tech for psp the company licenses graphics compression technology from s3 graphics for its upcoming playstation portable.
2			golf	play	tour	player	tennis	sport			tennis player draper to join australian golf tour australian tennis player scott draper qualified friday for australia's secondary golf tour and said he planned to play both sports next year.
3			user	growth			survey: porn to boost wireless web services mobile phone users around the world will spend $ 1 billion a year on pornography sent to their handsets by 2008, which may boost the wireless services sector much as it fueled growth in the fixed line internet, a market research firm said.
2			sport			daimlerchrysler recalls durangos bowing to pressure from federal safety regulators, daimlerchrysler ag said friday it is recalling 600,000 trucks and sport utility vehicles, many of which were made in delaware at the durango plant.
4			producer	space	design	cell	standard			arm grasps artisan for embedded chips p gt;semiconductor design firm arm quote, chart is took a major leap into the embedded microprocessor space by acquiring artisan components quote, chart , producer of embedded memory, standard cell, input output, analog and mixed signal components.
2			team	code			geeks code for the gold competitors are still going at it in athens, but this time the teams are trying to write the most elegant code. by michelle delio.
3			high	chain			georgetown attracts high end retail chains the area's mix of retail tenants is changing from mom and pop shops to a blend of well known chains.
4			hardware			transmeta hype suffers hardware reality four years after its splashy launch, chip maker is still struggling.
4			system	buying	software			cisco buys bcn systems cisco systems inc. nasdaq: csco message board announced late thursday that it is buying routing software startup bcn systems inc.
4			software	microsoft			sendo ends legal dispute with microsoft uk mobile handset manufacturer sendo has ended a long legal wrangle with us software company microsoft through an out of court settlement.
4			vendor			nortel delays release of financial reports nortel networks says it will again delay the release of its restated financial results. the canadian telecom vendor originally promised to release the restated results in september.
2			cup	fan	race			drive fast, turn left: the chase made sense in the end, nascar got what it wanted and the fans got what they didnt know they wanted. with the inaugural 10 race chase for the nascar nextel cup now in the proverbial rearview mirror, even the naysayers
4			standard	networking			intel expands centrino capabilities intel expanded the capabilities of its centrino chips thursday by introducing support for an additional wireless networking standard known as 802.
4			supply	technology	park	high	application			infineon to build a fab in malaysia to build chips for cars and ... infineon technologies will build a fab in kulim high tech park, malaysia, to produce power supply and logic chips used in cars and industrial power applications, the firm announced on december 8. infineon
4			system	sale			research alert suntrust robinson raises imclone to buy imclone systems inc. imcl.o: quote, profile, research was raised to buy from neutral by suntrust robinson humphrey because consensus estimates for sales of its cancer drug are more realistic than they were.
4			broadband	high	country	technology			spain sprouts wimax network europe appears to be fertile ground for new wimax networks. spain is the latest country to embrace the emerging high end broadband wireless technology, following recent deployments in france, ireland, and the u.k.
2			team			wanadoo teams with loudeye to extend music service wanadoo has signed a deal with u.s. based digital media firm loudeye to bring its online music service to subscribers in the netherlands and spain, the internet division of france telecom said on tuesday.
4			integration	application	technology	server			oracle readies integration splash oracle at the oracle openworld conference in san francisco the week of dec. 5 plans to unveil oracle integration, a product that combines the companys application server with several other technologies for integration and enablement of soas service oriented architectures .
2			source	sport			montoya to be summoned by fia over conduct formula one 's governing body will summon colombian juan pablo montoya to a meeting in december to explain his conduct, motor sport sources said on thursday.
4			user	pack	system	application			windows service pack deadline extended windows xp users have until early next year to update business systems and applications before the operating system 's service pack sp 2 is fully unleashed.
2			game			china 's olympic flying start as the excitement of the athens olympic games fades, the build up to beijing 2008 is in full swing. the countdown to china began last weekend when beijing 's mayor took possession of the olympic flag at the athens closing ceremony.
4			software			first look: intuit's quickbooks for newbies new simple start edition accounting software targets small businesses still using pencil and paper.
2			game			defense improving the overall defense is coming off as fine a performance as anyone could have expected as the hokies prepare for their first ever acc road game against wake forest.
1			interview	president	election			ukrainian president criticizes court order for new vote in his first interview since ukraine held a disputed election, leonid d. kuchma blamed the candidates and external pressure.
2			point	team	season			wisconsin guard boo wade taking leave boo wade, expected to compete to be wisconsin's starting point guard this season, is taking an indefinite leave of absence from the team.
3			good			irs looking to give good news to taxpayers the irs is looking for 1,025 hoosier taxpayers who havent received their income tax refund checks. twenty one of those checks were addressed to residents in johnson county.
4			license	developer			perpetual entertainment to beam up star trek mmorpg san francisco developer publisher lands coveted paramount sci fi license, $ 6.5 million in funding on same day. although it is less than two years old, perpetual entertainment has acquired one of the most coveted sci fi licenses on the market.
4			cell	system	software			chip maker agere posts loss on charges agere systems inc., which makes computer chips and software for cell phones and other devices, tuesday said it fell to a loss for its latest quarter, hurt by charges for its restructuring plan and declining revenue.
2			medal	title	championship			phelps makes winning return at world championships indianapolis: michael phelps made a winning return to the pool at the world short course championships today, capturing the 200m freestyle title and the first of a possible six gold medals.
2			league	steroid	baseball	season	player	sport			report: baseball and union discuss steroid policy new york, ny sports network officials from major league baseball and the players union have reportedly discussed a new drug testing policy that could go into effect for the 2005 season.
3			investor	growth			a matter of missing foreign investors in hindsight it is becoming clear that the strong economic growth over the past two years depended on bringing in large quantities of capital from the rest of the world.
2			game			carter's subtle mistake costs the jets a game a mistake surfaced at the worst possible time during quincy carter's debut as the starter in place of the injured chad pennington.
3			earnings			apple whistles a happy itunes this week's earnings report is expected to shed light on the impact of itunes for windows, which launched one year ago.
3			investment			quattrone barred for life from securities frank p. quattrone, the former star investment banker who was found guilty of obstruction of justice, has been barred from the securities industry for life by regulators who contend
2			game	president			the conspiracy game: jfk 's assassination is turned into computer ... for years, experts have argued over who killed president john kennedy and whether it was the work of a lone gunman. now, after four decades of endless speculation, a
1			fighting			hopkins knocks out de la hoya his way bernard hopkins came into the ring to a recording of one of frank sinatras epic songs. fighting his usual tactical fight, hopkins allowed oscar de la hoya to dominate the first
1			leadership	election	opposition			ukraine readies knife edge poll amid demo threats ukraine prepared saturday for a knife edge presidential election amid threats by the opposition contender to launch street protests if he is denied the leadership by cheating.
1			parliament			legal challenge to ban on hunting the countryside alliance prepares a legal challenge to the parliament act used to force the hunt ban into law.
1			president			nintendo president iwata speaks nintendo began its nds press conference in japan yesterday with a lengthy statement from company head satoru iwata.
4			ibm	software	vendor			ibm enhances support for isvs the new initiative will automate and simplify the process for independent software vendors to become ibm business partners, according to a statement.
4			desktop	microsoft	race	tool	technology			copernic unveils desktop search tool copernic technologies has announced the free availability of the copernic desktop search cds , beating microsoft and google in the desktop search race.
4			generation	technology	win	fall			toshiba in a dvd win four hollywood studios promised to support toshiba 's next generation of dvd technology, due in stores next fall. the technology, called hd dvd, is doing battle with sony
4			hardware	content	development			hd dvd group forms promotion unit group to push development of hd dvd hardware and content, plus try to drive commercial adoption.
4			standard			zigbee 802.14.5 is one of the many personal area network pan standards around like bluetooth and ultrawideband uwb . like most ieee 802 standards, the wireless industry knew what the ieee was doing or didn 't do in the case of uwb was not enough.
1			tension	good	election	ally			wto oks sanctions vs. u.s. in trade row the european union and its allies got the go ahead on tuesday to slap potentially heavy sanctions on u.s. goods in a row that could stir trade tensions ahead of the u.s. elections.
2			player			iriver h10 finally, the wait is over. after a long wait, iriver has finally decided to challenge the might of creative and apple in the 5 gb portable music player department.
3			chain			drugstore offers new wave of disposable cameras pharmacy chain cvs corp. cvs.n: quote, profile, research on thursday said it would offer the world 's first disposable digital camera with a bright color viewing screen that allows consumers to instantly preview pictures.
4			tool	management	application			sponsor: cost savings through application performance management try this interactive roi assessment tool
4			system			cisco to sell routers with fujitsu cisco systems inc. csco.o: quote, profile, research , the largest maker of gear to direct internet traffic, said on sunday japanese computer and electronics provider fujitsu ltd.
4			software	patch			oracle puts patches on a schedule following microsoft's lead, software maker opts to issue fixes on a monthly timetable. but does that make customers more secure?
4			tool	wrap	application	development			tools wrap: web services, e commerce, xml touted systinet corp., inc. and altova gmbh this week are announcing tools geared toward development of web services, e commerce, and xml applications, respectively.
2			football			warner leads giants revival kurt warner, perhaps more than maybe any other american football athlete, understands the bright light of stardom, and how quickly it can fade.
4			user			dell to introduce its first color laser printers dell inc. is expected to add a splash of color to its laser printer lineup wednesday with three new models for businesses and home office users.
4			system	platform	access			nokia revamps vpn system security nokia nyse: nok has upgraded the security and functionality of its secure access system virtual private network vpn platform.
3			investor	profit	outlook			moody 's revises fedex outlook to stable from negative moody 's investors service on friday revised its outlook on fedex corp. fdx.n: quote, profile, research to stable from negative, citing expected improvements in fedex 's profits
4			software	team	technology	season			tata signs ferrari formula one deal ferrari has signed tata consultancy services, india 's largest software company, to provide technology and engineering services for the italian team 's vehicle in next year 's formula one season.
2			player			world prize still within henry 's grasp thierry henry might find some consolation in the fact that the european player of the year has gone on to be crowned the worlds best only once in the last four years.
2			baseball			bonds trainer says he was coerced, threatened the personal trainer to baseball slugger barry bonds says investigators searched his home without showing a warrant last year and made threatening comments to him, his girlfriend and his young son.
4			researcher	technology	institute	scientist	standard	cell			cell phones could keep atomic time atomic clocks may be headed into cell phones, thanks to a breakthrough by federal researchers. scientists at the national institute of standards and technology have demonstrated the heart of an atomic clock
3			investor	movie	share			sony led group agrees to buy mgm film studio for $ 2.9 billion sony corp. and a group of investors said they ve agreed in principle to buy metro goldwyn mayer inc., the movie studio controlled by billionaire kirk kerkorian, for $ 12 a share, or about $ 2.
4			platform	ibm	software	development	server	code			ibm launches atlantic calling it their most significant release in the last four or five years, ibm's rational software on wednesday formally rolled out its rational software platform, code named atlantic, intended to better unify software development across ibm's line of server software.
1			parliament	country			somali parliament sworn in as clan dispute flares members of a new somali transitional parliament were sworn in sunday, a key step toward establishing the country 's first national government since 1991.
4			microsoft	system	software	patch	flaw			dangerous exploit targets jpeg flaw a software patch to protect your system is available from microsoft.
1			president			realnetworks online petition targeting apple backfires there was a lot of obscenity and personal comments about chief executive rob glaser, said senior vice president dan sheeran.
4			user	hardware	desktop	linux	feature			gnome: we have feature parity with windows an upgraded gnome desktop environment for linux and unix is due for release this wednesday, with its authors pitching enhanced features for end users and a commitment to make hardware just work .
4			software	vendor	technology	server	application			lack of tests could block virtualization attendees at gartner's annual data center conference said their packaged applications have to be tested on servers equipped with virtualization software before they can adopt the technology. but some vendors may not have the wherewithal to do the testing.
3			cent	profit	chain	sale	gain			profit climbs at talbots womenswear chain, helped by tax gain talbots inc. said wednesday its profit for the latest quarter edged up five per cent, boosted by higher sales and an income tax gain.
4			energy	award	fund	technology	development			doe awards $ 235 million for clean energy power plant in fla. the us department of energy has awarded a $ 235 million grant to help fund the development of a clean, advanced technology coal fired power plant near orlando, fla.
3			good			gucci replaces chief executive santucci gucci group, the luxury goods division of pinault printemps redoute sa, said wednesday that giacomo santucci has been replaced as chief executive of the gucci brand.
3			good			to survive the dance, marsh must follow spitzer 's lead jeffrey greenberg will almost certainly be gone. but his company, marsh mclennan, has a good chance of surviving as long as its outside directors understand that mr.
2			game			game day is mom's day for senior guard elton brown, his mom and late uncle are never more than an arm's length away.
2			team			competing for causes the leukemia and lymphoma society's team in training surveyed its runners and found that one of the primary reasons people join a marathon training group is to meet other people.
1			winner	election	president			romania winner threatens new poll romania's president elect warns he may call fresh elections if his alliance fails to form a new government.
2			coach	championship	win			a familiar ring in wisconsin in the offseason, wisconsin coach barry alvarez gathered his seniors together for a stark reminder of their status in madison. should they fail to win a big ten championship, alvarez reminded
4			silicon	researcher			researchers say microscope can see atoms oak ridge national laboratory researchers are peering into the atomic world with record clarity, developing an electron microscope image that can distinguish the individual, dumbbell shaped atoms of silicon in a crystal.
4			science	technology			ga. science museum to suspend operations after years of declining attendance and contributions, the science and technology museum of georgia is suspending operations this weekend.
1			crisis			east west standoff in ukraine hardens, eu seeks to mediate foreign mediators are to join efforts to resolve ukraine's deepening political crisis, sparked by a fiercely disputed presidential vote which has polarised the former soviet republic along pro western and pro russian lines.
2			sport			rulon gardner says goodbye to olympic wrestling rulon gardner, who had already left a big mark in the world of olympic wrestling, left his shoes on the mat to signify his retirement from the ancient sport.
4			buying	run	system	design	software	networking	development			cisco purchase of bcn is par for the course cisco systems acquisition of bcn systems, a tiny networking software design company, runs true to form as cisco continues its practice of buying key techn ologies to advance its product development strategy.
4			processor	pentium	technology	core			did intel mock up dual pentium 4 demo? analyst nathan brookwood has raised several questions about a technology announcement intel made last week on pentium 4 dual core processors and wonders just what technology was under the hood.
4			worm	software			german teen who made sasser worm hired by computer security firm a german teenager accused of creating the sasser worm that infected millions of computers around the world is being taught to become a security software programmer, the company that hired him said.
4			desktop	high	pentium	technology			product review: hp d530 business desktop i.t. managers will appreciate the versatility of the hp nyse: hpq d530 business desktop, equipped with a 2.8 ghz pentium 4 with hyperthreading technology. the small form factor desktop targets business consumers seeking a reasonably priced, high end pc. hp has produced a business machine that will fulfill any office task without draining your entire pc budget.
3			sale	stock			peoplesoft threatens oracle with suit peoplesoft's chief executive on thursday said oracle was spreading misleading information about his stock sales and he threatened to sue for defamation on the eve of the expiration of oracle's $ 8.8 billion hostile tender offer.
3			top	profit	retailer			ban for former ahold executives dutch food retailer ahold and three former top executives have agreed to settle fraud charges related to $ 1bn overstatement of profits.
4			system	linux	vendor	version			palmsource to add linux os to offerings palmsource surprised the mobile vendor community today with the announcement that it will acquire china mobilesoft cms , ostensibly to leverage that company's expertise in building a mobile version of the linux operating system.
4			system	investment	cell	fuel			update 2: daimlerchrysler, ford to invest in ballard fuel cell maker ballard power systems inc. on friday said it exercised its right to call a 55 million canadian dollar $ 44.6 million investment from daimlerchrysler ag and ford motor co.
3			chain			hyatt to buy amerisuites hotel chain hyatt corp. on thursday said it agreed to buy amerisuites, an upscale limited service hotel chain that it hopes will complement its full service portfolio.
3			investor	high			gold touches 16 year high in europe london: gold squeezed out another 16 year peak yesterday afternoon in europe at $ 437.40 per ounce, before shrinking back slightly with the euro after robust us data took the shine off bullion for non us investors.
4			silicon	game	feature			playboy to feature video game characters playboy is taking a chance on silicon instead of silicone. the october issue of the men's magazine features several video game characters posing in the nude images created by the game companies through detailed computer illustration.
2			golf	top	delhi	player	fan	sport			coming soon awesome foursome, starring vijay singh new delhi, september 28: local golf fans are in for a treat: for the first time ever, the sports top ranked player will be in india.
4			patent	share	license	technology	development			sony and samsung in patent deal sony corporation and samsung electronics have agreed to share patents on technology used in the development of new products. the agreement will involve a wide range of commercial licenses but will not include
2			football			brazil footballer's mother freed kidnappers free the mother of brazilian football star robinho, six weeks after seizing her at gunpoint.
4			producer	top	networking	technology	alternative	access			modem to connect with speedy cellular tech a top networking gear producer plans to offer a speedy new cellular technology that's an alternative to dsl and cable internet access with the added advantage of being available on the road.
3			value			asset writedown hurts mci between them, the three carriers have cut back the value of their long distance networks by $ 18.4 billion at 's writedown was $ 11.
1			party	politics			pota repeal smacks of votebank politics: bjp for the bjp, the repeal of pota is a brazen attempt at practising votebank politics at the cost of national interest. the party has decided to highlight the dangerous consequences that could entail the upa
4			use	server			sun to rent cpu time on server farm sun 's coo jonathan schwartz has outlined a new direction for his company in the form of a cycle farm. such a farm would rent out cpu time by the hour for a nominal charge 99 cents for the use of a dual cpu
2			basketball	fighting	season	dame	coach	sport	mike			notre dame extends brey through 2010 11 season south bend, in sports network notre dame head basketball coach mike brey has signed a two year extension that will keep him under contract with the fighting irish through the 2010 11 season.
4			user			pennsylvania porn law struck down a pennsylvania law which was designed to prevent internet users from child pornography has been chucked out because it blocks free speech.
4			murder	technology			expert: gps in peterson case had glitches satellite navigation devices used to track scott peterson's car after his wife's disappearance sometimes developed glitches, once indicating he was driving 30,000 mph, an expert in the technology acknowledged monday at peterson's murder trial...
3			general	sale			honda, ge create joint company for jet engine sales honda motor co., japan 's third largest automaker, and general electric co., the world 's biggest jet engine maker, formed a joint venture for their partnership to sell a new honda engine for business aircraft.
3			high	earnings	share			tivo earnings reflect cost of customer acquisition tivo 's q2 earnings reflect the high cost of attracting new subscribers to its customer base. the company lost $ 10.8 million, or 13 cents a share, on revenue of $ 27.
4			leader	system	networking			netflix testing networking system online dvd rental leader netflix inc. is putting social networking on its marquee of coming attractions for next year.
2			use	sport			revelations only confirm suspicions about drugs only the nave or willfully ignorant seem not to understand that drug use has been widespread for many years in elite sport.
3			share			wrigley to buy kraft 's life savers for $ 1.48 bln wm. wrigley jr. co. agreed to buy the brands including altoids mints and life savers for $ 1.48 billion from kraft foods inc., its biggest acquisition ever, to expand its share of the candy market.
4			british	technology			indian firm bucks trend with jobs expansion in n ireland as british unions cry foul over an exodus of jobs to asia, one indian information technology firm is bucking the trend, hiring 250 more staff at a call centre in northern ireland.
2			game			illinois seeks game ban illinois governor rod blagojevich is proposing to make it a misdemeanour for businesses to sell violent and sexually explicit video games to minors, a step that other states have tried with little success.
2			team			astronomers observe collision of galaxies, formation of larger ... an international team of astronomers has obtained the clearest images yet of the merger of two distant clusters of galaxies, calling it one of the most powerful cosmic events ever witnessed.
4			server			hp quits chipmaking alliance with intel hewlett packard yesterday announced it was quitting the microprocessor making business by severing its 10 year partnership with intel to develop itanium chips for server computers.
4			standard			blackberry shrinks phone keyboard a new keyboard for phones that incorporates a traditional qwerty layout and a standard number pad has been developed by the makers of the blackberry mobiles.
4			use	software	technology	enterprise			copernic spins off coveo enterprise search copernic spins off coveo enterprise search copernic technologies inc. today announced the creation of a new separate company, coveo solutions inc. the company will focus exclusively on providing easy to use, powerful and secure enterprise search software to businesses, organizations and government entities. the creation of coveo is in response to overwhelming market demand ...
4			software			in software industry, size matters the fragmented software business is growing up.
3			investor	investment	fund	trading			putnam cuts 100 more staffers putnam investments yesterday said it will dismiss another 100 employees in a cost cutting move to reflect its smaller size after an employee trading scandal cost it tens of billions in investors funds.
4			platform	game	sale			enter the world of warcraft, soon in a simultaneous cross platform release, multiplayer online role playing game world of warcraft will go on sale in north america on november 23, and here in the uk shortly after .
4			software			computers with multiple personalities the jury's still out on whether a computer can ever truly be intelligent, but there's no question that it can have multiple personalities. it's just a matter of software.
4			application	tool	gain			windows installer gains .net authoring wise solutions has released wise for windows installer 6.0, featuring .net support and enhanced tools for creating installations for data driven web applications.
4			processor			paypal to impose fines for breaking rules online payment processor paypal said it would fine customers as much as $ 500 if they violate the company's policies against using the service for gambling, pornography or selling prescription drugs without official certification...
4			speed	software	core			dual core chips may raise software costs faced with weak demand for pcs and technical limits on the speed of its products, intel is betting on a future in which every chip it makes contains what amounts to two computers.
2			medal	game	championship	win			americans win gold at world cyber games amid fanfare fit for actual world class athletes, five americans with really quick fingers took home the gold medal in the popular counter strike competition of the world cyber games championships, capping five days of intense gaming by the world's elite.
4			design			search engine friendly design and coding search engine friendly design and coding especially flash its been almost a year since i attended a session of this nature. i was not too impressed last time, so i am hoping things have changed within the year. brett introduces the panel, by saying its the first time wmw is doing ...
2			medal	team			germans 'lose event gold' germany is reportedly stripped of its three day event team gold medal after a joint appeal was upheld.
4			system	database	technology			pinpointing voters on a map voter databases are old hat to political campaigns. but by taking that same data and overlaying it on a map a technology called geographic information systems operatives are becoming more effective at getting out the vote. by jacob ogles.
2			withdrawal	team	sport			already running on our news wire racing supremo bernie ecclestone today described the withdrawal of jaguar from formula one as no surprise. the struggling team 's future was in doubt after fears that it had struggled to find the money needed to compete in the cash driven sport.
4			software	management			computer associates to cut 5 of workforce computer associates quote, chart said it would cut 800 employees from its payroll in order to save $ 70 million per year. the move is part of the islandia, ny based management software maker 's plan to streamline operations.
4			point	technology			after delays, intel points to chip making advance intel is on track to introduce the world 's most advanced chip production technology in its products next year, the largest semiconductor maker said sunday.
4			human	suite	license	software	use			postal service to use sap sap america inc. won a $ 35 million contract to replace the us postal service 's 25 year old human resources software. the contract covers $ 14 million in license and maintenance fees for the mysap business suite
4			cell	card	vendor			sandisk releases flasher flash cards a californian vendor of flash cards sandisk has released new memory cards that they say will make a big splash in consumer gizmos like digital cameras and cell phones.
1			war			vatican says china 'once again' abusing catholics the vatican accused china saturday of launching a fresh crackdown on roman catholics, upping the ante in its war of words against the communist state.
1			democrat	talk	morning	election			china invites moderate democrats to meetings paper china has invited four newly elected pro democracy lawmakers for talks in a conciliatory gesture after weekend legislative elections, the south china morning post reported on thursday.
1			talk	airway			us airways, pilots resume talks us airways group and its pilots union have resumed negotiations, the air line pilots association said wednesday afternoon.
4			desktop	strength	software	technology	beta	ace			vmware reveals ace in the hole using its strengths in virtual machine technology, vmware on monday unwrapped new beta software for the desktop that allows administrators to more securely deploy and mange work environments outside the corporate network.
2			player	fifa	football			don't stand for racism football chief fifa boss sepp blatter says he would have backed england's players if they had walked off against spain.
4			desktop	technology			intel sheds light on 2005 desktop strategy intel's products for the digital home and digital office in 2005 will give consumers and it managers more capabilities than just raw performance, and the company plans to highlight those products as it did with its centrino mobile technology, intel executives said tuesday.
1			party	presidency	victory	president	win	opposition			world ; mexico opposition has early lead in state voting victories would put the pri on track to win back the presidency after losing it in 2000 to president vicente fox 's center right national action party pan after 71 years of uninterrupted rule.
2			game			australians may boycott games village melbourne: australian athletes could boycott the melbourne 2006 commonwealth games village because of fears that it might be overcrowded, noisy and hot, a newspaper has reported.
4			card	feature			leadtek winfast px6600td geforce 6600 card review mid range features, performance for under 100?
3			retailer			internet retailers reaching out to mailbox surfers e commerce sites have been dabbling in catalogs for the past few years, but now theyre getting more serious, with more sites mailing more catalogs than ever.
4			increase	silicon	speed	technology			intel sketches out nanotechnology road map the firm is planning new ways to shrink transistors and increase chip speed. could spintronics replace silicon based technology?
4			ibm	developer	application	computing	version			ibm improves on autonomic toolkit ibm on friday gave its autonomic computing strategy is boost unwrapping an enhanced version of a toolkit designed to help developers more quickly integrate a number of self managing functions into their existing applications and services.
4			developer	tool	version			borland updates its life cycle tools new versions of caliberrm and starteam are intended to ease communication between developers and businesspeople.
2			stadium			dc council approves stadium, maybe, sort of after all the twists and turns that the washington, dc stadium controversy has taken, we should have known it wouldn 't end simply.
1			talk			volkswagen lays gauntlet at german union 's feet volkswagen challenged its workers with a tough wage plan on monday ahead of talks seen as a gauge of their readiness to favor job security over pay
2			title			no. 14 utah begins defense of mwc title utah hopes to rely on a more conventional approach against air force this year.
4			hardware	system	talk	feature			nintendo ds feature a day 4 going all the way to the official launch of the nintendo ds system, we re going to break the new handheld hardware down to its individual parts and talk about specific elements that make the nintendo ds so darn cool.
3			chain			leeds utd reject new takeover bid from sainsbury his initial takeover was thwarted by leeds after a failure to provide promised monies two weeks ago. yesterday, mr sainsbury the great grandson of the founder of the supermarket chain evealed he had
1			war			new internet magazine grooms women for jihad dubai: our main mission: push our children to the battlefield, like al khansaa, declares umm raad al tamimi in a newly launched online magazine teaching women how to contribute to jihad, or holy war.
2			league	streak	season	player	game			brown playing backup when brown opens its ivy league season saturday against visiting harvard, there will be more on the minds of the players and coaching staff than avenging last year's 52 14 loss to the crimson or trying to end harvard's four game winning streak against the bears.
3			sale			nestle considering perrier sale nestle sa said wednesday it is considering selling french mineral water brand perrier after a trade union blocked a plan to cut almost 800 jobs.
2			minnesota	knee	game	sport			vikings bennett to remain sidelined eden prairie, mn sports network minnesota vikings running back michael bennett is expected to miss at least two more games after undergoing arthroscopic surgery on his right knee monday.
3			share			peoplesoft dips after rejecting oracle 's latest bid peoplesoft shares fell in premarket trade thursday after the company rejected oracle 's latest takeover offer of $ 24 a share, worth at least $ 8.
3			shareholder	value			stelmar founder to vote against buyout the founder of greek tanker firm stelmar shipping ltd. on tuesday urged shareholders to vote against a proposed acquisition by a private equity group, saying the cash deal undercuts the company 's value at a time when the sector continues gaining ground.
3			earnings			take two sacked on fourth down take two follows up bad news with a mediocre earnings report and uninspiring guidance.
4			feature	generation			disney to go with blu ray next gen dvd the battle for supremacy in the realm of the next generation dvd heated up thursday as the walt disney co. announced that it will distribute its features on the blu ray format.
4			software	standard	networking	technology			intel updates wireless chips, software intel corp. unveiled an update to its wireless networking technology thursday, adding simpler software, improved security and support for a more robust, less interference prone radio standard.
4			science			new stanford center probes nanoscale material the national science foundation nsf has awarded $ 7.5 million over five years to establish the center for probing the nanoscale cpn at stanford university.
1			leader	party	sharing	president			sinn fin president gerry adams tonight gave his backing for a plan to revive power sharing in northern ireland. the party confirmed that at a meeting of senior sinn fin leaders in belfast, mr adams said
3			investment			quattrone gets 18 month sentence a federal judge slammed former wall street banking star frank p. quattrone wednesday with an 18 month prison sentence for obstructing a federal securities investigation, ruling that the investment banker lied on the stand during his trial.
4			concern	software	hardware	price			dell cuts prices on many corporate products while taking a back seat to software and security efforts, hardware is still a big time concern according to our survey. organizations are taking the opportunity to consolidate their environments as they replace
4			processor	pentium	desktop	run	technology	version			intel intros new pentium 4 for desktop replacements a new version of the pentium 4 aimed at the desktop replacement market has been introduced by intel. the snappily named mobile intel pentium 4 processor 548 supporting ht technology runs at 3.33ghz and is
2			attack	hall	cricket	career	match	sport			proteas thwart india spin attack, are at 459 for 7: sports india, cricket: kanpur, nov 21 : andrew hall 's career best 163 enabled south africa to remain in a commanding position at the end of day 2 of the first test match against india held in kanpur.
4			database	app	software	server	application			oracle serves up lower cost app server at oracle openworld, the database software giant touts the application server aimed at midsize companies.
4			user			palmone intros treo 650 smartphone the treo allows users to dial contacts by name from a contacts list or enter a name or number on the improved backlit qwerty keyboard or on screen dial pad.
4			design	energy			the greening of ground zero skyscrapers that power themselves through wind and solar energy collected on their roofs are named in the winning designs in a competition aimed at creating a greener modern city.
4			technology			search upstart launches new site online search engine upstart vivisimo inc. is setting out to persuade the masses that google inc.'s vaunted technology isn't the most efficient way to find things on the internet.
4			price	software	generation			software as a service feels price pinch the worldwide services industry is undergoing a shift similar to what happened in manufacturing a generation ago, according to idc analyst marianne hedin.
2			nfl	standard	game	team			thereview though electronic arts' madden nfl video games have always set the standard for how the game is played on the virtual field, this year's edition makes its biggest strides by incorporating what teams go through off it.
4			design			sony announces slim ps2 console while inheriting the basic functions and design philosophy of the current playstation 2, the internal design architecture of the new ps2 model has been completely overhauled, resulting in a slimmer and more lightweight form.
4			patent	microsoft	file	technology			microsoft vows fight on latest patent rejection in a preliminary ruling, the government rejected microsoft corp. msft 's 1996 patent on technology for saving files on computers using easy to remember names...
4			leader	development	technology	code	qualcomm	access			qualcomm opens r centre in hyderabad qualcomm incorporated, pioneer and world leader of code division multiple access cdma digital wireless technology, on october 1 announced the opening of a research and development r center in hyderabad, india.
4			desktop	ibm	computing	generation			the whining class nearly a generation ago, in 1981, the debut of the ibm pc ushered in the personal computing era of business, a wondrous event in the history of computing that led to the immediate birth of one of the most thankless tasks in it: desktop support.
2			receiver	chicago	sport			bears wide receiver terrell arrested lake forest, ill. sports network chicago bears wide receiver david terrell has been arrested for traffic violations.
4			software			fbi seizes $ 87 million worth of illegal software a two year investigation by u.s. law enforcement authorities has resulted in one of the largest seizures of fake software ever in the u.s. and charges against 11 individuals, government officials said thursday.
4			space	system	management			report says air force's space programs improved the air force's management of its space programs has improved during the past year but some systems, including an early warning missile contract, will continue to need special attention, according to an advisory panel review released yesterday.
4			high	speed	technology			intel invests in new wireless venture hoping to accelerate the deployment of a new wireless technology, intel corp. announced monday it's invested in a venture started by billionaire craig mccaw to deliver high speed internet service over the airwaves.
2			race	holding	carter	win	teammate	sport			new zealand dominate men 's triathlon to claim historic double new zealand triathletes created history today, after 33 year old hamish carter executed the perfect tactical race to win the men 's triathlon at vouliagmeni, holding off teammate bevan docherty, the fastest runner in the sport of
4			high	software	development			honeywell to bolster research in india aerospace and high tech manufacturer honeywell international inc. will hire 1,000 software programmers and invest $ 10 million in india over the next 12 months to bolster its research and development activities, an company official said monday.
4			system	microsystems			sun 's new no. 1 threat is an older sun a mellower sun? scott mcnealy, sun microsystems chairman and ceo, said at a press conference this week to introduce the companys solaris 10 operating system that hed just turned 50 over the weekend.
4			patent	technology	lawsuit			symbol tech, proxim settle lawsuit hand held computer and scanner maker symbol technologies inc. and wireless network equipment maker proxim corp. settled their patent dispute, the companies said tuesday.
4			patent	infringement	technology			sony must pay $ 82 million to immersion for infringement according to the associated press, sony computer said it disagreed with the verdict and promised to appeal. immersion has patents on the vibro tactile technologies that can send vibrations
2			game			review: new 'hawk' game most thorough ever there's only one thing better than riding a halfpipe ramp in tony hawk's underground 2 doing it in real life. since i'm pretty sure that's never going to happen, i'll keep on defying gravity in this new game from activision.
4			user	low	amd	technology	access			amd introduces low cost net access device in india u.s. chip maker advanced micro devices inc. has introduced a low cost internet access device that could cost just a few hundred dollars, aimed at first time technology users in the developing world.
4			science	specie			new to science, island bird that never flies nest a new species of flightless bird has been discovered on calayan, a remote island in the philippines, by an anglo filipino expedition.
2			movie	game			riddick raises the stakes the chronicles of riddick is not only one of the most satisfying movie tie ins ever, but also perhaps the best looking game the xbox has yet seen.
2			season			turner confident illini can rebound from 35 17 loss poor tackling, missed opportunities and turnovers plagued illinois through a 1 11 season last year and all were factors again in saturday 's 35 17 loss to ucla.
4			good	technology			investing in the next hot technology stratasys, a maker of hot models, has more than good looks going for it.
4			speed	technology	broadband	high	access			us approves high flying broadband us domestic air travellers could be surfing the web by 2006 via government approved technology that allows people access to high speed internet connections while they fly.
2			top	cup	race	season			chase for cup coming to wild finish jimmie johnson went from top contender to also ran to unbeatable, and now he has all the momentum heading into the last race of the nextel cup season.
4			technology			technology over ideology fcc chairman michael powell has confounded liberals and free market purists. he's an official that defies simplification. by lawrence lessig from wired magazine.
4			tool			getting burned? put on a shirt sunscreen and floppy hats are the normal tools to fight uv radiation in australia. now you can add laundry detergent. by stephen leahy.
2			top	game	country			greek sprinters withdrawals lift cloud over games greece 's top two sprinters pulled out of the olympics today after inflicting six days of embarrassment on their country over a hide and seek contest with anti doping enforcers.
2			play	champion	tournament	tour			jacobsen skips hartford to play tradition last year, peter jacobsen was too young to play in the tradition. this year, he has already won a major on the champions tour as he readies for his debut in the tournament he helped bring to his home state.
4			technology			napster to enter mobile ringtone arena thanks two a partnership with dwango wireless; the new napster is prepared to enter the mobile technology realm. but this time, it 's not for illegal mp3s.
1			party	tumble			pool queen celebrates with a beach party her tumble turn mightn't be as fast as it once was but when it comes to turning heads, inge de bruijn is still queen of the pool.
1			energy	president	election			gore urges blacks to vote at fla. rally former vice president al gore on sunday told blacks embittered by his narrow loss in the 2000 presidential election that it doesn't have to be this way and urged them to turn anger into energy at the polls.
2			tiger	worry	player	coach	game			tigers eager to shake bitter losses no. 13 lsu has two tough road games coming up, against georgia next weekend and florida the week after that. tigers coach nick saban doesn 't have to worry about his players looking past mississippi state today, however.
2			concern	game	country	sport			athens games halfway home free staggering traffic problems, nightmarish security concerns and incomplete construction of sports venues that would cause an embarrassment to the host country.
4			system	patch			following trend, oracle sets schedule for patches releases dates of quarterly bulletins for 2005 to allow companies to better plan system updates.
3			investor			mass intelligence when google finally gets its gargantuan market capitalization later this year, it will turn its founders into billionaires and make individual investors everywhere swoon. but it will also validate an idea: the most valuable resource on the internet is the collective intelligence of everyone who uses it.
1			coup	president			'mercenaries' coup trial begins the trial of 14 men accused of plotting to topple equatorial guinea's president opens in malabo on monday.
3			enterprise			dell counts on new support hubs to improve service delivery dell inc. plans to open several enterprise command centers during the next few months in a bid to improve its service delivery to customers worldwide.
4			ibm	technology	code			ibm, hp chasing tag technology the tech giants are injecting hundreds of millions of dollars into rfid technology, which aims to advance the tracking of items from ho hum bar codes to smart tags packed with data.
3			earnings			hp earnings rebound hewlett packard late tuesday released the financial results for its fourth fiscal quarter, which ended oct. 31. the palo alto, calif.
3			trader			dollar edges up, direction sought the dollar inched up on monday but traders struggled to find direction in a market devoid of economic data.
2			player	game	version			'doom 3' game unlikely for xbox this year id ceo the xbox version of doom 3, the long awaited pc video game recently released to wide acclaim, is not likely to be released in 2004 dealing a blow to enthusiastic game players who are anxiously awaiting it.
4			software	management	suite	developer			ca buys pestpatrol antispyware developer computer associates has acquired pestpatrol, a company that markets antispyware software, for an undisclosed sum and plans to incorporate pestpatrol's products into its etrust threat management software suite.
1			party	military	gain	president			hu takes full power in china as he gains control of military china's president, hu jintao, replaced jiang zemin as the country's military chief to complete the first orderly transfer of power in communist party history.
3			stock	share			oracle 's peoplesoft bid may benefit from arbitragers stake oracle corp. chief executive larry ellison 's $ 8.8 billion hostile bid to buy peoplesoft inc. may benefit from arbitragers who have loaded up on the stock and are likely to tender their shares.
4			technology			technology company sues five ex employees a marlborough based technology company is suing five former employees, including three senior managers, for allegedly conspiring against their employer while working on opening a competing business.
4			discovery	software	server	veritas	application	computing			veritas retools server provisioning adding a big piece to its utility computing jigsaw puzzle, veritas software quote, chart rewrote its opforce server provisioning software to include application discovery and configuration.
4			system	standard	top	technology			defense, it companies form standards group the five top us defense contractors, communications companies joined on tuesday with some european rivals to develop technology standards that will allow better communication among future weapons systems.
4			software			oracle trial tactic: conway lied to analysts redwood shores based software giant oracle corp. said in court that peoplesoft inc. ceo craig conway lied about the effects of oracle 's $ 7.
1			leader	country	election	war	president	afghanistan			karzai becomes afghanistan 's first elected president afghanistan 's transitional leader hamid karzai has won the war shattered country 's first ever presidential election. the announcement came after a special panel endorsed the election results as free and fair.
2			season			target to sell tivo dvrs retail giant will give tivo wider retail distribution ahead of the holiday season.
3			sale	earnings			walgreen: prescription for success walgreen nyse: wag , a company that has built a business largely on prescription drugs, reported its 30th consecutive year of record sales and earnings today.
4			system	switch			vodafone unleashes 3g live! service vodafone has flicked the switch for the start of its vodafone live! with 3g service. its portal of mobile services has had a 3g makeover for umts based universal mobile telecommunications system video
4			copy	technology	protection			dvd technology faces legal test the dvd copy control association, the group that owns the copy protection technology contained on dvds, said a company called kaleidescape is offering products that illegally make copies of dvds.
1			talk			cendant offers $ 1bn for orbitz travel company cendant, the owner of avis and budget car hire firms, is in advanced talks to buy travel website orbitz for $ 1bn. orbitz was started by five us airlines in 2000 and floated on nasdaq for $ 300m in december 2003.
2			sport			dick ebersol released from hospital nbc sports chairman dick ebersol and his son charlie were released from the hospital monday, a week after surviving a charter plane crash that killed three people, including ebersol's youngest son.
3			investor	drink			cash is king for diageo investors ker ching. an extra $ 2.14bn 1.2bn has landed in the coffers at diageo, the global drinks giant whose brands include guinness, baileys, johnnie walker whisky, gordon 's gin and smirnoff vodka.
4			player	cooperation	standard	technology			inventor of the world wide web promotes future cooperation the inventor of the world wide web told a technology conference on wednesday that making the web more useful hinges on a familiar challenge: getting the players behind the technology to agree on standards governing how computers communicate with one another.
4			ship	holding	technology			seagate ships 400gb drive hard drive manufacturer seagate technology is now shipping what it claims is the world 's largest capacity hard drive holding a whopping 400gb.
2			game	election			video game review: 'political machine' political couch potatoes who can't get enough of the impending presidential election will find endless fun with the political machine.
2			team			messina held by palermo heavy rain made for difficult playing conditions and it was not until the latter stages that the teams went close to breaking the deadlock but on both occasions they struck the woodwork.
2			player			evd aims expansion, partnership amid challenges the video compact disc vcd player was a spectacular breakthrough in the history of china 's electronics industry. the device, first invented by the chinese firm wanyan electronics
3			holding			update 1 black to quit hollinger inc within days former press baron conrad black will quit as chairman and chief executive of his canadian holding company, hollinger inc. quote, profile, research , to
4			generation			defense dept. tests net phone calls on ipv6 next generation internet protocol inches forward, with signs of growing corporate demand.
4			husband	technology			it and business align around rules and patterns aligning technology and business what a concept. everyone is talking about it, but to put things in perspective, i imagine the day after the wheel was invented the wife of the inventor got sick and tired of watching her husband roll it down the hill all day. she probably said, cyxny, honey, why dont you make another one and put them on the cart?
3			share			intel sets upbeat tone on wall street u.s. shares are set to open higher on friday, buoyed by intel corp. after the world's largest chip maker raised its quarterly revenue target due to strong demand, but all eyes will be on jobs data before the opening.
4			platform	system	software	management	high	raid	storage			hitachi broadens virtual storage horizons hitachi data systems hds has today launched a high end raid storage platform and software offering complex data management. the tagmastore universal storage platform usp is designed to provide up to 32
4			user			finjan: warning users or scaring up business? antivirus firm warns of 10 holes in windows xp sp2. solution: buy the company's products.
3			investor	ipo	holding	share			tsv holdings ipo closes tsv holdings ltd share offer closed oversubscribed and a week early following strong institutional and retail support. tsv holdings raised $ 6 million after offering 30 million shares at 20 cents each to investors
1			president			specter closer to leading judiciary panel despite protests from anti abortion activists, sen. arlen specter is moving closer to locking down the spot as next year's judiciary committee chairman and shepherd to president bush's judicial nominees in the senate.
4			use	project	alternative			intel to join in a project to extend wireless use in an effort to create a global wireless alternative to cable and telephone internet service, intel said on monday that it would collaborate with clearwire, a wireless
2			football	team	top	win	game			top ranked football team wins with flags, whistles the six men are co workers and friends, and they are passionate about football. on saturday and sunday mornings, they rendezvous and ride together to spend the day at football games.
4			user	microsoft	application	server			microsoft announces istanbul lcs client microsoft is developing a front end application for its upcoming live communications server lcs 2005 instant messaging server that links lcs 2005 with end users telephones.
3			profit	spike	earnings			google 's revenues spike, still short on profits internet search engine giant google inc. trumped analysts revenue forecasts in its first quarter as a public company, but still fell far short of the mark on earnings.
1			president			acer appoints italian as new president taiwan 's flagship pc company acer inc. has announced it will have a foreigner serving as president starting 2005, a bold change for a 28 year old taiwanese brand that is roaring its way across multiple geographies and cultures.
1			parliament	country			kyoto protocol comes in from the cold the russian government has approved the kyoto protocol on climate change, which sets formal targets for the reduction of greenhouse gas emissions, and sent it to the country 's parliament for ratification.
4			system	software	developer			cisco to buy p cube for about 200 million cisco systems inc. csco.o , the world's largest maker of equipment to direct traffic on the internet, on monday said it will buy privately held software developer p cube for about 200 million in cash and options.
4			software			mind those ims your cubicle's walls have ears as more firms install software to keep tabs on workers, start ups and heavy hitters alike spy an opportunity in surveillance products.
4			final	suite	tool	software	price			apple introduces production suite production suite, essential software suite for film and video that delivers real time production tools in one comprehensive and integrated package, combines final cut pro hd, motion and dvd studio pro 3. production suite is available now for a suggested retail price of $ 1,299. aug 10
1			reform	president			serbian president survives apparent attempt on his life pro west serbian president boris tadic vowed to press ahead with his reform programme after surviving what his office described as a possible assassination attempt on one of belgrade 's busiest streets.
2			auto	game			vibe : grand theft auto: san andreas the wait is finally ... one of the most anticipated games of the year grand theft auto: san andreas, is now available for the playstation 2. those of us who have played grand theft auto 3 and grand
4			tool	software	symantec	version			symantec releases data recovery tools security company symantec corp. on tuesday announced the availability of new versions of its livestate data recovery software.
2			medal	strip	team	sport			usoc appeals on 2000 relay team 's behalf the us olympic committee has filed an appeal with the swiss based court of arbitration for sport cas to block a decision that would strip michael johnson and the rest of the us men 's 4x400 relay team members of their 2000 olympic gold medals because of
1			party	democrat	election			poll blow for hong kong democrats hong kong's pro democracy parties are on course to net fewer seats than expected in legislative elections.
2			team	stadium	fan	game	joe			expos fans say farewell at shea stadium joe palau had an advantage over most montreal expos fans who wanted to say goodbye at the team's last game.
4			percent	tool	technology			illinois tool won 't pursue linx after danaher offers more money illinois tool works inc. said it won 't proceed with its bid for uk based linx printing technologies plc after danaher corp. said it may offer 15 percent more for the company.
4			system	symantec	vendor			system attackers up the ante the recent internet security threat report from security vendor symantec painted a bleak picture for it security both now and into the future.
4			gate	software	microsoft			microsoft takes aim at malware microsoft is developing a product to remove adware and malicious software from pcs, the company 's chairman and chief software architect bill gates has revealed.
4			bug	linux	software	development	source			linux: fewer bugs than rivals linux advocates have long insisted that open source development results in better and more secure software. now they have statistics to back up their claims.
4			system	high			system gremlins resolved at hsbc computer glitches which led to chaos for hsbc customers on monday are fixed, the high street bank confirms.
2			athletics	race	win			athletics: rare distance doubles for el guerrouj and holmes athens hicham el guerrouj became the first man in 80 years to win the 1,500 and the 5,000 races at the same olympics, joining finnish great paavo nurmi in the history books saturday.
4			system	silicon			pc maker bets on personal power san francisco today the idea of building a custom designed workstation computer in silicon valley seems quaint. in both engineering and scientific markets, inexpensive off the shelf systems, coupled with the
3			chain	sale	rise			chain store sales rise in latest week u.s. chain store retail sales rose in the latest week as a holiday weekend gave americans more time to shop, a report said on tuesday.
2			cavalier	match			grizzlies quickly match cavs' offer to tsakalidis the memphis grizzlies didn't take long to match the cleveland cavaliers' offer sheet given to center jake tsakalidis.
2			cup	fan	race			1 race or 2? that could be the question the owners are new. the track resurfaced. the railroad is relocating. the souvenir haulers have moved. and that 's since april, the last time 63,000 fans watched nascar nextel cup racing at martinsville speedway.
2			game	development			health highlights: aug. 18, 2004 here are some of the latest health and medical news developments, compiled by editors of healthday: greek athletes who missed drug test quit games the two greek athletes who missed a drug test on aug. 12 have withdrawn from the olympic games...
4			movie	piracy	technology			'embrace digital' says film boss hollywood must embrace digital technologies but also fight film piracy, says new us movie industry supremo.
4			defence	system			mod to save 600m with eds admin system the ministry of defence said it will save 600m over 10 years with a joint personnel administration system to serve all uk armed forces to be built by global it services giant eds.
2			championship			montreal might to lose 2005 world championships montreal could be forced to pull out of hosting next year 's world championships if help with funding is not forthcoming, according to the chief executive of the organizing committee.
1			politics	kerry	bush			losses and lessons for bush and kerry they lost at politics at an early age. since then, they've rarely made the same campaign mistakes twice.
4			silicon	software	win			oracle wins right to pursue rival a federal judge thursday rejected the federal government's request to block oracle's orcl 7.7 billion hostile takeover bid for software rival peoplesoft psft , removing a major hurdle to one of the biggest mergers in silicon valley history.
4			troop	chain	supply	system	software	technology	core			marines update core logistics technology the u.s. marine corps is replacing aging supply chain systems with oracle software to better serve combat troops.
1			talk			union sees progress in talks, hotels don 't officials representing 14 major washington hotels and unite here local 25 yesterday gave mixed reports of progress in negotiations for a new contract for 3,800 hotel workers.
4			high	microsoft	country	technology			nokia and microsoft bet on india nokia and microsoft both announced new ventures in india on wednesday, underscoring the country 's increasing allure for high technology companies.
1			talk			workers at mexico 's volkswagen plant end strike, accept 4.5 wage ... workers at volkswagen 's mexico plant agreed to end their three day old strike and accept a pay package close to the company 's original offer, officials said after talks that stretched into the early hours of saturday.
1			debate			anarchists' convention debates voting a group of anarchists is taking an unusual step to make its political voice heard going to the polls. anarchists generally pride themselves on their rejection of government and its authority...
1			minister	cabinet	table			emerson may not have pull in bank mergers canada 's business community may have found a well placed advocate at the cabinet table in david emerson, but that doesn 't mean the new federal industry minister will necessarily carry the day on bank mergers.
4			integration	application	development			oracle pushes on bi san francisco oracle corp. has unveiled business intelligence 10g, a stand alone product that executives said will provide query, reporting and analysis, dashboards, data integration and bi application development.
3			share			cisco snaffles network monitoring firm cisco yesterday announced a deal to buy network monitoring firm netsolve for $ 11 per share or approximately $ 128m. the acquisition of netsolve, which is subject to stockholder and regulatory approvals, is expected to close in cisco 's q2 05.
4			williams	technology			remy international will sell its williams technologies unit remy international inc. said wednesday it has agreed to sell its us transmission remanufacturing operation, williams technologies inc., to caterpillar inc.
2			team			holdsclaw speaks out the mystics' chamique holdsclaw said thursday she is suffering from depression. the affliction caused her to leave the team in midseason.
3			management			gold fields bosses bright idea may prove to be their undoing gold fields management may have only themselves to blame for yesterday 's bid by harmony to take over their company, a move which, if successful, is likely to cost them their jobs.
3			gain	stock			stocks set to open higher u.s. stocks are seen chalking up small gains at the open thursday following wednesday's pullback but the release of august's cpi data and weekly jobless claims could ultimately decide direction...
4			space	design	project	spacecraft			spacecraft design pioneer faget dies spacecraft design pioneer maxime faget has died at the age of 83. faget is credited for conceiving project mercury, which put the first us astronauts into space, and was involved in the design of every us manned spacecraft afterward.
2			player	war			google envy is fomenting search wars propelled by google envy, new players and internet industry giants are rushing into the online search market.
4			software	microsoft	code			legal questions dog microsoft antispyware buy with the ink barely dry on microsoft's acquisition of antispyware company giant company software questions have arisen about the ownership of the antispyware code microsoft bought.
2			software	game	title			nintendo says 12 ds games to debut in japan japan's nintendo co. ltd. said on thursday it will make available 12 software titles for its new ds handheld game console when the dual screen machine debuts in japan on dec. 2.
2			fan	sport	cardinal			his father made him a cardinals fan forever all these years i have been around sports, and i still don 't really understand how a person becomes a fan. and i ma fan of the st.
4			vendor	networking	broadband	technology			cisco to open r center in japan the networking vendor will focus on developing new internet technologies for one of the world 's leading broadband markets. by paul travis.
4			technology			fcc chiefs to work through outdated rules three u.s. federal communications commissioners on wednesday said laws governing telecommunications need to be revamped, but said the agency will do all it can under the current rules to encourage deployment of new technologies and services.
1			president			hp's fiorina stood up by argentina's president hp world belly bands and three legged stools
1			party	election			fec is left in limbo by ruling us district court judge colleen kollar kotelly has struck down 15 federal election commission fec regulations governing activities ranging from political coordination to state party fundraising, throwing candidates and election lawyers into confusion 43
2			ncaa	win	sport			ncaa allows cheaters to win it ain 't cheatin if you don 't get caught, used to be the catch phrase in division i sports, often accompanied by an oleaginous wink and grin.
2			series	sport			rival series in motion moves are afoot to break formula one supremo bernie ecclestone 's hold on the sport 's commercial rights with four major manufacturers appointing a marketing company to determine the feasibility of a rival series.
1			leader	talk	management			vw locked in tough talks as warning strikes continue management at volkswagen and union leaders were locked in tough wage talks tuesday as thousands of workers at europe 's largest car maker staged more warning strikes.
4			cell	software	microsoft			microsoft sees music opportunity in cell phones us software giant microsoft is aiming to get its audio and video software into mobile phones before it is beaten to the 650 million handsets a year market by rivals like apple.
4			team	system	software	developer	feature	development			visual studio aims at structuring the software development process visual studio 2005 team system will try to include features that make it more likely that what the developers know in their hearts also is visible to managers.
4			virus	software			hp to launch virus throttling software san francisco hewlett packard plans to give customers a new weapon against viruses: software that crimps their spread. early next year, the computer maker will begin selling software designed to slow the
4			microsoft	sharing	software	code	access	source			microsoft expands sharing of source code microsoft corp. is expanding a program to give government organizations access to some of its tightly guarded software blueprints amid growing competition from rivals who make such source code freely available.
3			airport	leader	enterprise			rent a car cos. expanding to face rivals it's part of an intensifying car rental rumble: as enterprise rent a car increases its visibility at airports, longtime airport leader hertz is muscling into america's neighborhoods, enterprise's closely guarded turf.
3			user	good			samsung debuts 5 megapixel camera phone the samsung sch s250 5 megapixel camera phone will enable users to take photos as good as those taken with a mid range digital camera, samsung says.
3			management			suffolk plans to lighten load suffolk downs must apply to the state commission for 2005 racing dates by oct. 1, and management intends to seek a schedule similar to this year's, with some modifications.
1			opposition			lawmakers question delayed response to sub ruling bloc and opposition lawmakers thursday criticized the government 's slow response to a mystery submarine that intruded into japan 's territorial waters the previous day.
4			linux	software	management	server	computing			penguin computing launches cluster in a box armed with a new form factor and its clustering management software, penguin computing on wednesday launched an aggressively priced linux based blade server targeted at the lower end of the market a market recently entered into by dell computer.
4			pharmaceutical	application			novartis withdraws application for prexige swiss pharmaceutical giant novartis ag said tuesday it is temporarily withdrawing an application for european union approval of its painkiller prexige, but added that it will present new data this week to prove the safety and effectiveness of the drug.
2			coach	team	british			backley scrapes edward praises khan for taking acclaim in his ... team gb boxing coach terry edwards has described teenage sensation amir khan as one of the most talented british boxers to emerge so far this decade and one of the most relaxed.
4			management	application	infrastructure	enterprise			network physics adds to management line network physics has introduced a new distributed architecture for its network management and performance line aimed at helping enterprises ensure the integrity and security of the entire applications infrastructure.
4			technology			sony to mass produce flattest screens sony will begin mass production of full colour organic light emitting diode oled displays next year. it is considering using the technology across a range of the company 's portable devices with screen sizes up to 10in 25cm .
4			war	technology			in blow to blu ray, universal backs hd dvd the hd dvd format has won a battle in its ongoing war with rival optical format blu ray with the announcement that universal pictures is backing the technology.
4			holding	share	technology	fall			arm shares fall 18pc after us acquisition arm holdings shares slumped 18pc yesterday after the semiconductor designer unveiled a surprise cash and shares deal to buy us technology firm artisan components.
2			team	talk	victory	player	game			huskies fail to make division 1 a navy blue in recent years, division 1 aa teams that have lost close games to lower echelon 1 a programs have scoffed at talk of moral victories. therefore, it wasn't surprising yesterday to see northeastern players disappointed after losing to navy, 28 24.
4			silicon			new twists boost oracle in silicon valley battle for peoplesoft the silicon valley dogfight between oracle and peoplesoft took a new turn as peoplesoft dumped the chief executive leading its takeover defense, and us regulators dropped their antitrust case.
4			system			sun may have captured other system 's asteroids the sun may have captured millions of asteroids from another planetary system during an encounter more than 4 billion years ago, astronomers report today.
2			championship			montreal might to lose 2005 world championships montreal could be forced to pull out of hosting next year's world championships if help with funding is not forthcoming, according to the chief executive of the organizing committee.
2			football	race	team	arsenal	coach			spanish coach facing action in race row spanish national team coach luis aragones faces a formal investigation after spain 's football federation decided to open disciplinary proceedings over racist comments about thierry henry of france and arsenal.
4			technology			it association slams government the information technology association of america itaa says the government 's get it right policy in regards to it contracts is total nonsense.
2			coach	club			update 1 cuper returns to take charge of mallorca primera liga strugglers real mallorca have persuaded former coach hector cuper to rejoin the club as a permanent replacement for benito floro, who was sacked last week, the club said on tuesday.
4			software			peoplesoft fracas could spark software m a thursday 's pro oracle corp. decision on the us department of justice 's attempt to block oracle 's proposed takeover of peoplesoft inc.
3			cell	sale			cell phone sales keep booming nokia holds on to its no. 1 position, as new buyers and upgraders stoke demand for handsets.
4			cell	technology	win			motorola to build cell phones into ski jackets motorola inc. said it will unveil plans this week for a line of outerwear that uses interactive cell phone and portable music technology in snowboarding jackets, in a bid to win over twentysomethings.
4			voip	system	speed	upgrade	feature			cisco targets smbs with voip friendly routers tomorrow cisco systems inc. will announce an upgrade to its small business and branch office line of routers, incorporating more processing speed and a raft of new features.
4			project			getting listed in netscapes open directory project getting listed in netscape's open directory project when you are deciding on the major search engine directories that you want your website to be listed in, you should not overlook one of the most important ones: the dmoz short form for directory mozilla . dmoz is just another name for the open ...
2			white	coach	team			venter back for boks abrasive springbok flanker aj venter returns to the field on saturday for south africa 's crunch encounter against australia, the only change to the team announced by coach jake white today.
2			top	game	country			sprinters withdrawals lift cloud over games greece 's top two sprinters pulled out of the olympics on wednesday after inflicting six days of embarrassment on their country over a hide and seek contest with anti doping enforcers.
1			play	democrat	election			republicans, democrats court key jewish votes traditionally staunch democratic supporters, jewish voters are thought to be in play for november's us presidential election, with the potential to swing several key battleground states.
4			identity	terrorism	technology	protection			clarke: using technology to secure ids is vital in the age of prevalent terrorism, identity needs stronger protection, says counterterrorism expert.
4			system	microsoft	software	price			calif. cities, counties sue microsoft several california cities and counties have sued microsoft corp., accusing the software giant of illegally charging inflated prices for its products because of monopoly control of the personal computer operating systems market.
2			coach			giants still have faith in dayne after being peppered on the subject for several moments, the coach of the giants just shook his head incredulously. to be honest with you i ve never heard so many questions
2			medal	final	game	team			our swimming saviours a fast finish in the pool at athens has delivered australia 's best swimming medal haul since the 1956 melbourne games. a heroic butterfly leg from petria thomas in the women 's medley relay yesterday snared the team 's seventh and final gold medal.
4			desktop	system	software	application			maker of palm software to unveil operating system for smart phones palmsource is set to announce its first operat ing system for smart phones, with applications typically found on desktop computers.
2			game	wood			woods ready to get into swing of new game i went through the same period back in end of 97, all through 98 and early 99, woods said at a news conference friday.
4			use	researcher	project			flying car pet project it 's a frustrated commuter 's fantasy: literally lifting your car out of a clogged highway and soaring through the skies. researchers say an affordable, easy to use vehicle that could allow
1			democrat			loss of georgia seat for democrats could cost senate democrats' hopes of retaining a senate seat in georgia are fading fast and such a loss could deal a fatal blow to the party's chances of regaining control of the senate.
3			profit	sale	retailer			foot locker 3q profit meets estimates athletic shoe retailer foot locker inc. on thursday said its third quarter profit grew on higher sales, meeting wall street estimates.
4			software			london bridge software fined for using unlicensed software debt recovery software outfit pays out 39,500
4			player	game	technology			online games could be next big thing, but not yet video games makers searching for the next big thing to pull in players at europe's biggest computer games fair hope to tempt more gamers to pit their wits against one other online as web technology improves.
2			player	season			shoppers swarm stores across us shoppers swarmed america 's malls and stores yesterday, even before the sun rose, to grab early bird deals on such hot items as flat screen tvs and dvd players as the us holiday shopping season officially began.
1			lebanon	politics	rise	leader	opposition			syria's grip on lebanon tested the dominance of damascus in lebanese politics gives rise to a new opposition leader.
4			technology	defeat			google conforms to censorship in china google inc. goog 's recently launched news service in china doesn't display results from web sites blocked by that country's authorities, raising prickly questions for an online search engine that has famously promised to do no evil. dynamic internet technology inc., a research firm striving to defeat online censorship, conducted tests that found google omits results from the government banned sites if search requests are made through computers connecting to the internet in china...
4			feature	microsoft	database	server			microsoft boosts bi microsoft is bolstering bi and reporting features in both the existing sql server 2000 database and the planned sql server 2005 release.
4			software	source			computer associates to pay fine to doj the us justice department will defer prosecution of computer associates in its long running probe of accounting fraud at the software maker, a source close to the company said.
2			team	nation	football			peterson 's debut shakes up big 12 the big 12 wouldn 't fare well in a discussion about the best football conference in the nation, even though it might have the best team.
4			korea	rate	technology			korea makes major strides in information technology korea has made major strides in information and communication technology over the last four decades, progressing as a global trendsetter with one of the world 's highest wired and wireless penetration rates.
3			sale	president	enterprise			revolving door cindy k. andreotti, as mci 's president of enterprise sales, and seth d. blumenfeld, as head of international sales. robert d. mcteer jr.
2			player	game	season			media watchdogs complain that video games are violent, oversexed this season 's blockbuster video games give players the opportunity to hijack cars, mow down the walking undead with heavy artillery and ogle topless women.
4			microsoft	technology			sun, microsoft to detail interoperability companies will demonstrate how their technology will work together.
2			season	team	race	prix			villeneuve to race for renault to end of season canadian jacques villeneuve will race the last three grands prix of the season for renault, the formula one team said on friday.
1			minister	party	president	finance			sarkozy to take over chirac party french finance minister nicolas sarkozy is due to be made head of president chirac's governing party.
1			leader	broke	minister	party	prime	relation			group leader ends irish gov't relations northern ireland's major protestant party broke off relations with the irish government monday after prime minister bertie ahern indicated he had accepted the ira's refusal to provide photographs of disarmament.
4			broadband	race	technology			race on to build fiber optic networks alvarion broadband services using fiber optic networks are expected to grow in the coming years with the race now on among companies to develop this technology, the chairman of israel's alvarion ltd. said on tuesday.
2			play	postseason	football	season			mississippi st. placed on four years probation mississippi state 's football program was placed on four years probation, stripped of four scholarships during each of the next two seasons and banned from postseason play this year by
1			party	final	election			u.s. judge orders election agency to tighten rules the decision left both parties arguing over which regulations are now in effect for the final weeks of the presidential campaign.
1			leader	country			bloc flag flap offers great opportunity to appreciate veterans: harper richmond, que. cp a bloc quebecois mp's refusal to hand out the maple leaf has given the conservatives and the whole country a chance to further appreciate canada's veterans, tory leader stephen harper said saturday.
4			expense	software			intuit posts wider loss on acquisitions intuit inc., the maker of turbotax tax preparation software and quickbooks accounting programs, posted a wider loss in its latest quarter on acquisition related expenses.
3			fund	investment	shareholder			chuck jaffe mediocre investments bleed shareholders slowly, and don 't always look bad in doing it. free! sign up here to receive our mutual funds weekly e newsletter!
4			system			ex austin student indicted for data theft the university estimates the data theft cost the school $ 167,000 to recover the system affected by the breach.
3			user	share			nokia launching 6670 business phone nokia unveiled a mobile phone for business users on thursday that incorporates a camera with a megapixel resolution, beefing up a patchy handset portfolio that has cost it market share.
2			champion	game			greek sprinter kenteris quits games greek olympic 200 metres champion costas kenteris and his fellow greek olympic silver medallist katerina thanou say they are withdrawing from the athens games.
4			vendor	networking	technology	storage			from sans to satas, storage vendors continue product march storage companies continued to demonstrate a wealth of new products and technologies wednesday at the storage networking world in orlando.
3			expense	retailer			bt digital service returns power to artists bt is launching a digital music service designed to revolutionise the industry and give power back to artists, labels and traditional retailers at the expense of new entrants into the market such as apple 's itunes.
4			development			intel calls off development of tv chip intel has stopped development of a display chip for large screen television sets. the cancellation is yet another product setback this year for the world 's largest chipmaker, which has struggled with several product delays.
2			game	tiger			game 150: indians 8, tigers 7 a singled for hafner in the 6th. b walked for young in the 7th. c sacrificed for young in the 9th. e: peralta 1 , bphillips 1 , infante 14 .
4			user	technology			roadmap boosts bluetooth bandwidth a three year roadmap for bluetooth short range wireless technology will triple bandwidth and allow users to simultaneously multicast signals to seven others.
4			identity	tool	software	management	access	version			netegrity updates provisioning tools ca's latest acquisition target rolls out a new version of its identity and access management software.
3			investor	stock	earnings			stocks slip, investors wary before intel u.s. stocks slipped on tuesday as investors showed caution ahead of tech bellwether intel corp.'s earnings, while disappointing results from state street corp. cast a cloud over the banking sector.
4			system	ibm			ibm, honda deliver in car speech recognition navigation system ibm and honda this week announced that they have jointly developed a hands free and natural sounding in vehicle speech recognition system.
4			specie	speed			smithsonian exhibit explores orchid lore an oversized model train speeds over the heads of visitors to guide them through 200 species of orchids.
1			leader	president	election			cameroon leader seeks a new term cameroon's president paul biya confirms that he will stand for re election in next month's polls.
3			coach	management	enterprise			modifying management behavior would a half day management training seminar have made a better boss of ebenezer scrooge? you and bob cratchit already know the answer; ebenezer needed a more personal approach to turn him around. dickens understood that. and now, just 161 years later, using personal coaches to modify behavior is all the rage in the enterprise.
1			leader	talk	management	airway			us air, pilots to reopen concession talks us airways uair.o: quote, profile, research and its pilots union agreed to reopen concession talks late on friday after leaders of the labor group declined to endorse a plan proposed by management for nearly $ 300 million in
4			percent	technology			chipmaker claims 50 greater wi fi range chipmaker broadcom said monday that has released new technology that increases the range of 802.11g chipsets by as much as 50 percent.
3			share			three americans share nobel physics prize americans david j. gross, h. david politzer and frank wilczek won the 2004 nobel prize in physics on tuesday for their explanation of the force that binds particles inside the atomic nucleus.
4			speed	software	mac	use	high			revolutionizing flow cytometry dr. mario roederer and adam treister at stanford university wrote flowjo, mac os x analysis software for flow cytometers, high speed, automated microscopes. today, some 15,000 to 20,000 cytometers in use are mac based. aug 3
3			finance			check 21 will sink the float on checking accounts a new law that takes effect today will shorten the time a check takes to clear and muddy the finances of check writers who rely on the float.
4			system	share			cablevision captures customers few companies see their shares move solidly higher after posting a $ 63 million $ 0.22 quarterly loss, but that is exactly the reaction cablevision systems nyse: cvc received
2			champion	coach	game			going off on the wrong foot last week, in studying usc game film, cougar coaches thought they found a chink in the national champions armor. and not just any chink one with the potential, right from the get go, to
2			top	football	season			college football: tailback u takes on new meaning at southern cal ... landover, maryland it was a test of character not many people expected top ranked southern california would face so early in the season.
4			system	software	share			update 1 australia 's computershare buys us equiserve australian financial software group computershare ltd. quote, profile, research has agreed to buy us share registrar equiserve for $ 292 million from dst systems inc.
2			champion			sugar shane mosley sweet, but wright call in end sugar shane mosley made all of the necessary adjustments from the first fight, but still managed to come up short as consensus junior middleweight champion ronald winky wright earned
3			investor	fund			funds: fund mergers can hurt investors mergers and acquisitions have played an enormous role in the u.s. economy during the past several decades, but sometimes the results have been bad for consumers. similarly, consolidation in the mutual fund business has sometimes hurt fund investors.
4			speed	technology	broadband	development	high			intel, at t in tie up for voice, data, wireless intel corp. and at t corp. have signed a research and product development agreement covering internet telephone technology, high speed wireless broadband and combination voice data devices for businesses, the companies said on thursday.
4			technology			brighter previews for your pictures epson's photo fine technology promises vivid, crisp colors on digital camera lcds.
4			technology	developer			motorola to acquire meshnetworks motorolahas agreed to buy meshnetworks, a developer of technology and products for rapidly deployed, self creating wireless mobile networks.
4			mainframe	ibm	software	vendor	code	source			ibm ambush accusation news: ibm mainframe software vendor compuware is suing ibm for antitrust violations claiming ibm used its source code without permission.
4			development			half life 2 released yes, we d barely believe it either if we hadn 't seen it ourselves: half life 2 is here. more than six years in development, more than a year dramatically in the public eye, weathering delays
4			mac	game	computing	silicon			step toward universal computing a silicon valley company claims to have developed a universal emulator that's uncharacteristically fast. for one thing, it could mean the latest games are immediately available for the mac. by leander kahney.
1			leader	race			marathon saboteur priest accused of indecency a controversial irish priest who sabotaged the mens olympic marathon by leaping on the race leader appeared in court today on indecency charges.
2			cricket	crisis	reform	sport			cricket crisis: reform or face the music indian cricket and crisis seem to be made for each other. such are the ways of the board of control for cricket in india bcci that the sport continues to lurch from one crisis to another.
4			application	suite	version			netscape revamped with mozilla 1.7 netscape communications has released netscape 7.2, successor to the older version 7.1, which was released in mid 2003. the new release is based on version 1.7 of mozilla, the most recent version of the mozilla internet application suite.
2			game			ill. gov. seeks ban on violent video games gov. rod blagojevich is proposing to make it a misdemeanor for businesses to sell violent and sexually explicit video games to minors, a step that other states have tried with little success.
3			value	share			oracle raises its hostile offer for peoplesoft oracle raised its hostile tender offer for peoplesoft today to $ 24 a share from $ 21 a share. the higher bid, which values peoplesoft at $ 9.
4			software	source			via gives away disc scrubbing software taiwanese chipmaker dangles open source software lure to attract programmer interest.
4			software	microsoft			microsoft still wants eu settlement microsoft corp's chief counsel, briefing reporters in the lead up to a european union court hearing this week, said on monday he remains hopeful the software giant's european antitrust case can be settled.
3			investor	system	share			poles line up for shares in bank poles signed waiting lists sunday for a chance to buy shares in their largest bank, using a signup system from communist times to impose order on the crush of interested investors.
4			microsystems	system	software	developer	development			sun to roll out free solaris os hoping to attract developers and customers, sun microsystems will announce its next generating operating system will be offered for free. the company spent roughly $ 500 million and years of development time on the software.
3			shareholder			cox family to take cable giant private the family that controls cable giant cox communications inc. nyse: cox will take the company private after raising its offer to buy out shareholders to $ 8.
4			speed	team	broadband	technology	high	cell			intel, wireless pioneer mccaw team up on wimax san francisco intel and cell phone pioneer craig mccaw 's latest company, clearwire, plan to develop and install high speed networks based on broadband technology commonly referred to as wimax.
1			parliament			antigay remarks spark eu row the european parliament challenges conservative appointee rocco buttiglione.
2			play			rice wants more action, here or somewhere else after spending part of his 42nd birthday wednesday reiterating his dissatisfaction with his shrinking role with the raiders and expressing his desire to play somewhere else, jerry rice scheduled an evening meeting with owner al davis to discuss the state
2			coach	game	team	wizard			jordan says wizards won't tolerate guff kwame brown's boycott of a team huddle during a game was an example of immaturity that will not be tolerated, according to washington wizards coach eddie jordan.
4			system	attack	vendor	vulnerability			cisco gear subject to dos attack cisco systems last week warned that a denial of service dos vulnerability exists for its products. the threat affects all cisco products running the vendor 's internetwork operating system ios .
4			winner	science	space	series	technology			x prize group plans new series of contests the group that awarded us $ 10 million this week to the winner of an outer space travel contest is gearing up to offer cash prizes for technology breakthroughs in medicine, computer science, transportation and a number of other arenas.
4			supply	processor	amd	technology			amd providing update for opteron processor amd uses a technology called powernow to control power supply to the processor depending upon how much of the processing power is being used.
2			game	top	sport			five more suspended by weightlifting body weightlifting 's aggressive pursuit of drug cheaters will continue even if it jeopardizes its future in the olympics, its top official said yesterday after six more positive doping cases in what is again becoming the games dirtiest sport. five ...
2			race			hendrick plane crashes en route to nascar race a plane owned by the hendrick motorsports organization crashed with 10 people aboard on its way to a race sunday, the federal aviation administration said.
4			system	technology	use	high	cell			sms and surfing go sky high! boarding a flight would no longer mean doing away with your communication on your cell phone, with airbus having developed technology that enables passengers to use their mobiles without interrupting navigational systems.
2			baseball	game	team	yankee			yankees humbled in the bronx the new york yankees are comfortably the richest team in baseball. their $ 180m annual wage bill is more than double that of most of their counterparts, and they have many of the game 's most luminous stars in their line up.
4			gene	technology	science			programs: for stealth lovers, 'thief' is a steal gene emery is a columnist who covers science and technology. his internet address is gemery at any opinions in the column are his alone.
3			debate	enterprise			local wineries eyeing supreme court debate though vern holm is just getting into the wine business, his enterprise could be greatly impacted by the overturning of a prohibition era law.
2			team			week of september 11th, 2004 part 2 why to watch: it seems like two months, not two weeks, since we last saw usc get by virginia tech and while the trojans have maintained its hold on the number one spot in most polls, a little luster has come off this seemingly invincible team.
2			athletics	sport	royal			capital professor lands lead role with uk athletics edinburgh university professor dave collins was today appointed as the new performance director of uk athletics. the ex royal marine, who has worked with competitors across a range of sports in the capital
1			party			special interests woo powerful at rnc it's party time for trade associations, companies and interest groups at the gop convention in new york, and each is trying to outdo the next in gimmicks to lure in movers and shakers.
4			un	science	technology			brazil clinches deal for u.n. nuclear inspection brazil has reached a deal with the u.n. atomic agency to allow inspections of its uranium enrichment plant that protect its nuclear technology, brazil's ministry of science and technology said on wednesday.
1			country	minister			hope for fingerprinting by 2006 in a bid to improve security, ministers from five european countries said monday they hoped to start digital fingerprinting for passports in 2006, but they split over
2			race			new web site takes aim at 'arms race of spin' everywhere duke university graduate student brendan nyhan and his partners in the political web site look, they see spin...
2			club	play	victory	win	match			els tops westwood to win his record sixth hsbc match play crown ernie els had a 35th birthday to remember forever on sunday at the wentworth club. a 2 1 victory over an under the weather lee westwood completed with a 20 foot birdie putt on
2			game	season			video game giants roll out products nintendo co. and sony corp. made separate product announcements tuesday that the video game giants hope will attract more customers ahead of the highly competitive holiday shopping season.
3			shareholder	value	sale			pulitzer inc. says it 's considering sale pulitzer inc. said sunday that company officials are considering selling the newspaper publisher to boost shareholder value.
4			software	feature			mcafee beefs up virusscan security updated antivirus software for businesses adds intrusion prevention features.
4			user	processor	technology	server	high			hp faces new realities in a 64 bit world the company this week will unveil more programs and technologies designed to ease users of its high end servers onto its integrity line, which uses intel's 64 bit itanium processor.
2			round	champion	team	trophy	pakistan	game	match			ganguly praises team india, awaits arch rival pakistan southampton: indian skipper sourav ganguly on saturday expressed happiness over the all round performance of the team in the icc champions trophy match against kenya and said they were ready for the big game against pakistan.
2			player	game	exhibition			labor pains players strike the last eight days of spring training. ninety two exhibition games are canceled. june 1981 players stage first midseason strike in history.
2			leader	player	baseball			players speak their minds to union leaders don fehr is always quick to say what 's said in baseball union meetings is confidential. that edict didn 't change this week when the executive board held what turns out to be a historic session on steroids.
4			platform	system	software	wrap	developer			palm produces smartphone os palmsource has taken the wraps off of its latest smartphone software platform, launching os cobalt 6.1 with an eye on drawing more licensees and developers to the company's operating system and improving the performance of converged voice data devices.
2			career	season			mickelson confident despite change in equipment phil mickelson remains true to his tv ads that ask: what will phil do next? at the end of the most successful season of his career, mickelson arrived
2			sport			brazil protests to cas over de lima assault brazil 's olympic committee will protest to the court of arbitration for sport cas over the assault on vanderlei de lima who was pushed off the road when he was leading the olympic marathon on sunday.
4			enterprise	system	development	server	storage			hp forms new blade group hewlett packard co. hp announced on monday that it has formed a new division within its enterprise storage and servers group chartered with unifying the company's blade system development efforts.
2			winner	race			and the unexpected olympics winner is...athens the greatest race of the olympics produced the most unlikely winner.
4			system	microsystems	project	source			sun 's opensolaris plans start to emerge sun microsystems on friday will unveil more of its plans for opensolaris, the open source project for the solaris operating system.
2			player	game	price			sony sets price, date for playstation portable in japan, that is. the game player's surprising pricing there may indicate what the u.s. market can expect.
4			database	increase	linux	ibm	software	sale	technology			technology ; sybase partners with ibm to sell database software sybase will have an opportunity to increase database software sales by teaming up with big blue, which has made a big push into linux in recent years.
3			investor	ipo	earnings			google wows investors with first results since ipo internet search giant google, which raised 1.7 billion in a highly publicized ipo, announced its first quarterly earnings as a public company thursday, and the results were stellar. google reported revenue of 805.9 million, more than double last year's 393.3 million.
1			fan	movie	politician	president			philippines mourn downfallen movie star and former president ... thousands of families, friends, fans and politicians paid non stop visits to a church in metro manila, where the remains of the lost presidential candidate but evergreen action star, fernando poe jr.
4			design	patent	technology			nokia sues over patent and registered designs nokia, the world 's largest mobile phone maker, took legal action earlier this week against two european manufacturers for allegedly infringing on technology patents and registered designs.
4			speed	mac			the dual 2.5 ghz power mac g5: unadulterated power the fastest power mac yet may still be hard to find in stores, but online news editor ken mingis finds that if you really need speed, you won't be disappointed.
4			platform	core	generation			radvision gets deal for partner's 3g video trial israel's radvision said on monday its video services platform has been chosen by mobile phone operator partner communications as a core part of its third generation video services trial.
2			howard	final	race	play	game			race is wide open as howard prepares to play its final six games, all against meac opponents, the bison find themselves in the thick of the conference race.
2			nation	team			maryland wary of no. 7 west virginia overconfidence usually isn't an issue when facing the nation's seventh ranked team on the road, yet maryland has every reason to feel smug about its chances of winning saturday against west virginia.
3			trader	profit			dollar rallies in year end profit taking the dollar gained broadly on friday for the third straight session, as strong u.s. economic data gave traders additional reasons to take profits in other currencies before the year's end.
4			general	tool	software	development			tibco scoops up software company the purchase of privately held general interface puts middleware specialist tibco in the software development tool market.
4			code			filibuster threatened over corporate tax changes description: the senate on friday scrambled to finish work on the biggest revision of corporate tax codes congress has considered since 1986.
1			reform			trade groups, firms push to ease tough federal scrutiny two and a half years after congress passed the most sweeping corporate reforms since the great depression, trade groups are maneuvering to revise them, arguing that they are too expensive, too time consuming and too much trouble for small businesses.
2			general	run	team	sport			49ers give donahue contract extension santa clara, calif., sports network the san francisco 49ers tuesday re signed general manager terry donahue to a multi year contract. as per team policy, financial terms were not released, but the deal is a four year extension and will run through 2009.
4			processor			dell launches axim x50 and x50v dell has upgraded its x30 with the x50 range of handhelds with three new models. the new axim handheld computers offer intel xscale processors up to 624mhz, integrated wi fi 802.
2			game			feuding midfielders d.c. united's dema kovalenko and dallas's ronnie o'brien are still at odds over a scuffle near the start of their game last week.
2			play	player	country			robinson carries uw 's big hopes the smallest man on the court always seems to make the biggest plays for the washington huskies. dazzling guard nate robinson is one of the most exciting players in the country.
4			development			shopping search update 2004, part 2 here's a look at new and interesting developments at the major shopping search and comparision sites during 2004. today: nextag, pricegrabber, and yahoo shopping.
3			shareholder	management			computer associatates bonus proposal defeated the management of computer associates ca:nyse news research on wednesday defeated three efforts by shareholders and corporate governance advocates to punish the company for an accounting scandal that led to the restatement of $ 2 billion in revenue
2			title	championship	win			thurig wins world time trial title swiss racer karin thurig won the women 's world time trial title at the championships in bardolino, to claim her first major international crown.
2			player	baseball			players' fears rising baseball players and their families have become increasingly concerned about theft and kidnapping in venezuela after the recent abduction of ugueth urbina's mother.
2			fan	game			greek stars fan scandal 's flames by withdrawing on a day on which both greece and the olympics celebrated themselves by returning the games to their ancient home in olympia, two popular greek athletes withdrew from the track and field competition amid a scandal befitting that ...
2			game	sale			ea sees girl power boost with 'sims 2' sales video game giant electronic arts expects to sell 2 million units of the sims 2 video game this year in europe, proving skeptics wrong that you can't build a market around female gamers.
3			cell	enterprise			at cell phone brand will live on the enterprise customers doing cell phone business with the confusing mix of at wireless, cingular wireless, and at now have a future roadmap, after the three companies
4			user			americans 'misjudge online risks' some us computer users vastly under estimate the dangers of going online, a survey shows.
4			patent	technology	share			samsung, sony sign sweeping patent deal some key technologies will not be included in the deal. sony and samsung will not share patented technology related to sony 's digital reality creation drc and playstation architecture or to
3			investor	profit			a bird's eye test for profits comparing operating cash flows to net income lets investors weed out disasters early.
1			election	movie	president	opposition			philippine actor presidential candidate poe in coma movie star fernando poe, jr, president gloria macapagal arroyo 's main challenger in the may presidential election, is in a coma after suffering a stroke, an opposition congressman said sunday.
4			system	speed	server			verisign speeds up registry updates verisign said thursday it will update its domain name system servers every few seconds, instead of twice a day. with this rapid updates policy, the internet domain name registry said, people who seek new
3			shareholder	rating	stock	share			valuations seen intact for oracle, peoplesoft s p equity research maintained ratings for peoplesoft nasdaq: psft news people and oracle nasdaq: orcl news people . on saturday, 61 of peoplesoft shareholders tendered their stock in favor of oracle 's offer of $ 24 a share for the company.
4			lab	platform	upgrade	linux	scale	development	core	source			linux scales new test platform testing has always been a critical part of it and certainly has become a fundamental component of linux adoption. one of the most critical core pieces of linux testing got a significant upgrade this week, courtesy of the open source development lab ...
4			low	technology			zigbee clears ratification hurdle intelligent sensor networks moved a little closer to commercial deployment on tuesday with the ratification of zigbee. zigbee is a short range, very low power wireless technology.
3			investor			host marriott selling stake in courtyard host marriott corp. said wednesday that it is selling a majority of its stake in courtyard hotels to an institutional investor for $ 92 million in a move to divest a noncore asset.
4			system	software	erp			avis europe is latest to get stung by it avis europe plc has dumped a new erp system based on software from peoplesoft inc. before it was even rolled out, citing substantial delays and higher than expected costs.
3			share	dow	holding	enterprise			china resources to issue 57.97m shrs for supermarket buys hong kong dow jones china resources enterprise ltd. said it will issue 57.97 million new shares to its parent china resources holdings co.
1			leader	party	military	president			china's communist elite to mull party building at plenary session china's ruling party opens its annual plenary session thursday, with the communist elite battling to bolster its waning image amid an apparent power struggle between president hu jintao and military leader jiang zemin.
4			generation			photos: vodafone's 3g generation vodafone will primarily target the under 35's, a group which it characterized as the young, active, fun market.
1			president			blockbuster sacrifices late fees to lure renters blockbuster is tired of being the butt of jokes on leno and letterman. and, even closer to home, it wants to eliminate what the company 's president calls those unpleasant conversations at the register.
2			coach	game			santini resigns as tottenham hotspur coach jacques santini has quit as manager of tottenham hotspur after just 13 games in charge. a spurs statement on friday said the former france manager is returning to france for personal reasons .
1			leadership	airway			us airways pilots hold emergency meeting pilots at us airways group inc. are slated hold an emergency meeting friday, a few days after their union leadership rejected an airline proposal for significant wage and work rule concessions.
4			developer			giving back in a big way few developers could build a commercial property empire of 74 debt free office, industrial, retail, and research buildings valued at about $ 800 million. even fewer would then give most of it away.
1			democrat	talk	morning	election			china invites moderate democrats to meetings paper china has invited four newly elected pro democracy lawmakers for talks in a conciliatory gesture after weekend legislative elections, the south china morning post reported on thursday.
2			auto	game			gta training game for murderers? on friday, grand theft auto, perhaps the most notorious of the shoot em up computer game genre, upped the ante again. after months of slavering speculation, its newest incarnation, grand theft auto: san andreas, was officially released.
4			region	ibm	software	development	computing	source			ibm promotes open source in india ibm corp. has partnered with a computing and an educational institution in india to promote the development of open source software in the region, the company said thursday.
2			game	patriot			already 3 0, they are hard to contend with ok, so now the patriots are 3 0 on this exhib , no, wait, these games actually count , don't they?
2			champion	championship			racing: consortium claims it has agreed terms to keep silverstone ... london : a consortium, including former world champion nigel mansell, claims it has agreed terms to ensure silverstone remains one of the venues for the 2005 formula one world championship.
2			game	animal			fears for rhino as hunters are allowed to kill again big game hunters can return to africa to shoot the black rhino after a 20 year worldwide ban on trade in the animals was lifted yesterday.
1			talk			paddock talk brazil when rubens barrichello crossed the line in qualifying and p1, p1 filled his ears, my legs went numb, the brazilian explained.
2			player			dell pocket dj and dj 20 gb released dell yesterday unveiled their new portable mp3 players, the dell dj 20gb for $ 249 and the pocket dj 5gb for $ 199. both units will be available beginning november in the usa.
3			investor	producer			hershey buys macadamia nut producer hershey foods corp. on monday said it would acquire mauna loa macadamia nut corp. from a private investor group for $ 112.4 million, plus debt, as the chocolate maker looks to add products that appeal to health conscious consumers.
4			user	tool	vendor			paypal provides antifraud, antispam tool to users online payment service paypal is offering its users antifraud and antispam tools from security vendor cloudmark.
3			chain			children's place to buy disney stores children's place retail stores inc. on wednesday said it will buy walt disney co.'s chain of north american retail stores and pledged to invest 100 million in them.
4			leader	system	value			china sees value of stronger currency chinese leaders have held several lengthy meetings in the past few weeks to discuss revaluing the yuan but have decided not to tinker with the system in the short term, a press report said.
4			system	ship	version			next version of windows for pc 's to ship in 2006 icrosoft laid out its plan yesterday for shipping the next version of its windows operating system for personal computers in 2006, but to meet its timetable the company has scaled back its technological ambitions for the product.
4			night	country	technology			canceled checks, float soon to disappear every night, millions of cashed checks fly around the country, headed for their home bank. starting in october, technology will start to ground many of those flights.
4			science	access			art museums balance access against security by christopher andreae correspondent of the christian science monitor. since the scream by norwegian angst artist edvard munch was stolen by armed robbers last sunday, the media have been asking every art expert in sight, why does this keep happening?
3			use	good			did triassic monster use suction to feed? a newly discovered triassic reptile that has a neck much longer than its body is reopening a question long thought settled: what good is a long neck?
4			user	microsoft	technology			microsoft debuts own web search technology microsoft corp. finally debuted its own web search technology on thursday, hoping to challenge google inc.'s long dominance of the field with results tailored to a user's location and answers from its encarta encyclopedia.
2			medal	race	team			pursuit team secure medal britain's team pursuit quartet will race off for gold against australia on monday.
1			minister			spectre of closure haunts the uffizi one of the world 's greatest art museums, the uffizi gallery in florence, may be forced to close by huge government spending cuts, the italian heritage minister said yesterday.
2			player	single	team			real merges its player, music services units realnetworks inc. is merging its realplayer and music services business units into a single group so that the teams can collaborate on developing new products and services, the company announced thursday.
2			champion			sainz injured in pre rally testing two time world champion carlos sainz was taken to hospital for observation after crashing his citroen during practice for the rally australia on tuesday.
1			party	election			seventeen political parties demand postponement of elections seventeen political parties on friday demanded postponement of the jan. 30 elections for at least six months until the government is capable of securing polling places.
2			game			wireless nintendo nintendo is hoping to retain its dominance of the portable game market with the launch of wireless nintendo ds, a hand held double screen console.
4			microsoft	team	enterprise	tool	system	development			microsoft details new domain specific modeling tools microsoft corp. is continuing its efforts to tap the enterprise level development market with the announcement of a new framework and tool for visual studio team system to
2			hit	good	team			down to their last prayer they haven't hit the way they can, or pitched the way they should, or executed fundamentals the way good teams are expected to in october.
2			playoff	team	race	season	sport	version			the chase brings new drama to nascar saturday 's chevy rock roll 400 at rir was the season 's 26th event, the last chance for drivers to qualify for the 10 race chase, nascar 's version of team sport playoffs.
3			retailer			kb toys mulls closing crabtree location toy retailer kb toys inc. announced tuesday that it will close 141 to 238 underperforming stores by jan. 31, 2005. the company 's store at crabtree valley mall on glenwood avenue is one of the locations kb toys says it is considering closing.
4			hardware			dell extends lead in pcs com october 18, 2004, 4:57 pm pt. zdnet 's survey of it professionals in october kept upgrading hardware at number two on the businesses radar throughout the year.
4			platform			new firm launches web services based collaborative platform cordys inc. announced a new web services based platform designed to create more efficient and collaborative business environments.
1			election			ohio provisional ballots seem legitimate the vast majority of provisional ballots cast in ohio were legitimate, say election officials who are poring over thousands of presidential election ballots.
4			software			news and trends yesterday we noted that more and more companies are heading to the courts to sue other companies in intellectual property disputes involving software, because they believe they can get away with it whether they re in the right or not.
4			technology			u.s. market big test for mexico's bimbo mexico's bimbo, the world's no. 3 bread maker, is expected to start turning around its ailing u.s. unit next year, aided by new technology to improve distribution and by the partial closure of a tough competitor, according to analysts.
4			text	feature			product review: nokia 6820 wireless messaging handset the nokia nyse: nok 6820 is an ergonomically pleasing handheld device that integrates short text, multimedia and instant messaging capabilities with all of the features and functions that one normally would expect to find in a dedicated gsm gprs cellular phone.
2			game	series			mad catz signs games accessory deal with disney video game accessory maker mad catz interactive inc. will release a series of game related products based on disney properties starting with the incredibles, mad catz chief executive darren richardson said on wednesday.
2			team	club	season			free agents start taking offers from other clubs the off season landscape changed a bit friday, the first day teams were allowed to present offers to free agents from other clubs.
4			microsoft	computing			ask matt q: how will microsoft 's decision to get into the downloadable music business affect the company? a: microsoft must have been quietly and enviously sitting in the background as apple computer has created a revolution in computing.
2			hit	game	series			mgs 3: snake eater cooks up retail it 's been three years since the last all new metal gear solid game, mgs 2: sons of liberty, hit the playstation 2. in that time, there have been various remakes of installments from the series, including: metal gear solid 2: substance, which was basically
2			play	growth	game			germans shun violent video games germans reluctance to play violent video games and to spend much in a subdued consumer climate are proving stubborn obstacles to the growth of europe 's least developed games market.
2			concern	sport			chrysler, ford recall over 1 million vehicles daimlerchrysler's chrysler division said on friday it was recalling about 600,000 dodge durango sport utility vehicles and dodge dakota pickup trucks because of concerns about their safety.
1			president			students heckle iranian president iranian students interrupt a speech by president khatami to mark student day at tehran university.
3			growth			voters show they want more say in growth issues voters are sending mixed signals about how they want their communities to grow, embracing strict controls in some places and rejecting them in others.
2			match			search engine forums spotlight links to this week's topics from search engine forums across the web: seo for an ebay store? who benefits most from 3 adsense ads per page what seo guarantees do you offer? keywords in quotes vs. keywords in italics yahoo local match yellow pages
2			uefa	club	play	cup	game			robbo focused on fight ahead as well as taking part in the uefa cup robbo 's first game in charge is tonight against schalke the gorgie club are also surrounded by an ongoing controversy about where they will play in the future.
4			content			vindigo sold to japanese content company japan's pays $ 36.5 million for provider of maps, news and other material for mobile devices.
2			coach	match	team	sport			italy sports new look squad italy coach marcello lippi will field an altered team wednesday in a friendly match against finland.
4			technology	un	access			u.n. nuke inspectors: no access in brazil brazil has emphasized that its commitment to an international treaty meant to stop the spread of nuclear weapons may not be open ended, and it continues to resist giving u.n. inspectors access to its technology that can make such weapons, diplomats said thursday.
3			sale	airway			us airways says not selling aircraft us airways said on saturday it has no current plans to reduce its fleet of aircraft, disputing postings on the internet that the bankrupt carrier has put planes up for sale.
2			game			touches of weird, done best in japan no one does weird quite as well as japanese game designers and animators. in this spirit, three new video games bring the bizarre home.
4			standard			government panel says cybersecurity mandates not needed despite real threats and little sense of urgency by many company executives, now is not the time for the u.s. government to mandate cybersecurity standards to private industry, a panel of of government officials said.
4			developer	user	microsoft	server			microsoft pushes sql server 2005 back those users and developers anxious to get their hands on sql server 2005 will have to be anxious a little longer.
4			email	sender	technology	standard	source			sender id working group disbanded the internet engineering task force ietf has wound up its working group on sender id, the proposed spam cutting standard. the purpose of sender id technology is to help verify the source of emails by authenticating domain addresses as valid.
4			software	microsoft			update 3: eu probes microsoft time warner deal risking another trans atlantic tussle over microsoft corp., european union antitrust regulators said wednesday they were investigating whether the software giant 's deal with media conglomerate time warner inc.
3			profit	earnings			hilton profit up on travel recovery hilton hotels corp. on monday said third quarter earnings almost doubled as business and leisure travel increased, filling its big urban hotels.
4			platform			big blue installs safekeeper tpm safekeeper trusted i o devices have a trusted platform module tpm , which stores passwords, digital certificates, and encryption keys.
4			hardware	strength	system	siemens	high			fujitsu joining cisco systems this time. fujitsu and cisco systems, both high end hardware manufacturers are joining forces. earlier, fujitsu bundled their strengths with popular phone company siemens.
3			general	sale	stock	share			diageo raises 1.84bn from share sale diageo has raised $ 2.26bn 1.84bn from the sale of 49.9 million shares of common stock held in us based cheerios cereal maker general mills.
1			leader	party	arrest	opposition			suu kyi 's house arrest extended burma 's opposition party says its leader, aung san suu kyi, has had her house arrest extended for another 12 months until september next year.
2			general	dream	sport			gm pulls corvette tv ad featuring underage driver fast and sleek, the chevy corvette is the sports car of many a schoolboy 's dreams. and, for general motors corp., a pr nightmare.
3			retailer			sun capital putting anchor on block the boca raton, fla., venture capital firm hopes to get 210 million or more for the teenage apparel retailer.
3			growth	good	country			9.3 economic growth for china in 2004 expected a world bank expert said the year 2004 is going to be a good year for china as the country 's economy will grow rapidly with higher than
2			patriot	team	victory	win	game			patriots make the bills pay and win their 18th game in a row the patriots, who have not lost since sept. 28, 2003, joined four teams with 18 consecutive victories.
2			player	final	championship	season			a lot on the line in the final full field event of the season, several players are under pressure to finish well at the chrysler championship for a variety of reasons.
4			system	high	switch			fujitsu and cisco form strategic alliance fujitsu limited and cisco systems announced a strategic alliance focusing on routers and switches for the japanese markets. specifically, the companies agreed to jointly develop high end routers and will collaborate
2			team	game	preseason	season			home games scrapped the capitals join several teams in announcing the cancellation of the preseason and some regular season games on tuesday.
4			collaboration	suite			oracle lets loose tsunami collaboration suite 10g san franciscooracle corp. topped off a torrent of product announcements during its openworld customer conference this week with the introduction of its collaboration suite 10g, which is designed as a universal
3			growth			businesses keep q3 pc growth on track pc shipments have started to ease off, as expected, but the worldwide pc market remained fairly strong in the third quarter, according to research from idc and gartner inc. released monday.
4			player	siemens	technology			siemens snaps up chantry siemens quote, chart will acquire wireless lan technology player chantry networks to fill out its hipath lineup, executives said thursday.
2			basketball	player	sport	violence			in our view: violence in sports not acceptable commissioner david stern has drawn a line on unacceptable behavior by players in the national basketball association. whether he can keep it from being blurred or erased by the players union or a court decision remains to be seen.
4			microsoft	tool	software	patch	developer	flaw			microsoft issues patch for critical jpeg handling flaw microsoft corp. today released a patch for its latest critical security flaw affecting how windows, office and developer tools software process images in the jpeg image format.
4			desktop	microsoft	software	application	version			search companies vye for the desktop all the major web portals seem to be rushing delivery on one product this holiday: desktop search software. microsoft plans to introduce a test version of its desktop search application in the coming days, meeting its stated deadline by a nose.
2			play	tour			german goalkeeper battle escalates jens lehmann wore the wrong gloves and is not available for germany 's asian tour in december. oliver kahn, by contrast, has the right gloves, can play in december and will be made fit like never before by sepp maier.
4			space	nasa	technology	brain	scientist			nasa studying 'rain man's' brain nasa scientists are studying autistic savant kim peek, hoping that technology used to study the effects of space travel on the brain will help explain his mental capabilities.
2			coach	football	season			chill deepens for clemsons year clemson football coaches spent the off season down playing the unexpected departures of donnell washington and derrick hamilton, a couple of playmakers who bolted to the pros after their junior seasons.
3			profit	sale	second			research in motion 2q profit soars research in motion ltd., which makes the blackberry handheld device and other mobile products, on thursday said its second quarter profit rose significantly on improved sales.
4			software	microsoft	technology	august			tuesday 24th august 2004 could integrating antivirus software into windows be the key to solving microsoft 's security woes or could the technology create more problems than it solves?
1			leader	election	country	president			results show da silva leading brazil vote brazilian voters gave a boost to president luiz inacio lula da silva in nationwide municipal elections on sunday, according to initial results, in the first electoral test for the leftist leader and his plans to remake latin america's biggest country.
3			retailer	share			blow for alh as hopes of rival coles bid recede shares in the pub and bottle shop owner australian leisure hospitality group slipped yesterday after coles myer chief executive john fletcher gave his strongest indication yet that the retailer 's
1			president			ex disney director says he was briefed on ovitz 's pay by bloomberg news. michael d. eisner, the chief executive of walt disney, kept board members abreast of the negotiations to hire the talent agent michael s. ovitz as the company 's president
3			sale			update 6: fda called defenseless against bad drugs the american public is virtually defenseless if another medication such as vioxx proves to be unsafe after it is approved for sale, a government drug safety reviewer told a congressional committee thursday.
2			team	fan	football	season			badgers fans hyped about teams undefeated season never in the university of wisconsin football programs 115 year history have the badgers been 10 0. that could happen today in east lansing, mich.
1			winner	election	bush	party	democrat	president			winners and losers republicans were the clear winners tuesday as president bush won re election and the party expanded its majorities in both the senate and house of representatives. democrats emerged from the polls with a bad case of the blues and a mandate to figure out what went wrong.
4			system			parker hannifin completes purchase of sporlan valve co. parker hannifin corp. has completed its acquisition of sporlan valve co., a provider of refrigeration and air conditioning systems, the companies said monday.
1			politics	cabinet	president	concern	indonesia			indonesia 's yudhoyono swears in new cabinet with some surprises indonesia 's new president has sworn in his cabinet, a day after his inauguration. but some of the names in the new administration have raised concerns among observers that politics might have won out over practicalities.
4			standard	networking	technology	generation			airgo next generation wi fi gets global approval company's mimo wireless networking technology gets approval from standards bodies in u.s., japan, canada, australia and eu.
4			technology			samsung electronics claims industry first with 2 gb ddr2 sdram samsung electronics co ltd said it has developed the industry 's first 2 gigabit gb ddr2 sdram utilizing 80 nanometer nm process technology.
1			party	politics	nation	sweep			the new american idol politics as usual? hasta la vista, baby. the radical center has flexed its muscle in california, short circuiting the parties and going directly to the people. now it could sweep the nation. by jill stewart from wired magazine.
1			president			straw justifies mugabe handshake jack straw defends his handshake with zimbabwe's much criticised president robert mugabe.
4			united	stock	technology			stocks to watch on friday, december 10 united technologies corp. :
4			technology			apple to open first european retail store in london apple is to open its first retail store in europe on saturday, a state of the art boutique in central london selling the latest products from the us computer and technology group.
4			technology			playing with tv this holiday the hottest new products for kids have one thing in common: they all interact with the tube, whether by means of sensors, radio wave technology or the regular old tv remote control.
2			hockey	player	game	nhl			game off, nhl votes to lock out players saying economics have to ... the nhl pulled the plug on hockey wednesday, with an emotional gary bettman painting a bleak picture of a grand canyon sized divide between owners and the players association.
4			ship	software	version			bladelogic ships updated data center automation software version 6 of bladelogic operations manager allows data center managers to make provisioning, change and compliance actions based on the services a company needs.
2			championship	football	series	game	bowl			bcs set to forge failure the bowl championship series was created with the sole purpose of finally producing a true national championship game in college football.
3			shareholder	share	price			google lowers price range the search engine giant, which was expected to go public as early as wednesday, instead has slashed the deal 's expected price range and cut the number of shares being sold by existing shareholder in half. the new parameters suggest a newly public google ...
3			finance			finance workers in union merger a total of 140,000 members at union unifi are absorbed into amicus to create a 'super union' for uk finance workers.
3			profit	sale			ny times profit slips as ad sales uneven the new york times co. nyt.n: quote, profile, research on wednesday reported lower quarterly net profit, weighed down by an inconsistent ad sales environment.
4			ship	upgrade	suite	version			oracle apps upgrade to ship within 60 days oracle customers will be able to get the delayed version of the company's e business suite 11i.10 within 60 days, oracle announced today.
2			victory	win	player	cup	game			smolinski helps us get in win column a couple of players who weren 't able to crack the us lineup when the world cup began earlier this week helped propel the americans to victory in a game they had no choice but to win.
4			silicon			condominiums for businesses fill a niche in california the dot com collapse in silicon valley has contributed to the emergence of a previously obscure class of office building: the commercial condominium.
3			growth			nortel warns on 2004 revenue growth nortel networks corp. warned thursday that its full year growth is expected to trail the industry, rather than lead it as the company had predicted as recently as a month ago.
2			player	ranger			rangers sign hidalgo wanting another bat to support their young players, the rangers agree to a $ 5 million, one year contract with richard hidalgo.
1			election	talk	president	crisis	opposition			ukraine set for talks on crisis ukraine's president and opposition agree to hold talks, as huge protests over disputed elections continue.
4			holding	reader	technology			motorola turns mobile phone into wallet motorola is to conduct a trial of mobile phones incorporating mastercard 's paypass, a contactless payment technology. the handsets will allow customers to make payments by holding the device next to a reader
2			league	soccer	player	fan	game			stern seeks solution david stern would not want to be in charge of a league that needs barriers to separate fans from players. nor would he follow the lead of european soccer and order games to be played in empty arenas.
3			good			weather's fine at dress barn dress barn turns in good, not great, results and still blames the weather.
1			terror	leadership	election	general	fighting	president			millions of indonesians vote in landmark election indonesians voted on monday in a landmark election expected to remove president megawati sukarnoputri and install an ex general who has vowed firmer leadership in fighting terror and boosting the economy.
1			concern	election	violence			shiites signal concern over sunni turnout amid violence a leading shiite political figure showed signs of unease on thursday about the risks that the continuing violence here poses for the elections.
4			software	patch			oracle moves to quarterly security patch cycle software maker oracle will soon start issuing security patches quarterly. this new patch schedule comes only months after the company said it would issue such security updates every month.
1			politician	race			politicians go courting on indian reservations in the last few years, political races from congress to county sheriff have begun to hinge on the american indian vote.
4			election	tool	technology			2004 election candidate comparison search by pricegrabber 2004 election candidate comparison search by pricegrabber pricegrabber, a shopping search engine, in conjunction with the university of southern california's usc center for e government, has employed its shopping comparison technology to create a useful and unique candidate comparison tool to help voters choose between more than 100 candidates in the 2004 ...
3			sale			circuit city quarterly loss narrows circuit city stores inc. on friday reported a narrower quarterly loss from continuing operations as sales of higher margin warranties and improved distribution helped offset weak merchandise sales.
3			management	holding			ameren seeks to slash workforce utility holding company ameren corp. announced plans wednesday to reduce its payroll by offering 950 union and management employees financial incentives to leave.
4			technology			taiwan chip giant seeks strong partnerships the head of the world 's largest contract chip manufacturer said thursday it will cost an estimated $ 1 billion euro 776 million for his company to develop the latest chip production technology.
4			worm	development			new mydoom offers 'how to' details it's like they wanted to help us, which is weird, says one security expert of the latest bizarre twist in the worm's development.
2			game			outcasts of greece and the games the rubble is everywhere: rusted car parts, a rickety baby carriage, a broken tv and all manner of trash. the ground is unpaved and strewn with rocks.
4			microsoft	software	technology	use	movie	access			picture 4 of 8: microsoft's new media center push software maker heads to la to show off a host of gadgets that use one or another microsoft technology to access movies, music and video.
2			point	victory	classic	season	sport			no. 3 lsu 81, maine 50 seimone augustus scored 17 points and third ranked lsu opened the season with an 81 50 victory over maine in the women 's sports foundation classic on thursday.
4			guidant	player	technology			harvard cardiologist a key player in guidant deal beverly h. lorell took a leave from her academic job last year to become chief medical and technology officer for guidant corp. the post puts her at the center
2			match			web site helps undecided voters choose presidential guidester polls voters, matches their positions with those of candidates.
3			sale			can mr. chips transform intel? paul s. otellini was 41 and a rising star at intel when, in 1992, his boss informed him that the company would choose him as its new chief of sales and marketing.
4			platform	region	infrastructure	telephony			asia pacific mobile telcos in regional joint venture a new joint venture wireless telephony company will provide regional mobile infrastructure and a common service platform to some 56 million customers across the asia pacific region.
2			champion			iceland to home bobby fischer iceland is ready to provide a residence permit to worlds chess ex champion bobby fischer whos now serving his sentence in one of the japanese jails.
4			switch			cisco revamps catalyst switch range cisco today unveiled what it claimed is the world 's first gigabit ethernet gbe enabled ip phone, in addition to a raft of enhancements to its catalyst switching range designed to boost security, availability and performance.
3			server	sale	share			server sales rocket by almost a quarter hp and sun 's ongoing bitter battle for server market share is being played out against overall global sales of servers that have surged strongly to surpass $ 11.
2			sport	british	prix			msa welcome british gp deal. the motor sports association, the governing body of motorsport in the uk, has welcomed yesterday 's announcement that a deal has been agreed to keep the british grand prix at silverstone for the next five years.
4			use	high	computing	enterprise			oracle sees enterprise future for apple apple 's appeal to enterprise and high end computing grew yesterday when oracle announced its support and use of xserves internally.
4			kodak	technology	lawsuit			sun loses $ 1 billion lawsuit to kodak let 's say you re a technology company that 's now struggling to cope with technological changes that threaten the very premise of your business... waitaminute, maybe that particular hypothetical isn 't such
4			alternative			alternative medicine slips into the mainstream in medical circles, what was once considered either old fashioned or far out is getting another look. and sometimes that new look can bring about different ways to treat diseases and conditions...
1			politician	nazi			france opens judicial inquiry into holocaust doubter french prosecutors said monday they were opening a judicial investigation into comments by a leading far right politician who questioned whether the nazis used gas chambers in the holocaust.
1			president			eisner takes the stand: i was not in this alone walt disney co. ceo michael eisner tried to turn back years of criticism monday by insisting that he was neither rash nor selfish in hiring friend michael ovitz as president in october 1995.
3			investor	expense	buying			nasd says do your homework on 529 plans the nasd urges investors to do their homework before buying a 529 college savings plan. fees, expenses, tax incentives and returns vary from state to state, and investors therefore should look for
1			war	debate	kerry			kerry war debate hinges on fickle memories you'd think the details would be scorched into a veteran's memory like a cattle brand: ducking gunfire, seeing someone die in battle, bracing against a blast's concussion. who could forget?
4			science	gene	human	development			hgs picks watkins as new chief executive 20 year product development veteran from abbott laboratories will face the challenge of completing human genome sciences' makeover from gene hunter to drug marketer.
3			investment			experts on gazprom and rosneft 's merger rbc, 12.11.2004, moscow 14:57:41.analysts with russian investment companies consider positive news that the government approved the methodology of gazprom and rosneft 's merger.
2			play	match	win	title			els wins record sixth match play title ernie els won the world match play title for a record sixth time on his 35th birthday, beating lee westwood 2 and 1 sunday to capture golf's biggest payday $ 1.8 million.
2			victory	championship	season			mystics on the verge in the eastern conference's cellar for much of the season, the mystics could lock up a trip to the conference championship with a victory over the sun monday.
4			user			internet banking fraudsters step up phishing scam a potent new program circulating on the internet embeds itself on a user's computer and either overwrites saved bookmarks or redirects the victim from the intended banking site to an authentic looking fake.
4			cell			sprint backs apple tech for video streaming cell carrier certifies quicktime format for delivering video to handsets.
4			system			eds: 20,000 job cuts over next 2 years electronic data systems corp. , one of the world's biggest computer services company, is likely to cut up to 20,000 jobs over the next two years, the company's chief executive said on thursday.
2			united	football	club	manchester	sport			glazer set to seize man utd american sports magnate malcolm glazer is poised to seize control of manchester united with an audacious 790 million bid to buy the world 's richest football club.
2			match	season			portsmouth vs tottenham match preview i don 't know about you, but this season really doesn 't feel like it 's started yet. you just about get into the groove of a couple of matches in a row, and then some sodding international match pops up and that 's it everything goes on hold for two weeks.
1			president	election			clinton feels 'distant' from election former president clinton may be out on the campaign trail, but he says he feels a bit detached from the to and fro of the elections.
1			parliament	president			somalia forms central government after years of anarchy, somalia is poised to set up a new parliament which will elect a president.
1			president			update 1: ex disney director testifies about eisner a former walt disney co. director testified monday that disney chief executive michael eisner told her in a december 1996 telephone conversation that then disney president michael ovitz was being fired and was eligible for a large severance package.
2			team	stadium	football	development			ny state economic development agency approves proposal a proposal for a $ 1.4 billion stadium for the new york jets professional football team inched ahead on thursday as the empire state development corp.
4			server	app	application	version			oracle 's new app server targets midmarket oracle tuesday continued its midmarket push with the release of a new version of its 10g j2ee application server priced for midsize customers.
3			holding			dbs warned of further supervisory action after safe deposit box ... dbs group holdings may face further supervisory action after hong kong 's de facto central bank ordered it to investigate how 83 of its safe deposit boxes in its hong kong branch were destroyed.
4			software	standard	feature	mode			intel launches tri mode wi fi chipset intel has unveiled a new centrino chipset that supports three wi fi standards, along with new wireless software and improved security features.
4			system	broadband	hague	technology			t mobile tries out flarion mobile broadband data system mobile carrier t mobile is testing flarion technologies flash ofdm mobile broadband technology in the hague, the netherlands.
2			magic	game	team			magic's mobley out for another game orlando magic guard cuttino mobley will be sidelined with a strained groin until the weekend, but the team said tuesday that center kelvin cato is expected to return wednesday from a sprained right ankle.
2			nba	play	night	season	game			knicks are cooked at home because this is the nba, and not broadway, the knicks will get to play 80 more games this season instead of having their show close after one night.
2			coach	game	football	season			san jose state football coach resigns san jose, calif. nov 22, 2004 san jose state coach fitz hill resigned monday with one game left in his fourth straight losing season with the spartans.
2			medal	race			cooke vows to learn athens lesson nicole cooke could ride in four or more olympics but the pain of her first will always be with her. after finishing just outside the medal placings in sunday 's road race, the welsh cyclist put herself through another half hour of sun baked agony in the ...
4			technology			dutch bank unveils 4,000 job cuts the netherlands biggest bank abn amro says it is cutting more than 4,000 back office and information technology staff as it aims to bring its cost base in line with its competitors.
1			party	president			mugabe moves against party rivals deep splits emerge in zimbabwe's ruling party amidst jockeying for position to succeed president mugabe.
3			trading	retailer			'buoyant' market for carphone mobile phone retailer carphone warehouse says recent trading has been better than expected thanks to robust demand.
4			software	file			navigating pcs with pictures, not words is your hard drive the land of the lost files? an experimental software program labels files with images that can be easily remembered.
2			game	country	human			how greece is perceived by the citizens of five major countries greece is a safe destination, a modern european country that organised technically excellent olympic games with a human dimension.
4			user			firefox surfers ignore ads users of the internet explorer click on ad banners four to five times as often as firefox surfers, adtech ag, a service provider for internet ads, has determined pdf .
4			expectation	ibm	technology	beat	computing			ibm beats wall street 's expectations ibm, a barometer of trends in the computing business, delivered a solid quarterly performance on monday that pointed to modest if uneven improvement in the corporate technology sector.
2			graphic	game			photo: famous squirrel, moose go wireless ifone will introduce ring tones, games and screen graphics based on rocky, the flying squirrel, and his sidekick, bullwinkle.
2			team	top	science			whiz kids earn $ 100,000 prize two nc school of science and mathematics seniors won $ 100,000 in scholarships monday after earning top team honors in a national science competition.
2			football	oklahoma	play	season	stadium	game			ku, ou to play in kc in 05 for more than a month it has been public knowledge that kansas was considering moving next season 's home football game against oklahoma to kansas city 's arrowhead stadium.
2			game	suspect	sport			chuck stops here australia 's elite cricketers can relax because the game 's suspect bowlers, including muttiah muralitharan, may be exposed rather than cleared by proposed new laws that have stunned the sport.
2			team	season			nascar lifts ban on liquor sponsorship nascar lifted a decades old ban on liquor ads on cars wednesday, opening the door for teams to be sponsored next season by distilled spirits.
1			talk			gators deny contact with spurrier the florida gators are set to renew their annual rivalry with georgia on saturday, but the talk around gainesville continues to revolve around one man.
3			fund	profit	trading			hedge funds ponder new ways to make money hedge funds, faced with falling profits and fading opportunities, are pondering fresh ways to make money, with one new strategy involving trading a company's debt against its equity, analysts said.
4			disruption	technology			innovation and disruption still going hand in hand the technology driven dislocation that has transformed one typesetter's business is spreading throughout the economy.
4			system	linux	source	version			group aims to smooth kinks out of linux four linux companies start a global effort to homogenize one version of the open source operating system.
4			technology			nokia demos ipv6 dual stack cdma handset, again nokia yesterday demonstrated the first wireless ipv6 call by using the companys dual stack cdma handset. the dual stack ipv6 technology was put to the test over a year ago in 2003 at the 3g world congress in bangkok.
2			team	champion	top	season			trojans open up no. 1 defending national champion usc begins the 2004 season right where it left off the year before as the top ranked team in the ap top 25 poll.
2			team	wizard	season			building blocks in place it would be foolish to get too excited about the wizards after years of disappointment but this team will bear watching this season.
2			team			washington bound expos find the money for castilla, guzman for a team without a budget, the expos made a big early splash in free agency. in their first major moves since announcing their relocation to washington, the expos on tuesday agreed to terms with third baseman
4			voip	technology	enterprise			bank of america begins deployment of cisco voip phones bank of america is deploying some 180,000 cisco internet protocol based telephones across its 5,800 branches and enterprise centers in a major deployment of voice over ip technology from cisco.
3			fund	share			oracle takeover approval seen oracle corp. on thursday won the backing of a key public pension fund in its $ 8.8 billion takeover bid for peoplesoft inc. and analysts said they expected a majority of shares to be tendered its way ahead of a friday deadline.
2			match	player	fan	england	game			ferdinand almost quit spain game rio ferdinand has said he was ready to come off the field after spanish fans hurled abuse at england 's black players in wednesday 's match.
3			profit	inventory	sale			intel pumps up third quarter profit santa clara, calif.driven by demand for flash memory chips used in cellphones, intel corp. 's third quarter profits rose as the chip making giant struggled to overcome lacklustre pc sales, growing inventory, product missteps and stiff competition.
4			system	mac			apple fixes panther glitches com december 16, 2004, 10:27 am pt. apple computer on wednesday released a minor update to its mac os x 10.3 panther operating system.
4			player	design			creative zen micro 5gb music player reg review some market watchers say that mobile phones will eventually supersede standalone mp3 players. creative 's latest device certainly anticipates such a move, in design if not functionality.
1			strength	sentiment	election			hong kong legislative election to test pro democracy sentiment hong kong voters go to the polls sunday to elect legislators with limited powers, in balloting that may test the strength of the city 's pro democracy movement.
2			tom	coach	game	team			n.y. starts manning giants coach tom coughlin looks to turn around a skid where his team has lost three of their last four games by starting eli manning this sunday against the falcons.
3			shareholder			mitsubishi shareholders approve move mitsubishi motors corp. shareholders approved a move wednesday that was needed to accept new cash into the scandal plagued japanese automaker after daimlerchrysler ag of germany decided to withdraw further support.
3			good	profit			daimlerchrysler posts $ 1.27 billion us profit after loss last year automaking giant daimlerchrysler ag said thursday it earned nearly $ 1.2 billion us in the third quarter on good performances from its financial services division and its us chrysler arm, rebounding from a big loss a year ago when it had a
2			basketball	championship			halifax keeps cis basketball championships halifax will remain as the host city for the men 's university basketball championships for the next three years.
4			technology			it takes time to judge the true impact of new technology about this time last year, i wrote a column following up on some pieces i d written earlier to see what if anything new had happened to those topics.
4			country	technology	development			philips to nearly double china r staff dutch electronics firm philips said on wednesday it plans to almost double its research and development staff in china to 1,300 over the next 2 years, underscoring the country 's growing clout as a technology center.
1			leader	politics	rebel	minister	iraqi			iraqi officials to meet with rebels to discuss political role the iraqi foreign minister said today that the interim iraqi government planned to meet soon in jordan with leaders of the insurgency to try to persuade them to take part in legitimate politics here.
2			drop	sport			just let it drop you know your sport 's federation has some problems when it makes figure skating look fair and impartial. the international federation of gymnastics fig , unable to recognize
2			final	game			you can do it too, s pore if greece, with 10m people, can pull off the games at the 11th hour, why not? the final weekend of the olympics is at hand, and the reckoning is nigh.
2			round	top	season	player	game			sony, nintendo go head to head with christmas games the holiday shopping season is set to be a shoot em up round in the video game industry, as its top players nintendo and sony go head to head by launching new and advanced hand held machines.
2			basketball	night	game			celtics outlast clippers evidently the celtics didn 't think five games were enough on this west coast journey, so they performed a basketball cover of southside johnny 's i don 't want to go home and stayed around for two extra periods last night.
1			talk	airway			us air pilots agree to new talks us airways and its pilots union said on saturday that they were willing to resume talks over a $ 295 million package of concessions, as time ran short for the company
1			politician	single			single mother remarks incense civil libertarians a controversial italian politician has created a furore by making remarks critical of single mothers. rocco buttiglione, who has been proposed as the european union 's new justice commissioner, has been quoted
2			basketball	coach	season			lou henson hopes to return to coaching lou henson is in a wheelchair and has no mobility in his right leg, but the new mexico state men's basketball coach is optimistic he'll be back on the sidelines this season.
4			protection	feature	alternative			mozilla launches firefox 1.0 alternative browser features protection against online scams.
4			scientist	development			morphine free poppy holds key to new pain killers australian scientists have discovered how a naturally morphine free poppy blocks production of the narcotic, in a finding that could lead to the development of more effective drugs.
3			jean	profit			levi strauss posts profit levi strauss co. swung to a quarterly profit on tuesday, citing cost cuts and a weaker dollar as the struggling jeans maker closed out poor performing products to
4			microsoft	longhorn	technology	version			controversial microsoft plan heads for longhorn company is still fiddling with its trusted pc security technology but says some version of it will be in new windows.
1			party			japan may allow women on throne japan 's ruling party is considering proposals to revise the constitution to let women take the throne, according to a draft seen by local media.
4			technique	software	scientist			software detects the true artist dartmouth college computer scientists create software that uses statistical techniques to authenticate art, to sort out real works from fakes. their first finding: a painting purportedly by perugino may have been done by four different artists. by noah shachtman.
4			microsoft	software			university offers free microsoft software to students students returning to washington state university this week found free microsoft software waiting for them...
4			system	cell			nokia makes inroads into land rover company's communication system integrates cell phone functions into land rover's central infotainment display.
2			team	file	dame	coach	game			report: notre dame contacts meyer utah head coach urban meyer hollers to his team during the first half of a game against utah state in this sept. 18, 2004 file photo in logan, utah.
4			pack	microsoft	management	technology	beta			microsoft shores up security effort rich kaplan of microsoft 's security business technology unit previewed the company 's windows rights management services service pack 1 beta at rsa conference europe 2004, and announced the
4			licensing	profit	earnings	system	software			update 1: siebel systems swings to 3q profit software maker siebel systems inc. on wednesday said its third quarter results swung to a profit on improved licensing revenue. the company reported earnings of $ 19.
3			trading			ubs to buy schwab units wsj ubs ag is expected to buy charles schwab corp.'s institutional research and trading unit for 265 million, the wall street journal said monday, citing unnamed people familiar with the matter.
3			good	share			lex: nextel sprint good call. if nextel can pull off a merger with sprint, it would crown its recovery from the dark days of 2002 when its shares dipped below 3 compared with 30 on thursday. it would also fill important gaps for both mobile operators.
2			concern	general	sport			gm, ford target suv rollovers general motors corp. and ford motor co., responding to growing concerns about the safety and stability of sport utility vehicles, said thursday
4			application	technology	enterprise			technologies, inc. a prsent aujourd hui le premier d une nouvelle gamme d assistants numriques pour les entreprises enterprise digital assistant eda conus pour les applications professionnelles fondamentales dans l environnement d entreprise.
1			pledge	election			house votes to protect pledge from courts in a vote with election year consequences, the house sought to assure that god's 50 year place in the pledge of allegiance will be safe from federal court challenges. the bill, approved on a 247 173 vote thursday, would prevent federal courts, including the supreme court, from ruling on whether the words under god should be stricken from the pledge...
4			war	email	symantec	technology			messagelabs taps brightmail in war on spam email filtering firm messagelabs yesterday announced a deal to incorporate symantec 's brightmail anti spam technology into its own anti spam service.
2			medal	team			us relayers want to keep sydney golds the us olympic committee doesn 't think the entire american team that won gold in the 4x100 metre relay at the 2000 sydney olympics should be stripped of their medals.
2			cup	soccer	victory	team			us soccer battling through qualifying winning at home and tying on the road is the proven formula for success in world cup qualifying, but the manner by which the us team has compiled two ties and a victory
2			game	golf			wie is older, but still just 15 if we re talking about 15 year old kids and game boy video games, well, then, it must be time for another on golf column. michelle wie is back in the news, fresh off her latest birthday last week, meaning
2			champion	showdown	sport			hopkins de la hoya showdown for all the marbles las vegas, nv sports network the middleweight megafight billed as the quest for history between undisputed champion bernard hopkins and the golden boy of boxing, oscar de la hoya, is just a day away.
3			inventory	profit	development			maxim joins inventory buildup chorus news research grew its first quarter profit but said an inventory buildup hurt new bookings, a development bound to weigh on revenue in the quarter now underway.
4			pharmaceutical	standard			update 1 chiron delays flu vaccine shipments chiron corp. is delaying shipment of its flu vaccine, fluvirin, because lots containing 4 million vaccines, do not meet product sterility standards, the pharmaceutical company said on thursday .
4			virus	software			news: anti virus outfit defends job for vxer czech company zoner software has explained why it employed a prominent former virus writer to develop anti virus software on its behalf.
2			war	tour	game			review: star wars game gives battle tour luke skywalker and darth vader may get all the glory, but a new star wars video game finally gives credit to the everyday grunts who couldn 't summon the force for help.
3			sale	retailer			walgreen: prescription for success the leading drugstore retailer is leveraging prescription sales to produce record results.
3			retailer			trendy retailers get dressed for work there's a new tier of retailers hawking officewear to young professionals.
2			basketball	top	season	coach	game	career			rick majerus named usc men 's basketball coach for 2005 06 season rick majerus, one of college 's top basketball coaches who has won more than 400 games and made 15 post season appearances in his 20 year career, was hired today dec. 15 as usc 's men 's basketball
4			relative	software	version			edward c. baig: personal tech family tree research can be addictive fun family tree research can be addictive fun. with my long lost relative's assistance, help from closer kin and the latest version of family tree maker software, i've been identifying the branches of a baig family tree.
1			crisis	talk	election			international mediators try to end ukraine crisis international mediators will step up efforts wednesday to resolve ukraine's 10 day old crisis over a disputed presidential election after the collapse of talks between pro western and pro russian factions.
4			ibm	software	sale	vendor	access			ibm simplifies partner program ibm on tuesday said it has simplified the process for software vendors to qualify and participate as a partner, which gives them access to ibm 's global sales network and to financial support for co marketing campaigns.
4			developer			aussies and reubens grab chelsfield shopping centres giant westfield has cut a deal with fellow australian developer multiplex and billionaires simon and david reuben to carve up property group chelsfield in a purchase worth 2.
2			team	prix			mild seven renault f1 team preview, italian grand prix the mild seven renault f1 team preview for the italian grand prix.
3			earnings			cio business briefing disney 's q4 earnings reach $ 516 million the walt disney company reported $ 516 million net income in the quarter ended september 30th, compared to $ 415 million in the year ago quarter.
2			game			illinois governor wants to ban violent video games yesterday illinois gov. rod blagojevich proposed a state law that would ban the selling and rental of violent and or sexually explicit video games to children under the age of 18.
1			politics	palestinian	race	opposition			'unknowns' stirring palestinian race some say mustafa barghouthi's campaign may lead to the creation of a viable secular opposition in palestinian politics.
1			election			key indian state to go to polls voters are due to cast their ballots on wednesday in key elections in the western indian state of maharashtra.
2			game			nintendo 's new portable ds a big change from game boy nintendo believes that when it comes to video games, your fingers want to touch as much as twitch and that two really is better than one.
2			basketball	coach	good	season			pac 10 men s basketball: timing of bibby firing irks olson just last month usc basketball coach henry bibby said he was enjoying his job more than ever and getting ready for what he hoped would be a good season.
2			football	party	win	player	coach	stadium			no going away party university of florida football players went to alltel stadium on saturday to win one for their coach. florida 's 31 24 loss to 10th ranked georgia featured everything the gators frustrated
2			medal	title	file	sport			gymnast goes to court the south korean gymnast who lost the all around title to paul hamm because of a scoring error files an appeal sunday with a sports arbitration panel asking it to help him get a gold medal.
1			gain	election			bloggers gain attention in 2004 election blogs for short and other political sites skyrocketed on election day, creating online audiences rivaling those of traditional media organizations.
4			speed	technique	amd	ibm	technology	use	silicon			ibm, amd develop new use of strained silicon ibm and amd have jointly developed a new method for implementing strained silicon technology on both positive and negative transistors, a technique they said could improve transistor speeds by as much as 24.
2			medal	team			cycling team challenges hamilton 's blood testing tyler hamilton 's cycling team is challenging the method of a drug test that nearly cost him his olympic gold medal and could result in a two year ban for the us rider.
4			system	software	application	human			sap lands $ 35 million post office deal sap has won a $ 35 million contract to install its human resources software for the us postal service. the netweaver based system will replace the post office 's current 25 year old legacy application
1			talk			sprint, nextel in merger talks: reports us mobile telephone groups sprint and nextel are engaged in merger talks which could create the third biggest us mobile operator worth some 30 billion dollars, according to reports.
4			tool	software	management	vendor	code	application			logiclibrary buys bugscan software asset management tools vendor logiclibrary on wednesday plans to announce its acquisition of bugscan, which provides security analysis capabilities to identify code vulnerabilities before application deployment.
3			user	trading			uk apple 's itunes complaints article central the uk 's consumers association has referred apple 's itunes to the office of fair trading, claiming the song shop is overcharging its uk users.
3			management			romney calls for turnpike chairman to resign in wake of big dig gov. mitt romney called on massachusetts turnpike authority chairman matthew amorello to resign on friday, citing ongoing management troubles
4			system	computing	microsystems			sun launches solaris 10 at its network computing 04q4 launch today, sun microsystems, inc. launched the much anticipated solaris 10 operating system os , addressing the enormous waste of resources forced upon customers
2			player	franchise	team	president			move produces mixed emotions it was 3:45 pm et on wednesday afternoon when expos president tony tavares held a team meeting to inform the players that the expos franchise would be relocated to washington, dc, starting in 2005.
4			vendor			e voting vendor is a bully a judgh has ruled that a manufacturer of electronic voting equipment knowingly misrepresented its claims when it sent threatening letters to the isps of students who had posted the company 's internal documents online.
4			system	microsoft	patch			microsoft cans windows 2000 sp5 it plans instead to produce an update rollup in the middle of next year as its last security patch for the operating system.
2			player	football			army's allure has brought ross back to sideline retirement hasn't changed bobby ross much. he's waiting for the same pregame goose bumps he always felt in his years of coaching college and pro football. he's reverted to his old coaching habits and is relishing the time spent with his new players, starting at 5:45 a.m. and often putting in 16 or 17 hour days.
4			software	patch	database			oracle releases delayed security patches oracle corp. released security patches this week that plug several vulnerabilities reported last month in its database software and other products.
4			drink	software			review: recovery programs rescue damaged discs you know it's bound to happen: one of the cds you've burned is going to stop working be it from scratches, aging, poor manufacturing or the fact that it was made with old software. but don't turn that disc into a drink coaster quite yet...
4			processor	hardware	microsoft	license	software	core			microsoft clears one license for many cores microsoft software that is currently licensed on a per processor model will continue to be licensed per processor, not per core, for hardware that contains dual core and multi core processors.
2			football			nebraska tries to forget 70 10 flogging one day after the most lopsided loss in the 115 years of nebraska football, the coaching staff told the cornhuskers to forget about it.
2			hall	game	season			purdue suffers first loss of season to wisconsin, 20 17 everybody on the sideline was saying,dont get complacent, the game is not over, sophomore linebacker george hall said.
2			coach	offensive	team	football			marshall coach apologizes for remark marshall coach bob pruett will not be reprimanded for calling the ohio state football team a bunch of mandingos, a comment some thought could be offensive to blacks.
4			speed			sprint speeds up wireless network sprint quote, chart has awarded wireless equipment contracts totaling $ 3 billion to lucent quote, chart , motorola quote, chart and nortel quote, chart to better compete in a sector reshaped by acquisitions and spectrum swaps.
4			system			poll: voters want paper trail almost three quarters of likely voters think electronic voting systems should produce a paper record the voter can verify, according to a new poll. but that's not likely to happen for many of them in november. by laila weir.
4			hardware	mouse	microsoft	technology			microsoft introduces fingerprint recognition microsoft on wednesday unveiled nine new mice and keyboards, including the company 's first hardware products with fingerprint recognition technology.
4			cell	technology			nfc device payment technology gets boost the idea of paying for things by swiping a cell phone near a payment terminal received another boost tuesday with the announcement that philips, nokia and a german train company will launch trials of the technology early next year.
1			politics	election			scandal, insults and a bit of politics on hk campaign trail hong kong : it 's 6.00 pm and election candidate choy so yuk wipes sweat from her brow as her voice drifts from the speakers in hong kong 's seedy wan chai district.
4			cell	generation			fcc frees up spectrum for 3g com september 9, 2004, 4:46 pm pt. federal telephone regulators on thursday set aside more spectrum for third generation cell phone calls and other advanced wireless services, in a move
4			system	high			cisco, fujitsu target japanese market cisco quote, chart and fujitsu will collaborate on high end routers and other products for japanese carriers and corporations moving to internet protocol define systems, the companies announced.
4			energy	stock	technology	development			mixed signals sustain rally stocks edged up for the week, continuing a month long rally in the face of mediocre economic news and more positive developments from technology firms and energy markets.
2			shot	medal	run	team	game			us softball team snares gold the losing team made the news monday in olympic softball 's gold medal game. it scored a run. with crystl bustos hitting two shots that would have dented the outfield fence had
1			war	crime	election			vatican handbook questions preventive war a vatican handbook made public monday questioned preventive war and denounced the horrendous crime of abortion, but vatican officials denied they were trying to influence the u.s. presidential election campaign.
3			retailer			apparel makers, retailers question textile quota focus conspicuous by their silence, us retailers and apparel makers are waiting on the sidelines while domestic textile companies take what may be their last stabs at preserving limits on imports of garments made in china.
4			system	nation	upgrade	microsoft			windows upgrade causing campus headaches microsoft corp.'s decision to release a major upgrade for its flagship operating system in the same month that hundreds of thousands of students are reporting to college campuses across the nation is causing a major headache for the higher education community.
4			software	microsoft			california sues microsoft for antitrust...again five california counties and two cities sue the software giant under state antitrust laws, for taking advantage of government buyers.
2			title			more details: batman begins we ve uncovered some additional info on the upcoming electronic arts title. looks like this won 't be another catwoman.
2			team			vizquel hoping he 's not done with indians omar vizquel 's days with the cleveland indians could be dwindling. and although free agency beckons for the gold glove shortstop, he can 't imagine playing for any other team.
2			sport			nbc's five ring circus if roone arledge invented the modern tv olympics, dick ebersol has imploded it. everyone wants to watch the olympics, but they're just too unwatchable too much, too fragmented, too staged, too jingoistic, too hyped, too commercialized, too long, too em everything . the olympics no longer feel olympian. they feel like a sweeps week sports reality show.
2			salary	nhl	player	sport	mike			ribeiro: newspaper report was wrong mike ribeiro says he does not support a salary cap for nhl players. the montreal canadiens centre told the all sports television station rds on thursday that a report this week that said he
3			sale			former ca chief sanjay kumar indicted on fraud charges computer associates international inc. ceo sanjay kumar and ca's former head of worldwide sales, stephen richards, have been indicted on charges of securities fraud conspiracy and obstruction of justice, federal prosecutors announced this afternoon.
1			leader			u.s. applauds dalai lama group in china the state department welcomed on tuesday the arrival in china of a delegation representing the dalai lama, the exiled tibetan spiritual leader.
3			shareholder			roy disney says eisner should be ousted now roy disney, heading a dissident shareholder group at the walt disney co., urged board members to accelerate the departure of chief executive michael eisner, who plans to resign in september 2006.
2			beat	medal	korea	sport			hamm keeps medal american gymnast paul hamm has survived an appeal against his olympic gold medal by the man he beat into bronze in athens. south korea 's yang tae young had appealed to the court of arbitration for sport after
2			football			rooney agent trial: three cleared three men have been cleared of blackmailing football agent paul stretford after it emerged he had misled the court. john hyland, christopher bacon and anthony bacon were on trial at warrington crown court
4			user			holes found in windows xp update barely hours after home users started securing their pcs with a key update for windows xp, security experts have found ways around it.
2			champion	race	round	championship			racing: norway 's solberg takes overnight lead in rally of italy olbia, italy : norway 's reigning world champion petter solberg, driving a subaru impreza, took the overnight lead in the rally of italy, the 13th round of the 16 race world championship, here in sardinia.
4			user	patent	microsoft	software			microsoft expands software indemnification program microsoft corp. msft.o: quote, profile, research is expanding its indemnification program for windows and other software products in order to shield users from legal claims and patent
3			investor			overseas investors may purchase $ 15 billion of china 's bad debt international investors may buy as much as $ 15 billion in bad loans in china in the next three years, said pricewaterhousecoopers llp, the world 's third biggest accounting firm.
1			leader	election	war	president	afghan			vote counting begins in afghan election vote counting started thursday in afghanistan's landmark election, widely expected to install u.s. backed interim leader hamid karzai as the war ravaged country's first popularly chosen president.
4			ibm	infrastructure			ibm inks $ 972m voice, data deal with lloyds ibm said monday that it won a 500 million $ 972 million , seven year services contract to help move u.k. bank lloyds tbs from its traditional voice infrastructure to a converged voice and data network.
3			profit	earnings			reynolds american reports first earnings since merger with b w tobacco company reynolds american inc., reporting earnings for the first time since the combination of rj reynolds and the us operations of brown williamson tobacco, posted a third quarter profit of $ 339 million monday.
3			buying	retailer			amazon moves into china us internet giant is buying china's largest web retailer , in a deal worth $ 75m 41m .
3			enterprise			cryptic responds! as reported by the associated press, marvel enterprises inc. and marvel characters, inc. have sued ncsoft corporation and cryptic studios.
4			pitch	microsoft	technology			is google ogling a browser? if the rumors some now reaching fever pitch are to be trusted, google is cooking up a whole slew of products and technologies that could unseat microsoft.
3			investor	profit	earnings	stock	worry	technology			stocks end slightly higher as profit worries ease investors discounted another technology profit warning and focused instead on positive outlooks for third and fourth quarter earnings.
4			system			nokia touts new smart phone the phone, due out in october, comes with a built in megapixel camera. also on tap: a wireless home monitoring system.
4			use	kazaa	technology	version			kazaa 's latest version enables free internet voice calls the pathway to greater success may not be through the computers of song swappers, though undoubtedly they will use the technology.
1			leadership	peace	tension	talk	president	relation			taiwan urges china to begin peace talks president chen shui bian of taiwan, in a conciliatory gesture aimed at china's newly consolidated leadership, proposed a fresh start sunday on long suspended talks to improve relations and lower tension across the taiwan strait.
3			enterprise			trusecure, betrusted announce merger enterprise it security consultants trusecure and betrusted have merged to form a standalone managed services firm called cybertrust.
4			integration			avaya adds video calling to ip softphone avaya announced on monday that the integration between its ip softphone and polycom 's viavideo ii camera, first announced last december, is now at a releasable stage.
4			software	database	version			new mysql ready to serve mysql ab has made version 4.1 of its database software available to the public after months of testing customer production deployments.
4			desktop	software	microsoft			copernic desktop search takes aim at microsoft the privately held company today released free desktop search software in a move some see as a test of the product's market viability in what is becoming a crowded field.
1			growth	parliament	election			australian govt says pre election economic forecasts too optimistic treasurer peter costello has been accused of preparing to break big spending election promises by playing down official predictions of strong economic growth as the government moved towards outright control of both houses of parliament.
4			longhorn	microsoft	system	file	technology	version			ms pulls winfs from longhorn microsoft is dropping the winfs file system technology from longhorn, the next version of windows, in a bid to introduce the operating system by 2006.
1			reform			firms push to ease tough federal scrutiny two and a half years after congress passed the most sweeping corporate reforms since the great depression, trade groups are maneuvering to revise them, arguing that they are too expensive, too time consuming and too much trouble for small businesses.
2			play	user	game			a snap response cellphone users accustomed to using their phones to play computer games, listen to music, and take pictures now have something new to do with their wireless telephones: respond to magazine and outdoor advertisements.
2			champion	race	club			jockey club clears fallon kieren fallon, the former champion flat jockey, will not face disrepute charges relating to race fixing allegations made against him in a sunday newspaper, the jockey club said on tuesday.
4			java	server	vendor	core	application	source	version			jboss delivers aspect orientation with version 4.0 open source application servers vendor jboss inc will today release version 4.0 of its core jboss as product, which is claimed to be the first open source application server to support aop aspect oriented programming for java.
1			minister	finance			germany boosts borrowing to new record the german government will take on an extra 14 billion euros 17.23 billion in debt this year because the country's economic upturn so far has failed to boost tax revenue, taking new borrowing to a record level, the finance minister said wednesday.
4			system	energy			calif. plan aims to add solar energy to homes california should try to add solar energy systems to 1 million homes by 2017 to save electricity and cut pollution from power plants, gov.
4			point	game	hardware	generation			ds points the way for the next generation of handheld games nintendo, the reigning champ of portable gaming, has released its latest hardware: the nintendo ds. the ds has gotten a head start on its upcoming competition that would be sony 's
4			turkey	sale	technology			7 11 adopting wireless technology sherry neal checked the refrigerated shelves of her 7 eleven store, touched the screen of a small handheld computer and got an instant four week sales history on turkey sandwiches. with a couple taps on the wireless device, the store manager placed an order for the next day's sandwiches without ever leaving the aisle...
4			system	microsoft	version			microsoft judge skeptical a european judge today cast a skeptical eye on whether microsoft corp. should be forced to create two versions of its windows operating system, one with its program for playing digital music and videos and one without.
3			growth	profit	earnings	outlook			eads posts robust 3q profit growth; ups full year outlook london, november 4 european aerospace giant, eads , has raised its full year earnings outlook for 2004, after the company 's third quarter profits more than tripled this year.
3			chain	retailer			coles $ 1.3b bid raises alh stakes australian retailer coles myer intensified the battle for the alh pubs and liquor chain yesterday, topping an offer by woolworths with aa $ 1.
3			sale			wrigley swallows $ 1.5bn life savers kraft, the struggling american food group, yesterday announced the $ 1.5bn 810m sale of its life savers and altoids confectionery division to the chewing gum business wm wrigley jr.
4			upgrade			peoplesoft woos through its woes don't say the o word at peoplesoft's conference, where the company tries to entice customers to stick around and upgrade.
1			election			observers foresee snags in u.s. election problems loom for the presidential election including voting equipment changes that could delay the outcome past nov. 2, a group of international observers said tuesday in a report.
2			medal	final	game			henry, phelps on record track to gold australia's jodie henry armed herself with a world record while michael phelps targeted his fourth olympic gold medal backed by a games record in qualifying for thursday's finals.
4			upgrade	software	feature	ship	adobe			adobe ships upgrade of photoshop for non professionals adobe releases an upgrade of its consumer focused photo editing software, which has been enhanced with new features for improving photo quality.
4			platform	microsoft	software			microsoft takes lead in pda shipments san jose, calif. microsoft corp.'s software platform for personal digital assistants took over the market lead from palmsource inc. for the first time in the third quarter, according to market research released friday.
2			referee	team	redskin	game	joe			adjusting on the fly joe gibbs and the redskins are the only team to have a referee on staff to, among other things, help review replay challenges during games.
4			animal	reserve	researcher	technology			giant pandas in china reserve get wi fi giant pandas may well prefer bamboo to laptops, but wireless technology is helping researchers in china in their efforts to protect the engandered animals living in the remote wolong nature reserve.
2			basketball	league	team			aba not catching on an attempt to bring back the american basketball association hasn't succeeded, as the league loses teams and changes cities weekly.
3			shareholder			grace responds to letter about investigation wr grace co., a columbia based supplier of silica products, alerted shareholders friday it received a letter saying it is the subject of a federal grand jury investigation.
2			night	classic	redskin	season	coach	game			va. tech gets big chance with no. 1 usc three straight late season stumbles have taken the luster off virginia tech. now the hokies are looking to get it back, and there's no better way to do that than to knock off no. 1 southern california. the hokies and trojans open the season saturday night in the black coaches association classic at fedex field, home of the washington redskins. the game begins at 7:45 p.m.
1			president			athens olympics 2004 ioc boss rogge hails awakening of asia ioc president jacques rogge hailed the awakening of asia at the athens olympics as the global event headed toward its finale.
4			club	country	technology			mullah: iran bids to join nuclear tech club mullah rafsanjani said here friday that tehran expects it would become a member of the club of countries possessing nuclear technology.
4			system	management	vendor			cisco to acquire network management vendor cisco systems on wednesday said it plans to acquire jahi networks, a privately held network management appliance vendor, in a $ 16 million deal.
2			play	score			play resumes in first test south africa resumed at their overnight score of 459 for seven after heavy fog held up play in the first session on the third day of the first test against india here on monday.
3			chain			woolworths ups bid for alh, coles buys time sydney: australian supermarket giant woolworths raised its bid for pubs chain alh to a $ 1.2bn $ 898m on monday, but rival coles myer played for time by winning a deadline extension.
4			microsoft	vendor	sender	software	mail	technology	standard	gain			sender id gains traction leading isps, anti spam vendors, and e mail software companies are moving quickly to add support for the microsoft backed anti spam technology standard sender id, even as some e mail experts raise doubts that the technology will work.
3			profit	earnings			carnival profit up sharply after merger carnival corp. ccl.n: quote, profile, research , the world 's biggest cruise group, on friday said quarterly earnings rose sharply, citing the merger with p o princess cruises last year.
1			war			toshiba rejects sony truce in hd dvd blu ray war uk daily, the guardian, is reporting that sony executives have approached toshiba in the last few weeks in an attempt to stave off the brewing next gen format war.
4			cell	technology	generation			ftc lets 3g be the us ftc has set aside more spectrum for third generation cell phone calls and wireless. an additional 20 megahertz previously used by unlicensed personal communications services and mobile satellite services has been handed over to the new technology.
1			leader	party	president			mugabe urges party unity amid succession struggle zimbabwe president robert mugabe called for unity on thursday amid rare public jostling within his ruling zanu pf party over who will eventually succeed the controversial 80 year old leader.
3			sale	profit	retailer	fall			abercrombie fitch posts fall in profit youth oriented retailer abercrombie fitch co. anf.n: quote, profile, research on tuesday posted an unexpected fall in quarterly profit as it struggles to boost sales, and said it remained cautious for the rest of the year.
4			desktop	tool			yahoo moving on desktop search; semel says he will stay yahoo is ready to engage in combat with rival google by offering a new desktop search tool to help people find information on their computer hard drives.
4			design	spike	qualcomm	technology			qualcomm buys spike to help meet demand for 3g cdma devices, qualcomm has snapped up spike technologies, a chip design company. qualcomm will pay $ 19 million in cash for the entity and its affiliated companies.
1			war	president			rogge wages war on drugs cheats ioc president jacques rogge has vowed that a record number of doping tests will be carried out at the beijing olympics in an effort to fight the war he admits will never be won.
3			investor			pearson sells out of spanish business for 743m pearson said on tuesday it had agreed to sell its controlling stake in spanish media group recoletos for 743m to a consortium of spanish investors.
4			silicon	speed			intel looks to mediation to speed discrimination suits intel has become the first silicon valley company to form a mediation partnership with the us equal employment opportunity commission, an arrangement designed to speed the resolution of discrimination disputes.
3			retailer			equity firm to take over shoe retailer the stiletto heel shoe specialist jimmy choo changed hands on friday, when the private equity company hicks, muse, tate furst purchased a controlling stake in the company, valuing it at 101 million $ 188 million .
2			producer	game			where the game is the medium the co founder of game producer wildtangent inc. is a booming bear of a man who clobbers you with one grand pronouncement after another.
1			leadership			waiting for a counterblow woolworths has probably won the first phase of the battle for australian leisure hospitality group. whether that translates into clear leadership of the australian liquor retailing
4			technology			intel shows wireless transceiver prototype 90 nanometer radio chip promises more power than current cmos technology.
4			user	file	software	sale			software tackles digital photo proliferation now that digital cameras have overtaken film cameras in sales, users are beginning to encounter a familiar problem what to do with the bulging image files and folders filling up computer hard drives?
4			use	user			are cellphones meant to fly? airline travel has always been a welcome refuge from the incessant chatter of cellphone users, so it is sobering to hear that regulators are thinking of allowing the use of cellphones up in the friendly skies.
1			leader	opposition			probe into yushchenko poisoning reopens ukrainian prosecutors reopened their investigation into allegations viktor yushchenko was poisoned after doctors treating the opposition leader confirmed he had been slipped the toxic chemical dioxin, as yushchenko returned home sunday to campaign for this month's presidential runoff vote.
4			cell			senate's cellular stand it's been four months to the day since i last wrote on the subject of the cell phone industry's plan to publish your unlisted cell phone number for all the world to see and charge you for the privilege. fortunately, the u.s. senate has not been sitting on its hands all this while. yesterday, the u.s. senate commerce committee approved a bill on the proposed e411 cell phone directory, sending it on to the full senate for a floor vote.
1			politics	walk	country	afghan			afghan woman takes on presidential politics shell have to move a mountain of cultural, religious and sexual prejudice to achieve this in a country where, only a few years ago, women could not work or walk the streets on their own, and
1			election			report shows economy advancing in the last major economic report before tuesday 's presidential election, the government reported friday that the economy looked solid in the third quarter just not as strong as most analysts had expected.
2			game			inconclusive start sets up potential sunday skins bonanza the first nine holes of the merrill lynch skins game decided, well, almost nothing saturday. on a day that saw the fewest skins won in the 22 year history of the event
4			software	management	content			xerox adds hsbc and boeing to its portfolio xerox has won several new document services deals and updated its content management and workflow software. hsbc has selected xerox to provide document services in its brazil and uk offices that will include
1			talk			wto negotiators finish week of farm talks negotiators at the world trade organization completed weeklong farm talks friday, part of discussions on ways to reach a wider ranging liberalization accord by the end of 2005.
4			election	technology			keeping a close eye on the election the coming presidential election is sure to be about as close as they come, and technology is at the heart of much of the surrounding discussion.
4			microsoft	spyware	technology			microsoft moves on spyware to stymie firefox microsoft bought anti spyware technology to protect its internet explorer browser from surging rivals like mozilla's firefox
3			retailer			starbucks envisions more stores think there are too many starbucks in the world? the coffee retailer apparently doesn 't think there are enough. starbucks yesterday expanded its estimate of outlets that it eventually plans to open worldwide to 30,000, up from 25,000.
4			vendor	software	suite			web services software vendors offer soa package web services software vendors amberpoint and systinet are now selling an integrated suite of software for service oriented architectures, featuring products from both companies.
4			buying	ibm	sale	technology			pc sector sale by ibm would signal change among corporate technology managers, it's one of the oldest adages: nobody ever got fired for buying ibm.
4			user			askjeeves's butler trying to do it better latest tweak at the search site is a service that enables users to save site preferences when the search engine does its work.
2			medal	race	award	game	sport			runner appeals for gold brazilian marathon runner vanderlei de lima asked sport 's highest review panel to award him an olympic gold medal after he was attacked by a spectator while leading the race at the athens games.
4			system	text	access			nokia adds rfid to latest handsets nokia 's rfid system offers consumers access to browsing and text message services by touching tags that contain service shortcuts.
3			team	management	sale			boeing changes management in key division boeing co. changed management of its commercial aircraft division yesterday, replacing the head of the sales team after losing several competitions to its european rival airbus sas.
4			software			computer associates posts wider loss computer associates international ltd. , a business software maker, on wednesday posted a wider quarterly net loss, including charges for job cuts and a $ 225 million payment to settle a long running accounting probe.
4			ibm	software			ibm exec may become computer associates ceo troubled business software company computer associates international inc. has selected longtime ibm executive john swainson as its new chief executive, the wall street journal reported monday.
1			politics			keeping politics out of the fed the fed's decision today was widely anticipated, and i hope the economic effects of the tightening of monetary policy are fully examined before moving much further in this direction.
3			growth			google warns a slowing of growth is inevitable google warned thursday that increased competition and the maturing of the company would result in an inevitable slowing of its growth.
4			measure	processor			via to throw hat in 64 bit x86 chip ring taiwanese firm makes mulitmedia performance a key measure of its upcoming processor.
4			tool	source			faganfinder search engine launches urlinfo faganfinder search engine launches urlinfo another great tool from michael fagan via his already very useful fagan finder search page. michael pinged us today to inform us about his new urlinfo resource that makes finding info about a specific web page site from a variety of sources just a click or two ...
3			chain	sale	rise			chain store sales rise in the oct 9 week u.s. chain store sales fell in the first week of october as increased customer traffic in malls failed to translate into bigger purchases, a report said on tuesday.
4			development	content	generation			napster claims first with downloads for mobiles napster has claimed a first with the development of a subscription portable music service that delivers legal audio content to next generation mobile phones.
1			leadership			canada 's environmental record bad official report the canadian government is not doing enough to protect the environment because of a lack of leadership and political will, a senior official said in a scathing report released on tuesday.
4			percent	profit	strength	system	networking	technology			cisco first quarter profits up 29 percent cisco systems inc.'s fiscal first quarter profits jumped 29 percent as the network equipment giant reported continued strength in its traditional markets as well as emerging technologies such as internet telephones, wireless and home networking gear.
4			desktop	upgrade	management	feature			apple remote desktop 2 'well worth the money' computerworld columnist yuval kossovksy takes apple remote desktop 2 out for a spin and finds that its new management features make it an upgrade well worth considering.
2			minnesota	sport			vikings add depth in secondary; ink shaw and brown eden prairie, mn sports network the minnesota vikings added some much needed depth to its secondary on tuesday by signing veterans terrance shaw and ralph brown.
4			microsoft	beta	technology	version			still awaiting microsoft 's search entry microsoft is expected to launch a beta version of its web search technology on thursday, with ambitions to catch up to rivals google and yahoo.
4			high	computing			hp hands over itanium to intel news research plans for high end computing reached a sad milestone tuesday, with hewlett packard hpq:nyse news research saying it would end the partnership that developed the less than successful itanium chip.
4			software			gurunet spins off a reference driven search engine a reference driven search engine gurunet corporation today announced the release of , a site and software combination providing instant reference answers rather than lists of search engine links. gurunet corporation, through its site, plans to generate revenues from ads placed alongside its topic entries, rather than ...
2			coach	cup	team			haan bows out as china suffer world cup heartbreak disconsolate china coach arie haan stepped down after his team suffered an embarrassing early exit from world cup qualifying despite thrashing hong kong 7 0.
4			cell	researcher	technology	institute			mit grows beating heart tissue researchers at the massachusetts institute of technology reported yesterday that by using cells harvested from rats, they have grown dime size swatches of
1			leader	election	president	opposition			ukraine opposition renews street protests over poll thousands of demonstrators pressing to install ukraine's opposition leader as president after a disputed election launched fresh street rallies in the capital for the third day wednesday.
4			technique	use	researcher	team			researchers get grant for vaccine study a research team has been awarded a 3.5 million federal grant to use a molecular detective technique to study and potentially improve the military's anthrax vaccine.
4			design	flaw			study suggests design flaws didn't doom towers federal investigators have largely ruled out a design flaw as a central factor in the collapse of the world trade center towers.
4			system			inventor develops nose steered web surfing system has the era of hands free web surfing arrived?
2			football	rout	top	team	sport			usc remains no. 1; lsu tumbles out of top 10 new york, ny sports network southern california remained a strong no. 1 in the latest associated press college football poll after a 42 10 rout of byu on saturday, but the team that shared the national
3			earnings	clothing	trading	sale	retailer	gain			limited quarterly earnings climb clothing retailer limited brands inc. on thursday posted sharply higher quarterly earnings on gains from the sale of its stake in galyans trading co. and strong customer response to sales events early in the quarter.
4			grid	sharing	software	researcher	computing	project			grid researchers go commerical the researchers who spawned the idea of grid computing will launch a company on monday to commercialise what so far has been a very academic software project for sharing computing resources.
4			software			eu's monti seeks oracle peoplesoft decision by end october outgoing eu competition commissioner mario monti wants to reach a decision on oracle's proposed takeover of business software rival peoplesoft by the end of next month, an official said.
3			clothing	sale			marks and spencer grabs new clothing outfit marks and spencer on tuesday announced it had acquired the per una clothing brand for 125 million r1.44 billion , in a deal the group hopes will help to lift falling sales.
4			user	feature	retailer	august	technology			google feature offers pages of books online internet search giant google, quiet since going public in august, introduced a feature wednesday that lets users search through pages of books online. google is taking aim at online retailer , which offers similar technology on its e commerce site.
2			game			virgin keen to invest in airlines, telecom when someone as colourful as the chairman of the virgin group, sir richard branson, comes visiting there is bound to be some fun and games.
1			leader	goal	debate			groups debate slower strategy on gay rights gay rights leaders are debating if they should moderate their goals after 11 states approved constitutional amendments prohibiting same sex marriages.
4			patent	tim	attack	software	technology			web founder attacks royality obession one of the founders of the web warned that the interweb was in danger of being stunted by patent hungry software companies. tim berners lee called on companies to resist the temptation to lock up key technologies by demanding royalty payments.
4			silicon	feature	generation			intel to throttle power by enhancing silicon intel will try to further cut power consumption in its next generation of chips by using improved strained silicon, along with transistors that block power to other circuits, and other added features.
4			software	microsoft			eu judge in microsoft appeal calls meeting the judge deciding whether to suspend the european union's antitrust order against software giant microsoft corp. has called a meeting for this week after two key backers of the eu's decision pulled out of the case, officials said tuesday.
1			winner	election	minister	prime	president			exit poll shows liberal winner in ukraine election ukrainians voted for a new president on sunday and an exit poll issued after polls closed said a west leaning liberal had beaten the ex soviet state's russian backed prime minister.
4			measure	talk	software			peoplesoft open to deal, official says the peoplesoft director who has been leading the defense of the software company's anti takeover measures said tuesday the company's board is willing to talk about a deal with rival oracle.
4			tool	vendor			columnists: the panacea of information security step away from all the vendor hype. the one device that will always be the best tool for information security is a competent security professional.
4			user	networking	version			lycos unfurls circles social networking site lycos inc. on wednesday will release a test version of a social networking web site that, unlike many competing ones, is more focused on letting users communicate with people they already know than on letting users get to know strangers.
3			strength	profit	earnings			profits up for farm equipment maker deere deere co. , one of the world's largest farm equipment makers, on tuesday said quarterly earnings jumped sharply, driven in part by strength in its agricultural and construction equipment businesses.
1			democrat	election			republicans, democrats swap louisiana house seats the 2004 u.s. elections ended on saturday with republicans and democrats swapping one u.s. house of representatives seat each in runoff elections in louisiana.
4			point	system	technology	software	vendor	scale	application			small vendors issue security challenge to large competitors four vendors of application security products have created an alliance to challenge the ability of large scale vendors such as check point software technologies, cisco systems, juniper networks
4			increase	upgrade	software	enterprise			peoplesoft rolls out upgrade incentive program peoplesoft wants its customers to get aggressive with software upgrades to increase efficiency and cost benefits. in the context of current corporate maneuvering in the enterprise software world, the word takes on some extra flavor.
1			minister			australian govt predicts positive conclusion to fta with china australian trade minister mark vaile has predicated a successful outcome to free trade agreement fta negotiations with china. we can 't afford not to enhan ce our relationship
1			party	resignation	finance	minister			french agriculture minister to take finance portfolio from sarkozy france's agriculture minister, herv gaymard, will replace nicolas sarkozy as finance and economy minister following the latter's resignation to take up the helm of the governing ump party, officials said.
2			team	hockey	strength	coach	cup			new department for bruins strength coach for months, he's been a man without a team. bruins strength and conditioning coach john whitesides filled up some of the time helping defenseman hal gill rehabilitate from a broken foot suffered during the world cup of hockey. now that gill is healthy, whitesides is working with the wilmington fire department.
4			software			software sector finally enters a merger phase there could be no more striking evidence of the trend toward consolidation in the computer software industry than the news of the last few days.
2			medal	final	game	win			now silver mcfarlane wins third medal for ja the dominican republic 's felix sanchez hugs jamaica 's danny mcfarlane right after the men 's 400 metres hurdles final at the athens 2004 olympic games yesterday.
4			human	technology			hhs spends $ 228m on it programs a preliminary accounting of efforts by the department of health and human services shows that the agency has about 19 major health information technology initiatives, totaling about $ 228 million.
2			game			seven die in greek bus crash at least seven school children die when their bus crashed as they were travelling to the paralympics games in athens.
3			good	export			eu lifts us sanctions, contests taxes the eu called off its sanctions on $ 4 billion worth of us goods on monday after washington repealed illegal export tax subsidies, bringing some balm to transatlantic ties wounded by a battle over airbus and boeing.
1			election			strong turnout marked in hk election hong kong voters made a strong turnout sunday in a hard fought legislative election being closely watched by beijing. as of 5:30 pm, turnout was 35.
4			user	software	virus	cell			handset makers raising virus defenses software security companies and handset makers, including finland's nokia , are gearing up to launch products intended to secure cell phones from variants of the internet viruses that have become a scourge for personal computer users.
4			investor	weakness	forecast	technology			intel sets off new jitters the tech sector continues to sit on unstable ground, with intel corp. lowering its forecast due to lagging consumer demand for technology products and fueling investor buzz of weakness in the sector.
4			processor	microsoft	single	developer	server	application	version			vmware previews virtual server hoping to keep the heat on archrival microsoft, vmware on wednesday will give developers a glimpse of an early version of its virtual smp product that allows a single virtual machine to work with as many as four processors, which in turn can more effectively drive mission critical applications.
3			good			drm is doubleplus good for business, congress advised the budget office and the case of the disappearing public interest
1			agenda			antitrust lawyer takes helm at ftc as deborah p. majoras takes over the federal trade commission on monday, she's expected to build on the broad agenda set by her predecessor, timothy j. muris.
4			user	low	amd	technology	access			amd introduces low cost net access device in india u.s. chip maker advanced micro devices inc. has introduced a low cost internet access device that could cost just a few hundred dollars, aimed at first time technology users in the developing world.
1			election			florida hopes to get it right in primary ballot florida, which held up the results of the 2000 presidential election by more than a month, holds a primary this week that many regard as a test of the state's readiness to avoid another fiasco in november.
4			system	microsoft			microsoft distributes xp security update microsoft corp. says it has distributed about 106 million copies of its major security update for the windows xp operating system.
4			enterprise	system	software	management	use	madrid			hp updates openview to meet business needs hewlett packard will use this week 's software universe conference in madrid to announce a revamp of its openview enterprise systems management software.
2			football	team	season	coach	source			mississippi fires football coach cutcliffe oxford, miss. dec 1, 2004 mississippi coach david cutcliffe was fired wednesday after the team 's worst season in 10 years, a source close to the program told the associated press.
1			politician	opposition			sri lankan opposition mp jailed a leading sri lankan opposition politician is given a prison sentence for defaming the supreme court.
2			football	play	second	player	coach			gulls settling in to varsity roost joining the ranks of collegiate varsity football last year was like starting from scratch for endicott college coach j.b. wells and his staff. with so many talented yet inexperienced players forced to play key roles for the second year program, which had just moved up from the subvarsity level, wells and his staff were forced to do a lot of teaching.
4			networking	top	technology			internet overlay could boost performance the internet could be made more secure, reliable and powerful by overlaying new networking technology on top of the existing backbone, according to the world 's leading microchip maker, intel.
4			user	project			internet users want a voice in its latest study of americans online habits, the pew internet american life project found that a substantial chunk of internet users want to voice their opinions online.
2			leader	team	airway			union leaders urge one more try leaders of the pilots union at us airways said on friday that they had directed their negotiating team to resume talking with the company over $ 295 million in labor concessions.
4			talk	software	networking	technology	developer			cisco cements walkie talkie deal the san jose, calif., networking giant said monday that it will pay $ 55 million in cash for closely held dynamicsoft, a communications software developer based in parsippany, nj the company specializes in push to talk technology.
3			stock			should you dig this irish jig? o'charley's stock has been out of favor, but there may still be a pot of gold at the end of this rainbow.
3			earnings			update 2: reynolds american issues earnings guidance reynolds american inc., created by the recent merger of rj reynolds tobacco co. and the us businesses of brown williamson tobacco corp.
2			hockey	captain	team			brown taps burke as assistant captain gerry burke of milton, a senior at brown university, has been elected as an assistant captain on the varsity hockey team.
3			investor	growth	profit	outlook			foodland wilts on poor profit outlook foodland associated left frustrated investors wanting more yesterday after handing down a disappointing profit and refusing to shed any light on its growth plans.
2			salary	game	cub	season			sosa fined $ 87,400 by cubs sammy sosa was fined $ 87,400 one day 's salary for arriving late to the cubs regular season finale at wrigley field and leaving the game early.
2			piston	game			pistons persevere, knock off knicks the pistons trailed almost the entire game. they led for only 42.6 seconds. they were down by 16 at halftime, down by five in the fourth quarter, down by four with 1:42 left, down by three with 34.4 seconds left.
4			standard	technology	generation			alcatel says closing in on china 3g mobile deal french telecoms equipment maker alcatel is nearing a deal with a chinese peer on cooperating to build third generation 3g mobile phone networks using a chinese technology standard, a senior executive said.
2			game	source			greek judo star dies after leap athens a member of greeces olympic judo squad who leaped from a third story apartment after an argument with her boyfriend just days before the athens games has died, a hospital source said tuesday.
4			gate	software	microsoft			gates richest american 11th year in a row washington, sept. 24 nnn : william bill henry gates, founder of software giant microsoft, continued to be the richest man in america for the eleventh year in a row, according to forbes magazine.
4			user			zingy to deliver kanye west, aaliyah songs mobile media company zingy on monday said it signed deals to deliver voice recordings by grammy nominated rapper kanye west and songs from the late r b singer aaliyah to mobile phone users.
2			coach	cup	country			smith and strachan in scotland frame the search for a new scotland manager is under way today after berti vogts resigned as national coach following the country 's poor start to the world cup qualifying campaign.
4			software			update 2 oracle raises peoplesoft offer, sets deadline oracle corp. orcl.o: quote, profile, research on monday raised its hostile takeover offer for rival software company peoplesoft inc.
3			general	shareholder	management			news corp agm begins in adelaide news corporation management and shareholders have begun gathering in adelaide for what is expected to be the company 's last annual general meeting in australia.
1			leader	top	president			intel's president is promoted to c.e.o. the promotion will mark a subtle shift at the top of intel paul otellini promises to be a kinder, more gentle leader than his last two predecessors.
4			ship	core			intel to ship dual core xeon in 2006 company denies the chip has been delayed, but many had expected it sooner.
2			team	football			it's hardly a weighty issue for colonials density may be important in physics, but acton boxboro thinks the concept is overrated especially when it comes to its football team.
3			profit	retailer	aid	sale			digital cameras aid jessops sales specialist retailer jessops says the popularity of digital cameras has helped to boost its profits.
2			season			alaska resumes aerial wolf control program aerial hunters have claimed the first wolf kills of the season as alaska officials renew predator control efforts to boost moose and caribou populations.
4			generation			saved from the saw, ancient japanese forests now threatened by tourism a generation ago, a battle was successfully waged on this rugged island to preserve what was left of its primeval forests, home to giant trees millennia old. now tourism spawned by this natural heritage is threatening its survival.
1			crisis	president			in the throes of a crisis president arroyo has asked her economic managers to lay the groundwork for the declaration of an unsustainable public deficit which will allow the national government
3			good			colgate to slash 10pc of workforce colgate palmolive, the toothpaste to bleach consumer goods giant, is cutting more than one in 10 of its workforce across the world.
4			system	upgrade	microsoft			windows xp security update delayed microsoft corp. has delayed automated distribution of a major security upgrade to its windows xp professional operating system, citing a desire to give companies more time to test it.
4			generation	microsoft	system	software	technology	longhorn			microsoft releases avalon preview software giant microsoft released a community technology preview of the next generation presentation subsystem of their upcoming operating system longhorn.
1			winner	country	election	war	president			karzai officially declared winner president hamid karzai on wednesday was officially declared the winner of afghanistan's first ever democratic presidential election more than three weeks after votes were cast, giving him a five year mandate to try to steer this country out of a quarter century of civil war and strife.
3			profit	sale	earnings			tough times in toyland as mattel posts lower profits toy maker mattel said monday that third quarter earnings fell slightly on lower worldwide sales of its barbie, matchbox and hot wheels brands.
2			good	season			more web shopping is what 's in store the retail sector overall may be reporting a sluggish start to the season, but holiday shoppers are scooping up ipods, dvds, digital cameras and other tech goods at a brisk pace and they
2			tournament	championship	champion	tour	win	player			stadler leads sas championship by four craig stadler already is atop the champions tour money list, and now he's poised to become the first tour player in more than six years to win three consecutive tournaments.
4			hardware			transmeta suffers hype and hardware reality perhaps the decision to name its flagship product after a fictional shipwrecked traveler who spent almost 30 years trapped on a small island was not the best of omens for transmeta corp.
4			technology			new company starts up a challenge to google google executives have long conceded that one of their great fears is to be overtaken by a more advanced internet search technology.
4			desktop	tool	system	spyware			blue coat tool targets spyware the tool from blue coat systems detects spyware at the internet gateway as well as the desktop and is designed to keep it from affecting network performance and security.
4			user			they think it 's ok to make money hijacking my pc a few months ago i wrote about web browser hijacking. it 's a problem a lot of computer users are facing these days. you open your internet explorer, but instead of being directed to your homepage, you re sent to some search engine you ve never heard of.
2			brawl	pacer	piston	fan	sport			charges filed in pacer pistons brawl ten people, five pacers and five pistons fans, have been charged with misdemeanor assault in the one of the worst brawls in us sports history.
4			technology			sony 's blu ray discs to have half the production cost of dvds sony announced yesterday that it has developed blu ray bd disc production technology that will be enable the company to produce blu ray discs at half the cost of dvds.
2			champion	match	trophy			remorseless quest all the way london: on the eve of yesterdays clash between australia and new zealand, kiwi skipper stephen fleming, while referring to the one sided nature of matches played thus far in the icc champions trophy, had stated, in effect, that the fireworks would
3			investment			thomson to sell media group for $ 350 mln thomson corp. said on friday it will sell its media division to investment group investcorp in a $ 350 million cash deal that will tighten its focus on electronic publishing.
3			management			constellation bids $ 970 mln for mondavi constellation brands inc. on tuesday said it launched an unsolicited $ 970 million offer for robert mondavi corp. , which is in the midst of a management shake up and shifting corporate strategy, in a bid to bolster its wine portfolio.
4			price	cell	technology	fuel			smaller, more powerful pc fuel cell is on the way a new fuel cell for notebook pcs, more compact and powerful than competing technologies, could be on the market in early 2006 at a price of around us $ 90, its japanese inventors said tuesday.
4			tool	microsoft	application	developer			microsoft previews 'whitehorse' developer tools the tools, part of an upcoming visual studio update, are focused on making it easier to create customized web applications.
2			athletics	sport	miami	development			agents seek bigger voice in sport's future a newly formed group of athletes' representatives are meeting in miami this week to seek a larger voice in the development of athletics.
2			game			tapwave zodiac 2 cite reg cite review the best handheld games console yet?
1			leader			eu leaders sign first constitution the 25 european union leaders on friday signed the eu 's first constitution that aims to boost the union 's presence on the world stage but will face a tough ratification test at the hands of european parliaments and voters before it can take effect.
4			user	software	microsoft			microsoft offers to replace fake windows xp users who fear that their windows xp software might be counterfeit could get free legitimate replacements from microsoft under a scheme announced last week.
1			leader	election	minister	party	prime	president	jean			canada presses haiti on role for aristide prime minister paul martin of canada urged haitian leaders on sunday to allow the political party of the deposed president, jean bertrand aristide, to take part in new elections.
1			president			oracle isn 't trying to bury rival, executive testifies the co president of the oracle corporation, safra a. catz, testified on tuesday that her company 's pursuit of peoplesoft was a serious takeover offer, not an effort to eliminate the company as a rival.
4			development	software	application	developer			intel polishes first flash development kit for mobiles intel has unveiled its first flash software developer kit sdk for mobiles, promising that the flash data integrator 6.0 intel fdi will help developers boost performance of advanced applications for multimedia smartphones.
3			growth	sale	gain			humble sandwich gains in stature the atkins diet frenzy slowed growth briefly, but the sandwich business is booming, with $ 105 billion in sales last year.
1			reform	president	opposition			maldives political reforms cosmetic opposition the chief political opponent of maldives president maumoon abdul gayoom on friday accused asia's longest serving ruler of continuing to stifle democracy despite his pledges of reform.
4			design			ikea touts its 'democratic design' the design chief of home furnishing giant ikea was recently asked in china, now home to two of the blue and yellow warehouses selling the scandinavian lifestyle, if he was worried about being a design imperialist.
4			processor	amd	team	ibm	technology	silicon			ibm amd team up on strained silicon ibm and advanced micro devices amd are jointly developing a new method for implementing strained silicon technology. to improve performance on processors from both companies as early as next year.
4			desktop	software	microsoft			microsoft links pc to phone, to create communication hub that rewrite of the old microsoft corp. motto might not fit precisely, but the redmond company yesterday showed its ever expanding ambitions with new software that connects the desktop computer to the traditional telephone next to it.
1			leader	pas	debate			senate expected to approve bill overhauling intelligence today as debate in the g.o.p. controlled senate opened, the chamber's leaders predicted the bill would easily pass.
3			share	shareholder	stock	sale	airway	british			qantas buoyed by sale qantas yesterday shrugged off the exit of its major shareholder, with the stock buoyed by the prospect of more international alliances now that british airways is off its share registry.
2			system	game	bowl	season			gotta love this time of year this has been one heck of a season thus far. every week, there have been games that have been dynamite. i can understand the proponents of keeping the bowl system the way it is.
2			coach	athletics	football	season			jerry graybeal resigns as weber state coach after 1 10 season weber state football coach jerry graybeal has stepped down after a 1 10 season, the worst in the program 's 43 year history. graybeal informed athletics director william j. weidner of his decision tuesday and
1			crisis			time to tackle the pension crisis with its $ 23 billion shortfall double any previous deficit, the government 's pension benefit guaranty corp. needs fixing fast.
4			supercomputer	mac	hardware			virginia tech beefs up mac supercomputer com october 25, 2004, 9:00 pm pt. zdnet 's survey of it professionals in october kept upgrading hardware at number two on the businesses radar throughout the year.
1			election			judge rules in favor of md. vote machines an anne arundel county judge wednesday rejected a challenge to the state's touch screen voting machines, saying they are more accurate than the paper ballots plaintiffs are seeking to make optional for the november elections.
1			prime	election	minister			nastase and basescu in close finish in romanian presidential vote romania 's presidential election ended in suspense as exit polls disagreed on whether prime minister adrian nastase had won narrowly or tied with his centre right rival traian basescu.
2			fan	sport			beer swilling idiots should bear most of the blame there 's a common misconception in the world of sports often voiced by beer toting fans as if it were defensible in a court of law.
2			general	jersey	sport			gm to lay off 950 at new jersey truck plant general motors corp. on tuesday said it will lay off about 950 workers at its linden, new jersey, truck plant early next year and cease production of the two sport utility vehicles manufactured at the facility.
1			reform			china holds firm over yuan reform chinese banking officials say they will not rush any moves to ease the yuan from its tight peg against the us dollar.
1			president	election	violence			wartime security as karzai campaigns amid spiralling violence wartime security was rolled out for afghanistan's interim president hamid karzai as he addressed his first election campaign rally outside the capital amidst spiralling violence.
2			night	sport			record breaking night the world record was like graffiti on a masterpiece, a reminder of a sport 's dark past.
4			integration	speed			vivisimo launches clusty to provide efficient search services to ... no doubt, google and yahoo! are great search engines. google is great in speed and straightforward search results, while yahoo! excels in integration of services.
2			basketball	medal	coach	play			coaching likely in staley 's olympic future with a gold medal dangling from her neck, dawn staley said saturday that she won 't play basketball in the olympics again. she sure would like to coach in one, though.
4			cell			will cell numbers be listed with 411? senators threaten to enact an opt in rule. wireless carriers say it's not necessary because they're doing just that.
3			investor	sale			tech market indeed soft, but hp woes one of a kind hp and cisco spooked investors with recent comments about sales, but analysts say the overall tech market is still inching along.
3			retailer			circuit city gets online makeover if you build it, or in the case of circuit city's web site, re build it, they won't necessarily come. so, to ensure visits to the new , the electronics retailer yesterday started rolling out a multimedia push that promotes a plasma screen tv makeover online contest that carries a grand prize of five flat screen tvs and home theater equipment worth 20,000.
2			game	redskin	season			redskins release ohalete the washington redskins have released safety ifeanyi ohalete, a starter for 15 games last season.
4			cell	virus	software	attack			hackers taking aim at mobile phones cell phones are becoming frequent targets for viruses, spam and other malicious attacks because most are not programmed with protective software.
1			president			ex disney president ovitz says eisner was obstacle former walt disney co. president michael ovitz defended his tenure in the job, testifying that efforts to improve and expand the no.
3			management			update 2 blackrock buys state street research for $ 375 mln blackrock inc. blk.n: quote, profile, research , one of the largest us fixed income managers, on thursday said it will buy its far smaller competitor state street research management co.
2			leader	medal	sport	attack			brazil appeals for gold brazilian sports officials blamed inadequate security for a defrocked priest's bizarre attack on the olympic marathon leader, and said yesterday they will appeal to world track authorities for a duplicate gold medal.
4			use	chain	technology			european supermarket chain extends rfid push tesco will use the technology in more stores, focusing this time on tracking cases and pallets, rather than individual items.
2			boston	baseball	game			no escape from curse of the bambino to understand the tortured relationship between the great city of boston and the equally great city of new york in life as well as in baseball look no further than game
2			basketball	player	coach			former kan. junior college coach indicted a former junior college basketball coach was indicted on charges that he provided false academic information about his athletes to division i schools looking to recruit the players.
4			gate	software	microsoft			mr. bill gates, you re no google microsoft corp. isnt often an underdog in anything, so when the software powerhouse released its new search engine, i was anxious to give it a whirl.
4			feature			amazon expands web services efforts the e tailer releases two new packages designed to help people and companies feature amazon merchande on their own web sites.
4			military	speed	engineer	top	technology			x 43a jet breaks air speed record nasa's x 43a 'scramjet' now holds the jet aircraft speed record after hitting a top speed of mach 9.6, or nearly 6,600 mph. engineers say the technology could find its way into military and commercial aircraft. by amit asaravala.
3			top	vendor			gartner: third of top pc vendors gone in three years three of the top 10 pc vendors will be pushed out of the business by 2007, research firm gartner predicted monday. by gregg keizer.
4			cell			fcc to consider allowing cell phones on planes the us federal communications commission fcc on wednesday kicked off efforts that could reshape the communications services available to airline passengers.
4			software			hyperion offers employees $ 5,000 if they buy hybrid car business software maker hyperion solutions corp., of sunnyvale, says it will give $ 5,000 to every employee who buys a car that gets at least 45 miles per gallon.
4			mail	technology			yahoo, earthlink build bulwark against spoofing there are several technologies similar to domainkeys, including cisco 's identified internet mail and microsofts 's senderid.
4			patent	licensing	generation	identification	frequency	technology	standard			intermec offers up rfid patents for free intermec technologies inc. has agreed to waive intellectual property licensing fees for 60 days on 14 patents in hopes of spurring more companies to build prototypes based next generation standards for radio frequency identification.
4			feature	application	vendor	storage			network appliance offers up flexible storage the vendor adds features to its storage appliance to quickly bring back online storage that had been dedicated to an underused application.
2			winner	football	final	trophy	season			the process of picking a winner poses issues the college football season enters its final weekend on saturday, but the suspense surrounding the heisman trophy is already gone.
1			fighting			eisner defends $ 140 million pay for fired ovitz michael eisner 's fighting back. the embattled disney boss is gearing up to defend his hiring and firing of former hollywood superagent michael ovitz as disney 's no.
4			worm	enterprise	system	ibm	virus	technology			ibm, cisco forge enterprise security tie ibm and cisco systems inc. unveiled product updates that will tie technology from the two companies more closely together in an effort to secure customer networks from worms and viruses.
4			development	stadium	developer			quintain plans casino at wembley quintain estates and development is planning a 320m casino and leisure complex near the new wembley stadium. the developer would split the cost with las vegas casino owner, caesars entertainment in a joint
2			team	season			still waiting for a new home the metrostars' telephone conference call after m.l.s.'s expansion draft was a lot like the team's disappointing season snaps, crackles but ultimately no pop.
4			animation	jason	human	technology			an anime for deep thinkers ghost in the shell 2: innocence is dense, but better than the original in many ways: fewer clichs, more sophisticated animation, deeper insight into human nature and technology. jason silverman reviews the film.
4			outsourcing	technology			hp signs outsourcing deal with nokia hewlett packard co. said on wednesday it had signed a five year technology outsourcing agreement with nokia worth $ 100 million per year, finalizing a deal first flagged in february.
2			medal	victory	team	win			almost perfect: u.s. wins softball gold the u.s. softball team won its third straight gold medal with an unprecedented and nearly unblemished romp through the olympics, capped by a 5 1 victory monday over an australian team that, like the rest of softball's elite, never had a chance...
4			development	system	networking	tokyo			cisco to open tokyo research center internet networking giant cisco systems inc. on thursday said it plans to open a research and development center in tokyo in february.
1			leader	terrorism			peru retries shining path leader guzman the founder of peru's maoist shining path insurgency raised a defiant fist and proclaimed glory to marxism in court friday as the government retried him on terrorism charges a decade after he was sentenced to life in prison.
2			play	race	season			after six month grind, three races left to be decided in season 's ... peter magowan knows all of the schedules by heart when everybody plays, who they play, where they play. he knows the standings, too, obviously.
4			technology	version			palmone updates treo phone with display, battery palmone inc. on monday unveiled a new version of its popular treo that adds a removable battery and short range wireless technology to the device, which combines a mobile phone and digital organizer.
2			champion	alan	prix	british	sport			former f1 champ slams axing of british gp australian formula one world champion alan jones says the sport 's administration is making a terrible mistake if it goes ahead with plans to axe the british grand prix from next year 's schedule.
2			coach	win			lippi praises new boys italy coach marcello lippi was happy with the performances of the newcomers after the 1 0 friendly win over finland. this builds morale for the lads who gradually relaxed into their stride and their confidence grew as time went on, he said.
4			processor	enterprise	ibm	upgrade	server	core			ibm eserver to support dual core processors ibm announced that it will begin shipping its new eserver 326 server to its enterprise clients starting next week. this server will be an upgrade from the company 's previously released eserver 325 model.
3			growth	export			latin america sees strong growth latin america's economy grew by 5.5 in 2004, its best performance since 1980, while exports registered their best performance in two decades.
4			system	software	standard	adobe			adobe plans new format for digital photos adobe systems inc. plans to introduce a new format for digital photos on monday in an attempt to create an industry public standard to make the archiving and editing process compatible across all types of cameras and photo software.
4			generation	technology	high	volume	access			intel demonstrates next generation process technology intel corporation has built fully functional sram static random access memory chips using 65 nanometer nm technology, its next generation high volume semiconductor manufacturing process.
2			game			pitching fails giants once again another early exit for starter as ... the giants returned from the south after a 3 4 trip that should have been better, culminated by a game that they should have won.
2			career	victory			landmarks for india as bangladesh crumble bangladesh slumped to 36 for five at tea today as india closed in on a victory within three days. sachin tendulkars test career best 248 not out and zaheer khans world record 75 for a number 11 had taken
4			cell	feature			gradual changes to come for sprint, nextel cell phone shoppers looking for new deals and features didn't find them thursday, a day after the phone companies announced a merger that they promised would shake up the wireless business.
2			reserve	sport			jets place mickens on ir, sign buckley east rutherford, nj sports network the new york jets placed veteran cornerback ray mickens on injured reserve wednesday and signed defensive back terrell buckley.
4			user	version			users applaud idea of oracle bi as center of the universe the message was, characteristically, all oracle: consolidate, ditch the special purpose data warehouses, and move to a version of oracle corp.
4			microsoft	engineer	software	technology	mail	win	standard			microsoft revises anti spam standard microsoft corp. on monday said it had revised its proposal to weed out spam e mail to win over skeptical internet engineers who have been reluctant to adopt technology owned by the dominant software company.
4			user	lab	feature			google offers a suggestion google has launched a new feature that tries to guess what users are looking for as they type queries into its search box. google suggest was quietly launched this week in the company 's labs site, which showcases
4			language	computing			utility computing spec takes refuge in oasis data center markup language organization joins xml body to broaden industry adoption.
2			career			shock jocks boost satellite radio profile when radio shock jocks opie and anthony considered their next career move after two firings in four years, the twisted twosome was ready to feign rehabilitation. or at least that was the plan when they sat down with satellite radio executives.
4			single	researcher	technology			simpsons swallowed whole by dvd of the future a new technology capable of storing the equivalent of 100 dvds on a single dvd sized disc has been unveiled by researchers from london 's imperial college.
4			platform	tool	wrap	developer	application			macromedia rolls new flex builder tool macromedia quote, chart took the wraps off its first developer tool for its flex platform that it says will encourage more people to build rich media and web facing applications.
2			tournament	football	fifa	cup	match			fifa announces new dates for kenya 's qualifying matches the international football federation has announced new dates for kenya 's three qualifying matches for the 2006 world cup tournament in germany.
2			broke	champion	game			greek sprinter says he didn 't fake accident greeces disgraced olympic sprint champion costas kenteris on sunday broke a lengthy silence since the end of the athens games to deny faking a motorcycle crash to avoid a doping test.
2			player	football	team			wiu football players charged in burglary two western illinois football players were suspended from the team wednesday after being charged in a weekend burglary.
2			play	game			olympic games the first olympic games were dedicated to the olympian gods and were staged on the ancient plains of olympia, famous for its magnificent temples of the gods zeus and hera. take the rediff business quiz and find out what role the corporates play in the ...
4			processor	amd	design	computing	version			amd plans to show chip before intel san francisco advanced micro devices has brought forward a demonstration of its version of a new approach to processor design, with a chip that is expected to offer faster computing and relatively less power consumption.
4			ballmer	microsoft	linux	software	technology	source			ballmer bullish on future, bearish on linux speaking to members of the massachusetts software council, microsoft ceo steve ballmer touted a bright future for technology but warned his listeners to think twice before adopting open source products like linux.
4			investor	microsoft	system	management	development	developer			thomson partners with microsoft, time warner aiming to promote the development of inter operable digital rights management drm systems, paris based thomson has become a strategic investor in contentguard, a developer of drm intellectual property, making it a partner with current investors
2			enemy	game			'everquest,' 'warcraft' polished if my experiences with two new massively multiplayer online role playing games have taught me one thing, it's that if i really wanted, i'd never have to interact face to face with another person again. i have all the friends and enemies i can handle thanks to everquest ii and world of warcraft.
4			technology			beer gadget boost to water plants technology used to check for diluted beer in kegs could soon be used to monitor water quality.
4			system	software	microsoft			microsoft comes to small screen comcast cable yesterday announced a plan to roll out microsoft 's software across its digital cable system in washington state.
4			design	server			this week in dell news dell gets set to roll out its poweredge 1855 blade server line a home grown design, this month.
4			user	outlook	general	text	technology			general wireless technology opens up new ways for pc users to ... stockholm, sweden, october 11 prnewswire following an agreement between vodafone uk, starhome and general wireless, vodafone 's business customers can now send and receive text messages sms in their ms outlook and lotus notes.
4			vendor	project			in the service: eds gets intranet project back on track eds 's effort to build the navy and marine corps intranet has been plagued by problems ever since the services vendor won the original $ 6.
4			system	buying	access			stanley buying indianapolis lock firm the stanley works has agreed to buy indianapolis based security group inc., a maker of locks and access systems.
4			opera	software	mail	technology			new opera release offers faster browsing opera software 's web browser 7.60, will incorporate web and e mail acceleration technology from slipstream. the technology allows isps to offer up to six times faster browsing on dial up and wirelessconnections, the two companies say.
3			profit	share			celestica lowers q3 guidance; shares slump after hours celestica late tuesday came out with a profit and revenue warning for its third quarter, saying some of its biggest customers were reducing orders for the company 's electronics equipment.
4			processor	system	linux	silicon	graphic			sgi launches linux based visual computer line silicon graphics sgi has launched the successor line to its onyx visualization systems. called prism, the systems will be based on intel 's itanium 2 processor and the linux operating system.
4			ibm	hardware			chinese firm buys ibm pc business ibm, the pioneer of the personal computer, is selling its pc hardware business to number one chinese computer maker lenovo.
2			coach	park	football			u md. locks up friedgen university of maryland head football coach ralph friedgen signed a contract extension on friday that will keep him in college park through 2012.
4			microsoft	sharing	software	code	access	source			microsoft expands sharing of source code microsoft corp. is expanding a program to give government organizations access to some of its tightly guarded software blueprints amid growing competition from rivals who make such source code freely available.
4			grid	science	ibm	technology	institute			ibm builds world community grid for scientific research the advisory board for the world community grid comprises health science, technology and philanthropy experts from such organizations at the national institute of health, the us environmental
3			profit			alcatel swings to profit french telecommunications equipment maker alcatel sa swung to a profit in the third quarter, helped by cost cutting and a rebound in the mobile communications industry, the company said thursday.
4			patent	telephony	talk	technology	application			get ready for spit if spam could talk, it would spit. spit stands for spam over internet telephony and could become just as annoying, according to executives from qovia inc., which recently filed two patent applications for technology to thwart spit.
4			design			venerable yacht builder tries to regain sea legs palmer johnson hopes to its former glory by introducing a sleek new motor yacht design and concentrating on building boats.
4			microsoft	run	linux	feature	technology	use	application			linux release features windows support release makes use of technology from codeweavers to let customers run applications from microsoft.
1			election			election will resonate beyond australia the world is watching closely the outcome of an election campaign that has mostly dealt with bread and butter domestic issues, writes tony parkinson.
3			investment	chain	sale			update 1 pathmark loss widens, hires investment bank pathmark stores inc. ptmk.o: quote, profile, research , the northeast grocery chain beset by falling sales and increased competition, on thursday reported a wider quarterly loss
4			player	generation			rap mogul damon dash launches electronics entity startup consumer electronics company roc digital on monday unveiled its rocbox line of digital music players, further expanding the $ 350 million hip hop generation properties of music mogul damon dash.
3			share			sony group agrees in principle to buy mgm a group headed by sony corp of america agreed in principle to acquire hollywood film studio metro goldwyn mayer for 12 a share in cash, mgm said on monday.
1			relation			buyer's remorse? the early take on oracle's tender offer for peoplesoft was that it was insincere. oracle boss lawrence ellison just wanted to sabotage peoplesoft's relations with customers. so said various pundits when the takeover was announced a year ago.
4			patent	microsoft	software	application			microsoft patent case goes to trial the software giant will defend itself against claims surrounding smart tags in its office applications.
3			good			judging error led to hamm 's gold paul hamm thought his fantastic finish was too good to be true. maybe he was right. the international gymnastics federation ruled saturday that yang tae young was unfairly docked
4			system	rate	development			adb says china should raise rates to cool economy china should raise interest rates to cool the economy and prevent a future buildup of bad loans in the banking system, the asian development bank 's adb bei jing representative bruce murray said.
3			good			leisure arts one thing that the olympics have always provided is that hardy perennial known as the feel good story. the sort of story in which, against all odds and with undeniable drama the farm boy from iowa who grew up with rickets in one leg ...
2			tournament	championship	champion	play	match	england			two exclusive tournaments, only one that counts the world match play championship in england, which starts thursday at wentworth, has a roll call of champions that rivals any tournament.
3			investor	fund	share			calif. retirement fund tenders peoplesoft shares calpers, a large us pension fund, has joined a growing list of big investors supporting oracle in its hostile buyout at $ 9.2 billion of rival peoplesoft.
4			core			halo 2: the aura still glows im suspicious of sequels. they can be rotten at their core, like reeling in a wealthy elderly spouse not to carry on a legacy, but to carry off the money.
4			design	system			gateway brings btx design to business desktops gateway inc. is expected to announce on monday a new lineup of business desktops based on a new pc chassis design that removes heat from the system and can help extend the life of a pc, according to the company.
4			system			firms to post drug data faced with a growing clamor for better disclosure, drug manufacturers said yesterday that they will begin a voluntary system of publicly posting the results of clinical trials both positive and negative.
4			system	email	management			rim signs bt to sell blackberry bt is to offer research in motion 's blackberry mobile email and personal information management system, the uk telco said today.
4			tool	software	management			ca releases wireless lan management software computer associates international ca has released a new tool for managing and securing wireless networks that attracted significant customer interest when it was previewed earlier this year.
3			stock	share			merger announcement sends childcare stocks rising shares in australia 's three largest childcare companies have surged, after they announced details of a major merger proposal. under the plan, abc learning will merge with child care centres australia and peppercorn
3			investment	holding			long on cash, short on ideas what's holding companies back? can anything be done to rev up their investment spending?
1			minister	finance			greece's olympic bill doubles hosting the 2004 olympics cost greece 9bn euros, twice the original estimate, the country's finance minister says.
4			united	nation	technology			iran using lasers to enrich uranium exile group an iranian exile group accused tehran on friday of using advanced laser technology to secretly enrich uranium and of lying to the united nations nuclear watchdog body about the covert program.
1			election			poll: fla. voters had no voting problems most florida voters had no problem casting a ballot on election day and many say they are confident their vote was counted correctly, a poll shows.
4			user	lab	software	mail	technology			yahoo buys e mail software firm stata yahoo inc. has snapped up privately held software company stata labs, which develops technology allowing users to quickly search through e mail and attachments.
1			winner	election	minister	prime	opposition			election commission in ukraine affirms early results as opposition protests entered a third day, prime minister viktor f. yanukovich was declared the winner.
1			leader	opposition			huge poll protest grips ukraine ukraine's opposition leader urges thousands of supporters to defy the government, alleging massive poll fraud.
3			growth	profit	earnings			fosters h2 profit slumps on wine charges fosters said that fiscal 2005 would be a year of consolidation with moderate earnings growth, but the company aimed to achieve double digit growth in fiscal 2006.
1			president			inauguration for tallest bridge the world's highest traffic bridge is to be inaugurated in southern france by president jacques chirac.
3			supply	chain	stock	exchange	technology			objectstore keeps tabs on rfid data this week objectstore, a provider of technology designed to manage massive amounts of data in real time, will unveil rfid accelerator. the company aims to give to supply chain capabilities similar to those used by financial institutions for executing programmatic trades on the stock exchange.
4			identification	frequency	technology	code	concern			air societal concerns to fill innovation gaps radio frequency identification is a technology that 's touted as the replacement for the bar code. these postage stamp size rfid tags contain a tiny microchip that 's smaller than a grain of sand and capable of storing information.
3			profit			bristol myers posts lower profit bristol myers squibb co. on friday reported a lower third quarter profit as revenue fell amid intense competition for its products from rivals and generic drugs.
4			microsoft	software	infrastructure	source			open source's next frontier open source software is starting to expand into the big ticket infrastructure software market dominated by microsoft and others.
3			good	united	value	sale			cheap flash drives, cheapest 1gb cf if you know of any good value it sales auctions, rebates, one off, clearance, surplus, classified ads going around in the united kingdom, france, usa or singapore, don 't hesitate to contact me, at least 24 hours before the sales end.
3			shortage	sale	stock	retailer			massive queues in japan as psp sells out queues over a thousand people long formed at some retailers in japan yesterday as sony 's playstation portable went on sale, with fears of a shortage realised as stocks sold out within hours at some major outlets.
1			gain	president	election			rehnquist more likely to step aside now president bush's re election makes it more likely chief justice william h. rehnquist will retire soon. and republican gains in the senate mean the president has more flexibility to nominate another strong conservative to fill that vacancy and other federal judgeships.
4			silicon			intel, eeoc to mediate employment disputes chipmaker becomes first silicon valley company to form a mediation partnership with the u.s. equal employment opportunity commission.
4			software			palmone moves to ease treo 650 memory gripes in an effort to address customer complaints about the treo 650 's memory capacity, handheld maker palmone will provide a software update for the smart phone 's memory.
4			human	technology	dna			is that dog barking up the wrong family tree? dna testing, the same technology used in human paternity disputes and criminal investigations, is increasingly being used to verify canine bloodline claims.
4			microsoft	system	software	patch	flaw			microsoft releases a flurry of patches microsoft corp. yesterday released an unusually large number of software security updates to fix flaws in its products, some of which could be exploited to remotely take over computers running the windows operating system.
4			priority	feature	hardware			new blackberry features smaller keyboard with the economy slowly turning up, upgrading hardware has been on businesses radar in the past 12 months as their number two priority.
2			coach	game			bama game is important to fulmer beating alabama is so important to vols coach phillip fulmer he has mentioned the annual game in his spiel to recruits.
2			cricket	england	british	sport			sky nets four year deal to air live cricket british sky broadcasting has strengthened its grip on live television coverage of sport with a deal giving sky sports exclusive rights to the live broadcast of all home international and domestic cricket in england and wales.
4			science	developer			search engine for developers is hailed an eclipse ide plug in that would provide search capabilities specifically for developers is being readied by a university of california, berkeley computer science professor.
4			ibm	talk	technology			lenovo may be in acquisition talks with ibm china's biggest computer maker said tuesday it is in acquisition talks with a major international technology company, a disclosure which comes amid reports it might buy ibm corp.'s personal computer business.
4			desktop	microsoft	tool	software	version			microsoft fixes date for desktop search tool microsoft has set a firmer date for the release of its desktop search software, after google launched a test version of its rival program for scouring a pc 's hard drive.
4			science	system	win			csc wins $ 1.35 billion contract computer sciences corporation has won a ten year, $ 1.35 billion contract to manage telephone and computer networks for ascension health, the largest nonprofit health care system in the us
1			crisis			crunch vote for new eu commission the threat of a constitutional crisis hangs over the eu as meps vote on whether to veto the new commission.
4			system			dan walters: melodramatic spin aside, harrigan 's calpers ouster ... bee columnist. sean harrigan and his acolytes are spinning a melodramatic tale about his ouster from the governing board of the huge california public employees retirement system that he
1			democrat	election			exit polls indicate germany 's social democrats lose state election exit polls say german chancellor gerhard schroeder 's social democrats have been defeated in a local election in the western state of saarland.
4			microsoft	tool	software	server	project			microsoft connects with sap a new add on for office project server 2003 includes tools for connecting to hr software from sap.
3			sale			slim playstation triples sales sony playstation 2's slimmer shape has proved popular with uk gamers, with 50,000 sold in its first week on sale.
3			investor	retailer			michaels splits, doesn't fray the arts and crafts retailer doesn't need to bend over backward to impress investors.
4			british	download	technology			virgin launches into online music sir richard branson has become the latest big name to move into the online music world. the british entrepreneur has launched a virgin digital music service in america, joining a long list of mainly technology companies in the crowded download market.
4			generation			vodafone launches mass market 3g mobile after a four year wait, billions of pounds spent on licences and numerous delays, vodafone finally rolled out mass market third generation 3g mobile telephone services.
4			system	erp	vendor	enterprise			ca picks sap for erp rollout computer associates international ca has selected sapas its vendor for a new erp enterprise resource planning system to replace a collection of homegrown accounting systems. services firm accenturewill assist with the implementation, ca said wednesday.
4			software			ca yet to appoint ceo the software maker denies backing a sap executive as a preferred candidate for the post of ceo, contrary to a newsday report. washington: software maker computer associates inc.
4			microsystems	ibm	software	technology	source			who's profiting from open source? ibm nyse: ibm , sun microsystems nasdaq: sunw and other technology companies recently donated portions of their software to the open source community. but those donations are not motivated by corporate generosity; there are tactics and strategies behind these moves.
2			night	race	championship			with six spots secure, only four openings remain in the chase for the six drivers who already are guaranteed a spot in nascar 's 10 race championship chase, saturday night 's chevy rock and roll 400 amounts to nothing more than just another race.
4			system	spacecraft			voyager 1, prepare for action at the outer limits of our solar system, a solar shock wave is about to overtake nasa's voyager 1 spacecraft.
4			use	tool	system	mainframe			ca offers usage based pricing for mainframe tools computer associates said all of its products for use with ibm's zseries mainframes and the zos operating system are now available on a pay as you go basis.
3			stock			taser insiders sold $ 68 million of stock in a week taser international inc. 's chairman, two co founders and five other insiders sold more than $ 68 million of their stock between nov. 5 and nov. 11, regulatory filings show.
4			crm	enterprise	software	sale	vendor	application			vertical solutions take hold in crm as the enterprise increasingly looks for vertical solutions from its crm vendors, kana software with an on premise solution and entellium with a hosted solution, will both announce this week industry specific best practice applications for customer service and sales force automation.
3			sale	price			price cuts boost real sales one week after the announcement of significant price reductions, the real networks is already able to show impressive results. since they began selling music for us $ 0.
1			politician	gain	election			chinese olympians sing as beijing lures hk voters beijing grabbed hong kong headlines on wednesday with its olympians singing and dancing into the hearts of residents days before legislative elections in which pro democracy politicians could make gains over pro china rivals.
4			user	low	amd	technology	access			amd introduces low cost net access device in india u.s. chip maker advanced micro devices inc. has introduced a low cost internet access device that could cost just a few hundred dollars, aimed at first time technology users in the developing world.
4			server			sony's home server stores 1 terabyte who needs that much? anyone who wants to record a week's worth of tv shows.
4			design	software	networking	system			cisco expands router offerings with bcn buy cisco systems today confirmed that it has signed a definitive agreement to acquire privately held bcn systems, a californian networking software design firm.
4			developer			where's the simplicity in web services? as the number of web services specifications proliferates, some developers advocate a return to a simpler approach.
2			champion	sport	fall			sports in brief: skater not afraid to go back on ice world champion pairs skater tatiana totmianina said monday she still doesn 't know what caused her to fall and sustain a concussion during a weekend skating program, though she says she doesn 't fear going back on the ice.
3			profit	sale			gillette 's income up $ 475 mln for quarter gillette co. gn: quote, profile, research on thursday posted stronger than expected quarterly profit, driven by sales of higher priced products such as its battery powered m3power men 's
2			game	pas			kobe upset by malone 's alleged come on to wife kobe bryant has accused karl malone of making a pass at his wife, vanessa, at a game last month. she told him that malone made inappropriate comments to her nov. 23 at staples center.
3			investor	jean			update 4: vivendi, messier are fined $ 1.35m each france 's market regulator fined vivendi universal sa and its former boss jean marie messier on tuesday for deceiving investors with a litany of inaccurate financial communications issued over a two year period.
4			patent	file	technology	infringement	lawsuit			p to p partner charges riaa with patent infringement the litigious recording industry association of america riaa is involved in another legal dispute with a p to p peer to peer technology maker, but this time, the riaa is on defense. altnet inc. filed a lawsuit wednesday accusing the riaa and several of its partners of infringing an altnet patent covering technology for identifying requested files on a p to p network.
3			stock			five stocks with outstanding returns outstanding roic and market beating performance go hand in hand for these stocks.
2			united	club	manchester	talk	sport			man utd end glazer takeover talks manchester united said it has rejected a business plan from us sports tycoon malcolm glazer and ended takeover talks. the club said an outline plan presented by mr glazer was not in its best interests because
4			microsoft	tool	software	server	version			microsoft to release communication server microsoft corp. plans a dec. 1 release for the latest version of its server software that aims to give companies more secure instant messaging and other corporate communications tools.
2			team			wanadoo teams with loudeye to extend music service wanadoo has signed a deal with u.s. based digital media firm loudeye to bring its online music service to subscribers in the netherlands and spain, the internet division of france telecom said on tuesday.
3			good	retailer			bed bath beyond debt free the leading home goods retailer keeps its balance sheet clean and delivers strong results.
2			basketball	medal	team			u.s. men salvage some pride with basketball bronze their character questioned and commitment belittled, the u.s. men's olympic basketball team responded to their critics by taking the bronze with a gold medal effort.
2			title			the definitive guide to php power programming site offer save 30 on 1000's of titles!
3			holding			product review: decent debut for myfi it was when vanilla fudge's you keep me hanging on came blasting through my earphones that i began to see the appeal of the myfi, the new portable satellite radio from xm satellite radio holdings inc. and delphi corp. with a built in digital recorder.
3			finance			suntrust fires 3 finance execs suntrust banks inc. , a large u.s. southeast regional bank, on wednesday said it fired three finance executives, including its chief credit officer, after uncovering problems in how it accounted for bad loans.
2			baseball			selig has surgery for skin cancer baseball commissioner bud selig had surgery monday to remove a cancerous lesion from his forehead.
4			development	tool	series			rumours surround google browser the net is buzzing with rumours that google is working on a web browser. online journals, or weblogs, have put together a series of developments which suggest that the search engine is developing new web tools.
4			user	platform	series			intel puts its weight behind symbian intel is building a symbian based mobile phone, based on nokia 's series 60 user interface. the company has not announced a delivery date, but a reference platform should arrive sometime in 2005, intended to
4			system	stock	technology	share			hp repurchases $ 1.3b of common stock hewlett packard co., a maker of computers, printers and information technology systems for businesses, said monday that it bought back about $ 1.3 billion worth of common shares from merrill lynch co. in an accelerated repurchase program, while its board also approved the repurchase of an added $ 3 billion in stock.
4			processor	series	nvidia	technology	graphic			nvidia announces geforce 6 gpu with turbocache technology nvidia today announced the newest gpu in its geforce 6 series of graphics processors, the nvidia geforce 6200 gpu with turbocache technology.
3			stock			stocks set to open slightly higher stocks were set for a slightly higher open on wednesday, boosted by wireless carriers sprint corp. and nextel communications inc. , which agreed to combine in a deal worth about $ 35 billion.
3			growth	profit	sale	rise			nextel profit rises on customer growth nextel communications inc. , the sixth largest u.s. mobile provider, on friday said its quarterly profit rose on strong subscriber growth, including better than expected sales to young customers.
2			play	ship	game			sony debuts psp to challenge nintendo sony began selling the new psp playstation portable yesterday in japan. the company says it will ship 500,000 units of the console, which plays music, videos and games by the end of the year.
3			growth	stock			stocks set to open lower after jobs data u.s. stocks were set to open lower on friday after a government report showed weaker than expected job growth in september.
4			user	microsoft	software	patch	use			microsoft releases 10 security patches for windows, excel, and ie microsoft releases 10 security patches for windows, excel, and ie if you use microsoft windows, excel, or their internet explorer browser you better watch out, because there are some large security holes that need patching. microsoft on tuesday published 10 software security advisories, warning windows users and corporate administrators of 22 ...
2			player	game	sale			nintendo ds game player makes strong japan debut nintendo co. ltd. 's ds video game player saw strong sales on its debut in japan on thursday, kicking off what is expected to be a fierce fight with rival sony corp.
1			politician	top	violence			indian politician sent to prison top hindu nationalist politician uma bharti is remanded in an indian jail over charges of inciting religious violence 10 years ago.
2			game			ioc bans greek medallist from games the olympics are less than a week away and organizers are pulling the pieces together for the aug. 13 opening. dana vollmer will be one of those tales of courage that come up during the olympics.
4			processor	amd	core	technology	developer	use			intel to show off its own dual core technology one week after amd said it has demonstrated a dual core processor, intel will use its developer 's forum to provide the first demonstration of its dual core technology.
4			boston	content	sale	technology	development	fan			cellphone marketing firm secures $ 17.5m with everyone from espn to eminem opening sales channels to cellphone owning fans, m qube inc., a boston wireless company that delivers entertainment content, has raised $ 17.5 million in venture capital funding to ramp up its sales and technology development.
4			system	reader	vulnerability			big day for browser vulnerabilities an anonymous reader writes all browsers have been reported vulnerable to different vulnerabilities today. starting with: internet explorer on xp sp1 sp2, which suffers a new system compromise of course vulnerability.
1			general	country	election			aborigines left out of australian election, says senator once again, australia's aboriginal community has been forgotten as the country prepares for a general election, according to its only indigenous senator, aden ridgeway.
4			price	technology	plea			memory makers face jail for price fixing three german executives and an american with microchip giant infineon technologies face jail terms and fines under plea agreements to settle a us probe into price fixing, according to the justice department.
4			grid	tool	computing	fund			brief: west virginia funds public grid computing effort the state of west virginia is developing the first state sponsored open public internet grid computing effort. the tool will be used in such fields as biometrics and cancer research.
2			team			1572 ad explosion supports supernova theory an international team of astronomers is announcing today that they have identified the probable surviving companion star to a titanic supernova explosion witnessed in the year 1572 by the great danish astronomer tycho brahe and
3			shareholder			oracle extends bid for peoplesoft while a u.s. district court continues to weigh the legality of oracle's nasdaq: orcl attempted takeover of peoplesoft nasdaq: psft , oracle has taken the necessary steps to ensure the offer does not die on the vine with peoplesoft's shareholders.
2			baseball			gagne is shaky in ninth in the never ending and rarely successful quest to neutralize barry bonds, conventional baseball wisdom is about as useful as a fastball down the middle.
1			party	election	president	win			municipal elections strengthen party of brazilian president in its first electoral test since taking power 21 months ago, the party of president luiz inacio lula da silva emerged stronger from nationwide municipal elections but did not win in the country's biggest city, sao paulo.
1			election			some voters cast ballots before election day election day may be in november, but some americans will start casting ballots next week under early voting laws that have reshaped the campaign landscape and changed the most fundamental act of democracy.
4			upgrade	software	infrastructure	switch			trapeze software eases services delivery trapeze networks inc. this week will announce upgrades to its wireless lan switch software that make it easier to deliver and manage public and private wlan services over the same infrastructure.
3			profit	retailer	vendor	bankruptcy			3 former kmart execs charged with fraud three former kmart executives and representatives of several major vendors were charged on thursday with fraudulently accounting for $ 24 million of profit before the retailer filed for bankruptcy in 2002.
1			agenda	cabinet	opposition			roman catholic church furious over spain 's gay marriage plan spain 's cabinet proposed legislation friday that would allow same sex couples to marry and gays to adopt children, pressing ahead with its liberal agenda despite vociferous opposition from the influential roman catholic church.
2			fund	sport			wada wants more funds to fight drug cheats the man leading the fight against drug cheats in sport said on monday he wanted a further $ 1.5 million in funding to help stamp out substance abuse.
4			platform			hp learns the uselessness of utility hp is throwing in the towel and abandoning its utility data center, just a month shy of its third birthday. the udc offered self adapting, self healing, policy driven automated cross platform services: install
4			bug	desktop	system	software	mac	management			apple remote desktop 2.1 available apple computer inc. on monday released an update for apple remote desktop ard , the company's software solution to assist mac system administrators and computer managers with asset management, software distribution and help desk support. ard 2.1 includes several enhancements and bug fixes.
4			switch			synchrotron puts city into national spotlight with a flick of a giant switch, canada 's biggest and most advanced scientific research laboratory will be officially launched later today in saskatoon.
4			technology			business school doles out blackberry devices blending technology and education, the university of maryland 's business school will arm its mba students with nextel blackberry 7510s.
1			party	victory	country	election			botswana elections to hand victory to party in power since ... queues of voters in diamond rich botswana waited patiently to cast their ballots in elections that are expected to hand victory to the party in power since independence in 1966 in one of africa 's most stable countries.
4			system	microsoft			the home pc, perfected three times is a charm, and never is this truer than with microsoft products. with its brand new windows xp media center edition 2005 operating system, microsoft may have unleashed the perfect os for a home pc.
2			joe	sport			jaguar leave the paddock jaguar have announced that they will pull out of formula one at the end of the year. joe greenwell, company chairman and chief executive, said that revealed financial reasons were behind the company 's decision to end interest in the sport.
3			share			humana shows improvement in third quarter humana inc. reported third quarter net income of $ 84.3 million, or 52 cents per share, up from $ 62.1 million, or 38 cents per share, a year earlier.
2			science	team	win			two ncssm students win national team science competition two students at the durham nc school of science and mathematics will split $ 100,000 in scholarship money for their cancer research.
1			party	talk	nation	president			s.korea's roh sees slow progress in 6 party talks south korean president roh moo hyun said on sunday he expected only slow progress in the six nation talks to end pyongyang's nuclear ambitions but retained hopes for a diplomatic resolution.
4			ram	technology	price			infineon to pay $ 160 million fine for dram price fixing infineon technologies ag, a german manufacturer of dram dynamic ram has agreed to plead guilty and pay a us $ 160 million fine for attempting to fix prices in the dram market, the us department of justice doj announced wednesday.
3			good			denver's pryce out 4 6 weeks trevor pryce came into training camp in the best shape of his life. it didn't do him much good.
3			good			gambling linked to good health in seniors according to a surprising yale university study, older recreational gamblers seem to be healthier than non gamblers...
4			system	networking	source			cisco to introduce new products for cos. cisco systems inc. on tuesday will introduce new products aimed at protecting and expanding one of its biggest sources of revenue computer networking equipment for small businesses and branch offices.
3			sale			somerfield buys 114 safeway outlets morrisons is to hand over 114 of its smaller safeway stores to rival somerfield as part of a 260m deal. morrisons said the sale would let it concentrate on the larger safeway stores that it acquired and
4			user	microsoft	flaw	system			finnish authorities warn against using ms internet explorer 6 browser finnish authorities warned computer users against using the popular microsoft internet explorer six web browser as it has a serious security flaw that compromises computer systems.
2			champion			hopkins has done things his way for the fight of his life, undisputed middleweight champion bernard hopkins chose some music that says something about his life. when he enters the ring saturday to face oscar de la hoya, it won 't be to pulsating rap.
2			coach	defender	team			groh warns defense upset by his team's embarrassing showing against florida state, virginia coach al groh has told his starting defenders they will have to earn back their jobs in practice this week.
4			suite	application	vendor	version			hyperion launches essbase 7x hyperion solutions, a vendor of business intelligence applications, will announce at its solutions 2004 hyperion international conference in paris this week, essbase 7x, a greatly enhanced version of its analytic suite.
4			microsoft	software	application	price			microsoft cuts onenote price software giant knocks $ 100 half the original price off its note taking application.
1			election			ukraine makes a crucial choice a mid the clamor and confusion of the us elections, it is easy to forget that ballots are being held elsewhere in the world. this week ukraine held a presidential election, and while the outcome will not shape
1			low	president	debate			on debate day, cheney keeps a low profile and edwards campaigns vice president dick cheney stayed largely out of sight today, while senator john edwards was stumping at an ohio rally.
1			leader	president			flight attendants union head urges strike the president of the association of flight attendants on tuesday urged union leaders to authorize a nationwide strike and railed against u.s. airlines for slashing flight attendants' pay and benefits.
2			hockey	cup	team			czechs, please, as swedes made to pay any suggestions the czech republic lacked the necessary commitment to advance in the world cup of hockey were erased yesterday when it stunned an overwhelmed swedish team in stockholm.
2			team	captain	jean	coach	cup			garrison gets new contract; king retires zina garrison was given a one year contract to stay on as u.s. fed cup captain, while billie jean king retired tuesday as a coach for the team.
2			coach	cup	team			socceroos ready to fulfil potential: farina socceroos coach frank farina says the national team is possibly the strongest australia has produced. farina 's comments follow australia 's qualification for next year 's confederation 's cup after a convincing
4			user	desktop	upgrade	software	mac	file	feature	version			quarkxpress 6.5 offers psd import, more quark inc. on tuesday introduced quarkxpress 6.5, a new version of their flagship desktop publishing software. new features have been added including the quarkvista image editing plug in, native multi layer photoshop file import and layer editing and an upgrade to the quarkxclusive xtensions module used for variable data publishing that's available only to mac os x users.
2			title			learn how to integrate cisco and unix network architectures site offer save 30 on thousands of other great titles
1			talk			rogers, microcell discuss takeover rogers wireless inc. is in talks with microcell telecommunications inc. about a possible takeover and has asked the competition watchdog to give its advance blessing just in case.
3			stock			stocks to hold up, but anxiety over drugs u.s. stocks should hold firm next week with little economic data or corporate news on tap to move the market going into the christmas holiday, strategists said.
4			cell	vendor			cell phone vendors to work on mobile tv a group of leading mobile phone vendors said friday sept. 10 they will work together to bring about widespread delivery of broadcast television to mobile devices.
1			president			nintendo boss slams psp as ds shipment target is raised sony 's forthcoming playstation portable handheld will fail to attract newcomers to gaming, according to nintendo president satoru iwata, whose comments come as shipment targets for the ds are raised once again.
4			technology			amazon to take searches on web to a new depth , the e commerce giant, plans to take aim at the internet search king google with an advanced technology that the company says will take searches beyond
4			speed	broadband			livewire: beep! beep! ultra fast broadband is here for rainer kinnunen, life has been a bit of a blur since he signed up for a superhigh speed internet service three years ago.
4			platform	good	software	vendor	mail	technology			software enables wireless push e mail e mail platform vendor visto said monday that it has released software that enables wireless operators to provide real time e mail service similar to that provided by good technology and research in motion 's blackberry platform.
4			user	software	microsoft	patch			microsoft to help users prep for patching microsoft corp. will give customers advance notice of its monthly security updates in an effort to help them prepare to install related software patches, the company announced thursday.
2			enemy	energy	supply	sport			lactic acid is a boon, not a bane it is common wisdom among runners and other sports enthusiasts that lactic acid is the enemy of endurance. the chemical is a byproduct of metabolism during periods of intense exercise, when oxygen supplies cannot keep up with energy output.
2			final	play	redskin	season	game	exhibition			redskins show some regular season plays in a way, the washington redskins didn't fight fair in their final exhibition game. they blitzed both cornerbacks on the first play and showed other blitzes and formations usually reserved for the regular season.
1			talk	airway			union votes to authorize strike if talks break down arlington, va. the union representing us airways reservation agents and other passenger service employees has voted to authorize a strike if it can 't negotiate a fair contract with the arlington based airline.
4			tool			ask jeeves hoping to outshine google hoping to emerge from the shadow of its more popular rivals, ask jeeves inc. is adding new tools for visitors to save and organize links to web pages they find through the company's online search engine.
2			minnesota	game	sport			center of attention: vikings birk battling through pain eden prairie, mn sports network minnesota vikings center matt birk is hampered with possibly another hernia and is expected to miss sunday 's game against the jacksonville jaguars.
4			microsoft	suite	tool	system	management	server			dell and microsoft to launch server management tools microsoft and dell are looking to merge their systems management server and openmanage suites to create a powerful, easy and cost effective server management solution.
4			generation	microsoft	software	developer	project	source			in the battle of the browsers '04, firefox aims at microsoft microsoft's browser dominates the web, but it is facing new competition from firefox, an open source project by a new generation of software developers.
3			share			sony buys mgm in $ 12 per share deal the associated press is reporting that film and television studio metro goldwyn mayer inc. has agreed to let itself be bought out by a consortium headed by sony.
4			system	holding			northwest, sabre tussle heats up a dispute between northwest airlines corp. and sabre holdings corp. intensified on wednesday as the airline sued sabre for changing the way it displays fares on its computerized reservation system.
4			linux	software	standard	source			all for one, says fsg san francisco based, free standards group, a nonprofit organization that develops and promotes open source software standards, announced the availability of the linux standard base lsb 2.0.
4			development	technology	version			mazda plans hybrid version of tribute suv using ford technology reuters. mazda intends to launch a hybrid suv using technology from ford, which owns 33.4 of the japanese automaker. through our partnership with ford, we are now proceeding with the development of a hybrid
4			database	suite	enterprise	collaboration	content			oracle expands beyond databases oracle announced the creation of oracle collaboration suite, a real time toolkit enabling enterprises to collaborate and manage content in whole new ways.
4			gate	magic	microsoft	tool	system	software			gates touts software 'magic' to cut complexity offering relief from managing complex, distributed systems, microsoft corp. chief software architect bill gates took the stage of the it forum in copenhagen tuesday to introduce a handful of tools and a hatful of promises.
4			user	desktop	system	collaboration	upgrade	software	reader	integration	application	source	standard	adobe	access	version			product previews adobe unveils acrobat 7.0 adobe systems has launched version 7.0 of its acrobat family of desktop applications. enhancements to the software allow users to leverage acrobat 7.0 and adobe pdf for processes such as assembling documents from multiple sources, creating forms, and secure collaboration. acrobat 7.0 tightens integration with adobe livecycle software for connecting document services with businesses processes. the integration allows acrobat 7.0 professional users to create xml and pdf forms that can be integrated into back end systems. also announced was adobe reader 7.0 client software, which facilitates reader users participation in document reviews and access to yahoo search functions. acrobat 7.0 professional is priced at 449; existing users can upgrade for 159. acrobat 7.0 standard is priced at 299; upgrades are priced at 99. acrobat 7.0, adobe systems
3			shareholder			delaware judge rejects settlement: oracle moves to replace ... delaware judge leo strine refused to remove peoplesofts poison pill and alter the shareholder rights plan in a hearing wednesday.
1			minister			brazil seeks airline debt payment plan the government will allow financially troubled airline vasp to continue operating for at least another six months if brazil's fourth largest airline comes up with a debt payment plan by friday, defense minister jose viegas said thursday.
4			linux	software	system	source			linux based palm os on chart the open source software linux is making a bigger dent in china 's ever galloping mobile phone market. us based palmsource, provider of palm os, a popular operating system powering
4			crm	microsoft	telephony	tool	system	software	use			cisco, microsoft merge ip telephony with crm cisco systems plans to offer a tool to help small and medium size businesses use microsoft crm software in combination with a cisco ip communication system.
3			chain			drugstore offers new wave of disposable cameras pharmacy chain cvs corp. cvs.n: quote, profile, research on thursday said it would offer the world 's first disposable digital camera with a bright color viewing screen that allows consumers to instantly preview pictures.
4			speed	download	ibm	technology	second	source			wireless data in a flash the technology promises download speeds of 1 to 1.5 mb per second, reaching peaks of up to 3.2 mbps. so far, cisco, ibm and nortel, all major sources of equipment to telecom service providers worldwide, have
2			play	tour			lpga on new terrain for california tourney i think it 's kind of fun to play new courses, she said. during the year we don 't get to see very many courses other than the ones we play on the tour.
4			use	generation			nokia demonstrates ipv6 phone nokia corp. on tuesday demonstrated the use of ipv6, the next generation internet protocol, on a handset. the finnish company demonstrated what it called the industry 's first mobile ipv6 call.
4			technology	price			infineon to plead guilty in memory chip case germany 's infineon technologies ag has agreed to plead guilty to charges of price fixing and pay a $ 160 million fine as part of a us investigation into the computer memory chip industry, us antitrust authorities said wednesday.
4			leader	software			peoplesoft fires ceo, clearing way for bid by oracle peoplesoft inc., the business software maker, unexpectedly fired craig conway, its chief executive, dumping the feisty leader who engineered the company 's dogged resistance to oracle corp.
4			gate	software	microsoft			burst attorney deposes microsoft chairman an attorney for a software company suing microsoft corp. for alleged anticompetitive behavior deposed bill gates last week and plans to ask a judge to make the testimony public.
2			season			virginia tech seeks luster against usc three straight late season stumbles have taken the luster off virginia tech. now the hokies are looking to get it back, and there's no better way to do that than to knock off no. 1 southern california.
1			peace	party	talk			talks to resume n. ireland peace collapses no agreement has been reached in the negotiation between northern ireland 's democratic unionist party, or dup and its rival sinn fein, to resume peace talks.
4			technology			symbol unveils new durable handheld device symbol technologies has brought out a durable device designed for mobile workers who dont need a fully ruggedised unit. the mc50 is equipped with integrated wireless wi fi and data capture options, including
2			football			blackburn move in on hughes the football association of wales have confirmed that they have received an approach for mark hughes from blackburn. wales manager hughes yesterday revealed, via his representative, that he is keen to return
3			investment			ex disney director: eisner had no choice former walt disney director robert am stern said the company made a wise investment when it fired michael ovitz in 1996 and paid his $ 140 million severance to end his 15 month tenure.
2			game			world of warcraft on november 23rd blizzard entertainment today announced that its eagerly awaited massively multiplayer online role playing game mmorpg world of warcraft will be in stores in north america on november 23, 2004.
2			player			jags turnaround has them in first place in afc south their are several reasons the jacksonville jaguars have gone from 1 6 at this time a year ago to their current 5 2 record, the answer given by most players is just one word: confidence.
2			raven	career			ravens ogden signs long term deal all pro left tackle jonathan ogden signed a new seven year contract thursday with the baltimore ravens. the deal should allow the seven time pro bowler to finish his career with the ravens.
2			game	award			'ultimate game' award for doom 3 doom 3 has blasted away the competition at a major games ceremony, the golden joystick awards.
3			share	investor	stock	exchange	good			analyst says new air canada a good short term buy, but be careful air canada shares go back up on the board of the toronto stock exchange on monday, as investors wonder if the airline will do any better than during its first 16 tumultuous years as a private sector corporation.
4			system	server	storage			sony pc boasts 1,000 gb of storage japan 's sony corp. will begin selling a computer and home server system in japan with 1,000 gigabytes of hard drive storage nough to record six tv channels for a week straight company said.
4			player	technology			apple rival creative to double mp3 player lines computer audio equipment maker creative technology ltd. said on thursday it would double its mp3 player product lines from its current eight by year end, stepping up competition for rivals such as apple computer inc.
4			generation			who was abused? the kids of the abuse hysteria generation have grown up. many are living with the fact that they were part of a big lie. some, like ed sampley, are now trying to make amends.
4			enterprise	system	upgrade	feature	storage			hitachi upgrades storage line hitachi data systems on tuesday announced a new enterprise storage lineup with new features such as a virtualization that allows customers to manage up to 32 petabytes pb of internal and external storage.
3			profit	sale			hynix sees q3 sales, profits slip sequentially hynix semiconductor inc. made a profit of 530 billion won about us $ 467 million on sales revenue of 1,542 billion won about us $ 1,359 million in the third quarter of 2004.
4			licensing	labour	system	software	computing			siebel enters motive alliance siebel systems is mounting an effort to alleviate a major hassle that comes with licensing its customer information systems the labour intensive task of tuning and tending to its software in complex computing environments.
1			debate	growth	country	finance	minister			g20 to debate on world economic growth finance ministers and central bankers of the group of 20 countries g20 kicked off a two day meeting here saturday to assess the current economic situation and global growth prospects.
1			party	country	election			botswana goes to polls people in botswana, where more than a third of the population is hiv positive, go to the polls today in elections that were expected to be dominated by the ruling party like every other vote since the southern african country gained independence
4			use	user	technology	copy			sony abandons copy protected cds sony is abandoning its copy protected cds that use built in technology to limit copying them. the cds allow users to copy their music once for free onto a personal computer, but use the internet to charge a fee for subsequent copies of the same disc.
4			software	management	storage			ca responsive on storage management computer associates on monday unveiled storage management software designed to help customers keep costs in line. the ca brightstor r11.
3			sale	reader			google launches new web site for readers, publishers leading web search engine google launched a new site for book lovers at the world's largest publishing show that will provide a new avenue for sales.
4			interview	sale	president	technology	developer			udo replacing mo faster than expected, says plasmon sales of udo ultra density optical discs and drives are going well and the format is replacing mo magneto optical technology faster than expected, the president of technology developer plasmon inc. said in a recent interview.
4			platform	microsystems	java	tiger	development	code	standard	project	version			sun serves strongest java flavor ever released sun microsystems today released java 2 platform standard edition j2se 5.0, code named project tiger. version 6.0 of the programming framework, codenamed mustang, has entered the development stage and is expected
4			processor	high	speed	server			photo: hewlett packard's integrity rx4640 server hewlett packard's integrity rx4640 server is available with intel's new itanium 2 processor, which has 9mb of high speed cache memory.
4			buying	tool	development	software	broadband	win	developer			cisco acquires software developer for $ 55 million firm says it's buying dynamicsoft and its sip based development tools to help win new business with broadband and wireless providers.
2			medal	round	sport			hamm holds on to olympic all round gold american gymnast paul hamm will keep his olympic all round gold medal after the court of arbitration for sport cas rejected thursday an appeal from south korea's yang tae young.
4			run	high	scientist	technology			extreme microchips take the heat japanese scientists say they have tackled one of the last frontiers of semiconductor technology, environments where electronic devices have to run at high power, in fierce heat or at lethal doses of radiation.
1			party	politics	nation			soft money, hard politics much of the nation 's media makes it seem as if soft money spending on campaign ads by the so called shadow parties is a republican thing.
4			content			selling advertising on your website selling advertising on your website the number of sites on the web today is almost infinite, with new ones popping up every day. there are multiple types of sites: portals, brochureware, content sites, directories, search engines, and ecommerce sites, to name a few. those that do not sell product or services ...
1			politics	opposition	bush			cia staff told to avoid politics us intelligence chief porter goss tells cia employees not to support opposition to the bush administration.
2			team			holdsclaw practices mystics forward chamique holdsclaw touched off more speculation thursday by practicing with the team a day after being placed on the injured list.
4			low	processor	card	design	use	integration			arm collaborates with philips on low power processor u.k. semiconductor design company arm ltd. is teaming with a division of koninklijke philips electronics nv to develop a self timed processor that promises low power consumption and easy integration for use in smart cards and consumer electronics.
4			longhorn	microsoft	system	file	technology	server			stripped down longhorn still offers gems even though microsoft corp. 's much anticipated longhorn has been stripped of its unified file system and some of its other key longhorn technologies will be available for windows xp and windows server 2003, the next
2			game			india weightlifter tests positive an indian weightlifter has tested positive for drugs before the start of the athens games, the international olympic committee has announced.
3			stock			chips help techs inch higher new wi fi chip from intel and a positive day for most bellwethers offset big loss at arm. new york cnn money news on a new chip from intel helped balance out an acquisition by arm that sent its stock reeling
3			shareholder	share			qrs spurns jda, chooses inovis qrs received five unsolicited offers throughout the summer, one from a shareholder of the company. but inovis won the deal with a $ 7 per share offer.
2			player			sony to support mp3 sony confirmed on wednesday that it is working to add native mp3 support to its portable music players a major strategy reversal that could help it compete more effectively with rivals such as apple computer.
3			user	good	buying			consumers flock to online shops online shops look set to have a good christmas as uk web users get the online buying habit.
4			user	suite	licensing			in brief: nextance launches intellectual property optimization suite nextance last week announced its intellectual property optimization suite, which enables users to manage valuable intellectual property ip assets and associated contractual agreements in order to more effectively optimize revenue and mitigate legal risk related to ip. nextance's ip optimization suite manages the entire lifecycle of ip assets and addresses such issues as underutilized ip assets, underpaid licensing and royalty revenue, unnecessary risks related to legal compliance, and sluggish time to market for new solutions that increasingly depend on ip. pricing starts at $ 500,000 and ranges to over $ 1,000,000 depending on the size of the organization and sophistication of the implementation.
4			user	networking	technology	ship	storage			iomega readies wireless storage device iomega will soon ship its first network attached storage device equipped with wireless networking technology. the product, dubbed the nas 100d, is targeted at small office and home office users looking for
4			user	cell			fcc: 8m wireless users keep cell numbers nearly 8 million mobile phone users have switched carriers and kept their cell numbers since a new rule allowing that flexibility went into effect one year ago, the federal communications commission disclosed tuesday.
4			user			trojan horse targets mobile phones a new trojan horse sends unauthorized spam to mobile phones via sms. called troj delf ha by security firm sophos, the malware has only infected a few users of a russian wireless network, but
2			championship	top	victory	player	sport			singh is first $ 10 million man palm harbor, fl sports network vijay singh, the top ranked player in the world, fired a six under 65 on sunday to cruise to victory at the chrysler championship.
4			system			rape acquittal criticized in venezuela prosecutors, lawmakers and rights activists criticized venezuela's judicial system for the acquittal of a man who had been accused of torturing and repeatedly raping a woman.
3			shareholder			black steps down at hollinger conrad black resigned as chairperson and chief executive of hollinger inc. yesterday at 10 am, just as a lawyer for a major shareholder began arguments in ontario court aimed at ejecting him and all but two of hollinger 's directors.
4			software			palmsource to buy china mobilesoft palmsource entered in an agreement with a major chinese mobile phone software company china mobilesoft limited cms to acquire its operations.
1			minister			lindh 's killer has jail term confirmed the confessed killer of swedish foreign minister anna lindh has had his life jail sentence confirmed by the supreme court after he appealed for leniency saying he was mentally ill when he stabbed her.
2			race	win			david davies gets swimming bronze australia 's grant hackett has won the 1500 metres freestyle at the athens olympics to become just the fourth man to win the race twice at the olympics.
2			coach	roddick	sport			roddick fires coach gilbert ponte vedra beach, fl sports network world no. 2 andy roddick fired coach brad gilbert this past weekend, just 1 1 2 years after forming a partnership.
2			play	game	team	season			tough road ahead one view of the terps' season reveals a team one play away from having two losses with eight games remaining that could be tougher than anyone had imagined.
3			good			current account gap widens to record the u.s. current account deficit widened slightly to a record $ 164.71 billion in the third quarter as the goods trade shortfall grew and the services surplus shrank, the government said on thursday.
2			football	holding	season			case of fumbles afflicts giants' barber not only are the new york giants in a tailspin that mirrors last season, tiki barber once again is finding it tough holding onto the football.
4			supercomputer	ibm	technology			ibm says its superfast supercomputer is no. 1 technology giant ibm will announce today that it has built the world 's most powerful supercomputer, surpassing the performance of a machine in yokohama, japan.
4			crisis	technology	identity			rsa predicts looming identity crisis a director of technology for security outfit rsa security has warned online customers are not authenticated enough and there needs to be moves towards toward a mandated identity policy.
4			patent	infringement	technology	price			court case looms over lcd patent in a move that could affect the future prices of many products using lcd technology, honeywell has announced that it has filed suit against 34 companies for alleged lcd related patent infringement.
2			champion	game			edwards banned from games world 100 metres champion torri edwards will miss the athens olympics after her appeal against a two year drugs ban was dismissed.
4			system	software	protection			nice paparazzi! this is a brilliant idea : where brilliant is stupid by wearing a specially designed electronic badge that jams electronic cameras, they will be able to prevent photographers from taking unwanted pictures. the privacy protection system being developed by hewlett packard will allow the publicity shy to transmit an infrared signal to any nearby compatible camera. once activated, the camera's software will automatically blur beyond recognition the face of anybody wearing the badge...
4			processor	amd	server	technology	core			amd demonstrates 90nm x86 dual core processor amd has been demonstrating the industrys first x86 dual core processor at its austin facilities on an hp proliant dl585 server powered by four dual core opteron processors manufactured on 90nm soi process technology, the company announced today.
4			system	secret			secrets of the co2 eaters unraveling the genetic map of diatoms microscopic sea creatures could pay big dividends in defending the world's ecological systems. by kristen philipkoski.
2			coach	football			willingham headed to washington the university of washington has named tyrone willingham its new head football coach. the school will have a press conference at 2 p.m. et monday to introduce him.
2			player			digital phishnet launched to combat phishing scams several major industry players and law enforcement agencies are collaborating in a new effort to respond to the rapidly growing phishing problem.
4			tool			yahoo tests personal search yahoo became the latest search engine to try its hand at personalized search, unveiling tools tuesday that let searchers save and edit search results.
2			good	sport			nascar lifts liquor sponsorships undated nascar has lifted its ban on hard liquor ads on cars, easing restrictions aimed at cleaning up the image of a sport that traces its roots to good ol boys running moonshine through the hills of georgia and the carolinas.
4			user	standard	management			users: information life cycle management standards needed it managers at this week's ilm solutions conference said information life cycle strategies are still a work in progress.
4			human	system	upgrade	virus	technology			virus warning: cyborgs at risk humans will upgrade their nervous systems with technology, a professor predicts and then they'll be open to computer viruses.
4			supply	technology			blue ray mass market move singulus technologies will begin selling machines for mass producing read only blu ray discs next year. german firm, singulus, will supply machines that make the discs, called bd roms, by
2			creator	title	play	win	game			half life 2 maker wins legal case the creator of half life 2, valve, has won a legal fight to stop vivendi distributing its titles to cyber cafes. the ruling bars vivendi distributing games such as half life 2 and counter strike to these pay for play venues.
4			system	microsoft	version			microsoft's backup plan microsoft corp. officials said monday that the company has spent millions of dollars preparing a version of its windows operating system without a program for playing digital music and videos, in the event it loses its bid to postpone antitrust sanctions ordered by european authorities.
2			game	club			women are making inroads in video game industry jennifer canada knew she was entering a boy's club when she enrolled in southern methodist university's guildhall school of video game making. there's one woman besides canada; the other 98 students were all guys. she jokes the ratio may be great for dating, but she sometimes got lonely.
3			sale			regional grocer pathmark posts a loss regional grocer pathmark stores inc. ptmk on thursday reported a quarterly loss and warned that it was in danger of breaching some debt covenants by the end of the current quarter as it grapples with weaker sales and rising costs.
4			game	technology			she loves you; well, virtually hong kong based phone technology firm, artificial life, has announced the upcoming release of its new 3g game virtual girlfriend. virtual girlfriend is a mobile phone game that is based on intelligent animated
4			window	desktop	linux	software	vendor	developer	application			lycoris 1.4 integrates windows apps support running windows applications on a linux desktop has become a little easier with the release of powerpak 1.4 by linux vendor lycoris. following a deal with software developer codeweavers in june, window to linux software has been integrated with lycoris ...
4			terrorism	technology			brits, french, germans give iran 'last chance' in terrorism and security daily update: europeans offer nuclear technology if tehran ends uranium enrichment efforts.
4			red	experiment	technology			va. panel kills bills to keep red light cameras the house committee let bills that would have allowed some virginia communities to keep red light cameras at intersections die on monday, jeopardizing the state's decade long experiment with the technology.
4			file	technology			senate postpones vote on file swapping bill com september 30, 2004, 9:28 am pt. there 's no doubt the internet will continue to make its mark in the world of business and technology.
1			leader	politics	minister	finance	party	difference	president			sarkozy charts course as new party leader paris in a move that could change the face of french politics, nicolas sarkozy, the popular finance minister whose personal and ideological differences with president jacques chirac are well known, took over the helm of the governing center right party on
2			award	sport			o connor snubbed in texaco awards irish olympic gold medallist cian o connor has been snubbed by the organisers of the 2004 irish texaco sport stars awards. despite winning olympic gold, o connor has been ignored in the prestigious awards.
4			region	technology	second			infineon to invest in asian plant infineon technologies, the second largest chip maker in europe, said wednesday that it planned to invest about $ 1 billion in a new factory in malaysia to expand its automotive chip business and be closer to customers in the region.
2			game	match	second			test discard macgill puts skids under new zealand australia test discard stuart macgill completed match figures of 8 109 on saturday as new zealand 's batting line up collapsed against new south wales for a second time in their only warm up game for next week 's first test in
4			use	high	technology			high tech hearing bypasses ears new consumer devices use bone conduction technology to produce sound by vibrating the bones around the hearer's ear, so the sound is all in your head. by laila weir.
4			design	mini			apple unveils new mini stores at a private viewing at stanford shopping center in palo alto, calif., apple computer inc. today unveiled a new 750 square foot mini design for its retail store.
1			difference	surface	election			old divisions resurface the ukrainian presidential election and its aftermath have been marked by propaganda that is exposing old fractures in the former soviet republic. differences that are broadly defined by an east west divide are bursting to the surface.
4			networking			viewsonic delves into video networking send your video throughout your house wirelessly with new gateways and media adapters.
4			system	networking	technology	second			cisco systems to buy dynamicsoft networking giant cisco systems inc. said monday it agreed to buy internet technology firm dynamicsoft for $ 51.2 million, marking the second acquisition announced by the company in as many weeks.
1			leader	democrat	party	election			democrats must do more for hispanic votes the democratic party has neglected hispanic voters for a decade and risks severe election losses unless it changes course, hispanic lawmakers wrote party leaders thursday.
4			development	pas	technology	access			tech groups push for r d credit, internet tax ban washington with the u.s. congress winding down its work for 2004, technology lobbying groups are stepping up their push for lawmakers to pass several pieces of legislation, including extensions to a research and development r d tax credit and an internet access tax moratorium.
2			stadium	baseball			expos move given conditional approval baseball owners took another step toward moving the montreal expos to washington next year, giving conditional approval friday but hinging their decision on the september agreement that did not cap the cost of a new stadium.
4			user	tool	microsoft			microsoft unveils new blog tools microsoft on wednesday unveiled a new set of web based services allowing users of its msn service to publish and track each other 's blogs.
1			president			philips chip chief to take over at broadcom broadcom corp. on tuesday announced that scott mcgregor, chief of philips chip division, will become its new president and ceo.
3			retailer			kb toys announces store closings toy retailer kb toys inc. will close 141 to 238 underperforming stores by jan. 31, 2005, possibly including its store in citrus heights.
4			patent	speed	share	license	technology	development	border			sony and samsung to cross license patents sony corp. and samsung electronics said on tuesday they had agreed to share patents on basic technology to speed up product development and avoid adding to a growing number of cross border patent disputes.
3			finance			court seeks probe into hollinger 's fin transactions vancouver: an ontario judge added another wrinkle to the controversy enveloping hollinger and press baron conrad black, ordering a probe into the firms byzantine finances.
3			retailer	share			lowe 's income up the mooresville, nc based retailer posted net income of $ 522 million, or 66 cents a share, compared with $ 452 million, or 55 cents a share, a year earlier.
2			game	season			nintendo, sony try to kindle demand ahead of holidays nintendo co. and sony corp. made separate product unveilings yesterday that the video game giants hope will attract more customers ahead of the highly competitive holiday shopping season.
4			party	technology			which candidates do tech companies support? technology employees are donating slightly more money to the republican party.
4			silicon			store trots out treo palmone's new silicon valley store focuses exclusively on the treo family of smart phones. br photo: palmone's treo 650
2			football	patriot	play	good	coach			hitting back why does patriots safety rodney harrison, a thoughtful, good natured person off the field, play football with enough ferocity and virulence to make you wonder whether he got a hold of dr. jekyll's formula? blame the people in his life coaches, opponents, college recruiters who he felt needed convincing that he was not meant to fit their concept of ...
1			relation			japan risks damaging china relations with lee visa the decision, which prompted an immediate protest from beijing, was the latest sign that japan is hardening its diplomatic stance towards china.
2			football			zidane enjoying new found freedom former france playmaker zinedine zidane has been making the most of his new found freedom since retiring from international football.
4			symantec	team	mail	technology			messagelabs, symantec team on antispam service symantec technology will help messagelabs offer better e mail filtering, the companies say.
4			server			intel developing optical connect for laptops, servers optical links will be cheaper, quieter, and smaller than copper ribbons, company says.
4			system			egypt's mufti approves synchronized call to prayer egypt's highest authority on islamic law endorsed saturday a controversial government plan to synchronize the call to prayer in cairo's mosques and put an end to the present haphazard system based on the timekeeping of each individual establishment.
2			atlanta	diego	sport			sports: falcons 21 chargers 20 atlanta san diego led 17 to 7 in the fourth quarter when michael vick, whose rights were traded by the chargers to atlanta in 2001, got rolling.
2			opener	game	championship	ncaa			valdosta on a roll since loss in opener the valdosta state blazers nearly didn 't get to the ncaa division ii national championship game against pittsburg state in alabama.
1			crisis	country	president			rp will never default on debts, arroyo vows philippine president arroyo vowed tuesday the country will never default on its debt repayments, as she found herself embroiled in a public row with key economic advisers following her declaration that manila was in a fiscal crisis .
2			medal	race			deakes agony as curse strikes jane saville was the first person to reach fellow australian heartbreak walker nathan deakes when he was disqualified with a medal in sight in the olympic 50km race yesterday.
4			system	enterprise			sap launches security service sap ag on wednesday unveiled a service that evaluates security settings across a customer 's sap enterprise system. sap security optimization helps customers identify and fix vulnerabilities
4			switch			at settles land rights suit linking internet age with 1850s hundreds of massachusetts homeowners and businesses could soon start getting $ 100 and $ 200 checks from at corp. but it's not an enticement to switch long distance service.
4			supercomputer	technology			the supercomputer that fits into a screen just two inches thin they used to fill entire floors of buildings and were so costly only governments or large companies could afford them. yesterday, apple computer showed just how far technology
2			good	game	win			raiders making progress in new defense after one win, defensive end bobby hamilton made the bold prediction that oakland's new defense is good enough to get 12 sacks in a game.
2			league	point	game	title			thursday 's preview points: though louisville is just reaching the midpoint in its conference usa schedule, this might be the toughest remaining road game in its quest for the league title.
2			sport			chrysler recall possible federal safety regulators have asked the carmaker to recall durango sport utility vehicles and dakota pickups in the model years 2000 to 2003.
2			franchise	win			bobcats nail down franchise's first win gerald wallace slid face first off the court after a hard foul, popped back up and looked at the scoreboard. he wasn't seeing things the charlotte bobcats really were on their way to the first win in franchise history.
4			speed	nasa	ocean	technology			nasa launches hypersonic 'scramjet' an unmanned nasa jet was launched over the pacific ocean on tuesday in a bid to demonstrate a radical new engine technology by flying at a world record 7,000 mph almost 10 times the speed of sound.
2			play	game	mike			hokies' imoh is ailing virginia tech tailback mike imoh won't practice this week because of a strained hamstring and a bout of the flu and is questionable to play in saturday's game against virginia.
4			microsoft	software	technology	use	movie	access			photo 1 of 8: microsoft's new media center push software maker heads to la to show off a host of gadgets that use one or another microsoft technology to access movies, music and video.
4			military	profit	technology			military buoys profit at defense firms robust demand for military equipment and technology led four us defense companies to post higher quarterly profit on wednesday, with jet maker boeing co.
3			earnings			suntrust to restate earnings suntrust banks inc. will restate its earnings for the first two quarters of the year after discovering errors in how it sets aside money to cover problem loans.
4			standard	java	software	feature			nokia, vodafone tie up for java apps this step towards easy portability of software from one java enabled mobile device to another, which is currently not the case because there is no standard specification, would ultimately provide mobile customers with a wide choice of feature rich java
4			ibm	software	application	server			ibm launches websphere 6 ibm today announced that websphere 6, the long awaited update to its application server software, will be available by the end of the year.
4			developer	project	alternative			custom made in china custom designed imported furniture was once an exclusive realm. now, it's the economical alternative for commercial developers and designers needing everything from seats to beds to desks for their projects.
1			party	election			centre right take power in slovenia it was a major surprise: after 12 years at the head of the slovenian government, the left wingers will be giving their place up to the right wing parties after the confirmation of the election results of sunday 3 october.
2			race			disney chief to leave, setting off race for job michael d. eisner, who has spent much of the last year fending off challenges to his two decade reign at the walt disney company, has announced
2			final	game	holding			case closes out melrose in five up two games to none and holding a 15 11 lead over melrose in game 3, case seemed assured of making another trip to the division 2 state volleyball finals.
1			corruption	party			china's new wealth clashes with party boss influence quiet efforts are afoot in the southern city of shenzhen to thwart corruption by professionalizing the civil service.
2			stadium	drink	club	sport			coke, rivals betting on flavored water since the 1990s, bottled water has become a fixture in american health clubs, offices and sports stadiums, emerging as one of the most popular and fast growing drinks on the market.
4			microsoft	software	patch	application	flaw			microsoft issues security patches to fix 21 flaws microsoft corp., world 's largest software maker, published numerous patches to fix 21 flaws in its software applications yesterday.
2			play	final	game	club			khan unfazed by mind games an old timer is trying to play mind games with the 17 year old who has gone from bolton lads and girls club to today 's lightweight olympic boxing final.
2			team			industry doubts boeing, lockheed launch team viable facing increasing budget pressures, the us air force is considering asking rivals boeing co. ba.n: quote, profile, research and lockheed martin corp.
3			value	share			warner chilcott gets 1.5 bln stg bid approach northern irish drug maker warner chilcott plc has received a bid approach worth 837 pence per share which values the company at 1.53 billion pounds $ 2.
3			profit	sale			sony ericsson sees profits triple japanese swedish mobile phone maker sony ericsson reports a tripling of its third quarter profit, driven by sales of new camera phones.
2			championship	race	win	season			mladin notches seventh superbike win australian mat mladin claimed his seventh win of the season today in the opening race of the us superbike championship double header in georgia.
4			system	networking	second	storage	switch			snw 04: 4 gbps fc products step it up a notch brocade communications systems inc. unveiled its 4 gigabits per second gbps fibre channel fc switch family at storage networking world on monday, a stop gap
3			management	earnings			suntrust shakes up management suntrust banks, the seventh largest us bank, yesterday overhauled its management weeks after it restated earnings and fired three executives because of accounting errors.
4			application			macromedia releases flex builder when macromedia 's flex was released, the company noted that it reflected the emergence of a push toward services oriented architectures soas , which resulted in applications that are
2			brave	game			harland 's brave display modern pentathlon was devised by the founder of the modern games, baron pierre de coubertin, as the ultimate test of the ideal, complete athlete .
4			bug	tool	software	vendor	code			former cybersecurity czar: code checking tools needed software vendors need automated tools that look for bugs in their code, but it may be a decade before many of those tools are mature and widely used, said the former director of cybersecurity for the u.s. department of homeland security dhs .
2			coach	team			nz withstands welsh passion the all blacks coach was also correct when he said wales were a team worthy of respect. whether he showed enough with his team selection is debatable but what is beyond dispute is that
4			software	management	version			ca outlines unicenter efforts computer associates international plans to launch an upgraded version of its unicenter management software just before the summer of 2005, ken cron, ca 's interim ceo, said tuesday.
3			retailer			tracking rfid it's everywhere roundupthere's no question retailers love rfid. but will problems of privacy and unreliability prove to be too great?
4			point	rating	software	technology	price			larger customer deals to boost check point prudential equity group maintained an overweight rating and a $ 26 target price for check point software technologies nasdaq: chkp news people . the company suggested that although interspect might
2			death	sport			new wave of croakers wash ashore in va. thousands of croakers have washed ashore at beaches in recent days, the latest mass deaths of the popular sport and food fish.
4			upgrade	application	storage			ca bundles storage apps officials at computer associates international inc. are trying to upgrade their image in the storage market with a bundled solution that contains many applications that were previously available individually
3			vendor	holding			security firms merge to form cybertrust a new managed security behemoth has been created by the merger of three security vendors. betrusted holdings, trusecure corporation and ubizen a subsidiary of betrusted will amalgamate and form a new company, known as cybertrust.
4			software	spyware			ftc sues alleged spyware distributors the us federal trade commission last week filed a legal complaint against two companies that allegedly infected computers with spyware and pop up advertising, then tried to sell their owners spyware blocking software.
3			export	sale			us, eu trade blows on aircraft subsidies 10 07 04 whatever meager goodwill was gained by the move yesterday albeit tardy by congress to act on the contentious foreign sales corporation extraterritorial income act fsc eti export tax mechanism has
4			skype	microsoft	telephony	system	software	technology	version			skype for pocket pc takes to the air consumer internet telephony firm skype technologies has unveiled a version of its software which supports handhelds running microsoft 's pocket pc operating system.
4			processor			palmone updates the treo smart phone palmone inc. 's long awaited update to the treo 600 will come with a new processor, sharper display and flash memory, as the company continues to improve its flagship product.
4			tool	standard	microsoft	development			microsoft extends visual studio line microsoft quote, chart announced another entry in its line of .net development tools, adding visual studio 2005 standard edition to the mix.
2			coach			flames coach sutter undergoes appendectomy calgary flames head coach darryl sutter underwent an emergency appendectomy and is expected to make a full recovery.
2			team			arctic people seek tropical team on global warming arctic peoples aim to team up with tropical islanders in a campaign against global warming, arguing that polar bears and palm fringed beaches stand to suffer most.
4			hardware	design	system	tour	president			joswiak: true to what an imac has always been about after apple unveiled the imac g5 in paris this week, vice president of hardware product marketing greg joswiak gave macworld editors a guided tour of the desktop's new design. among the topics of conversation: the imac's cooling system, why pre installed bluetooth functionality and firewire 800 were left out, and how this new model fits in with apple's objectives.
4			user	attack	microsoft	system	software			microsoft offers amnesty program to pirated winxp users microsoft corp. is staging another attack against software pirates with an amnesty program for unwitting users of bootlegged copies of its windows xp operating system os .
4			amd	ibm	technology	use	silicon			ibm, amd develop new use of strained silicon ibm and advanced micro devices amd have jointly developed a new method for implementing strained silicon technology on both positive and negative transistors, the companies are expected to announce monday.
1			election			the threat at home european elites, like american elites, are having trouble understanding the recent american elections. how can 59,054,087 people be so dumb?
4			software	microsoft			hearing set after microsoft rivals quit the judge considering microsoft corp.'s appeal against european union sanctions has called a closed meeting for thursday to decide what action to take after two more major opponents of the u.s. software giant withdrew from the case.
4			software			eu clears oracle peoplesoft the approval after a year long investigation clears the path for more software industry mergers.
1			leader	parliament	top	election	talk	crisis	opposition			parliament, court yet to defuse ukraine crisis a top ukrainian opposition leader, quoted by interfax ukraine news agency, said supporters of presidential candidate viktor yushchenko had withdrawn from talks on last week's disputed election.
3			share			firefox keeps slicing into ie 's share firefox 's share of the us browser market grew by more than a third in the last month. firefox 's share of the us browser market grew by more than a third in the last month, a web metrics firm said monday.
3			buying	share			cendant buying orbitz for $ 27.50 a share cendant cd:nyse sewed up a $ 1.25 billion acquisition of online travel giant orbitz orbz:nasdaq , igniting another surge in shares of the airline owned travel site.
4			processor	software			vmware aims for four processor abilities software that lets computers split into virtual machines will create more powerful subdivisions.
1			regime	prime	relation	minister			haiti: a brutal regime shows its colors on october 9, the caribbean community caricom voted once again to postpone the resumption of normal relations with the washington installed haitian government of prime minister gerard latortue, citing the latter 's campaign of persecution against ousted
2			play	game			women take a shine to video games the makers of video games need acknowledge that women like to buy and play games, says a study.
2			talk	game			nextel and sprint: new partners? the cellular telephone industry 's game of musical chairs has started again, and the music may soon stop with one less chair. nextel communications is in advanced talks to merge with sprint, according to executives involved in the negotiations.
4			patent	infringement	technology			honeywell sues apple, 33 others over lcd patent honeywell on wednesday announced that it has filed suit against apple and 33 other companies for alleged patent infringement over a technology that increases the brightness of images and that reduces the appearance of certain interference effects on a liquid crystal display lcd , according to a statement released today.
2			player	game			game boy add on video is limiting a pair of new add ons for nintendo co.'s game boy advance turn the handheld into something considerably more than a gaming machine a video phone and a video player. as long as you bear in mind that you're dealing with a toy, you might not be too bothered by the less than stellar quality.
2			semifinal	team	hockey	cup	game			mckenzie: give the czechs credit there 's little question that the czechs were the better team in their world cup of hockey semifinal game against canada on saturday.
3			enterprise	access			ipass partners with connexion by boeing redwood shores, access provider ipass inc. has tightened its grip on the business traveler market with a newly announced partnership with connexion by boeing that will give ipass enterprise
4			war	microsoft	technology	source			technology ; mozilla 's firefox renews browser war technology news, a new front has been opened in the long dormant browser war, with an open source program called firefox aiming to challenge microsoft 's dominant internet explorer.
3			stock			gateway will buy back stock from america online computer maker gateway inc. said tuesday that it had agreed to repurchase stock held by america online inc.
4			ibm	technology			jpmorgan chase and ibm announce changes to technology ... business wire ept. 15, 2004 organ chase co. nyse: jpm and ibm today announced jpmorgan chases plans to reintegrate the previously outsourced portions of its technology
4			standard	generation			cingular to roll out 3g network cingular wireless will leverage the additional spectrum it gained through the acquisition of at wireless to deploy a third generation wireless data network based on the global umts standard.
1			leader	run	election	reform	president	opposition			ukraine leader rejects election reform demands ukraine's outgoing president leonid kuchma monday rejected reform of the country's election laws on terms set by the opposition ahead of a re run of the ex soviet state's rigged vote later this month.
2			baseball	title			nintendo drafts namco for mario baseball nintendo 's pairing with namco is starting to bear some ripe fruit, with donkey konga about to see its third entry and star fox armada taking shape into an impressive 2005 title.
2			source	sport			puffins return to scottish island famous for curling stones for the first time in nearly a half century, puffins are returning to ailsa craig. the scottish island is already well known in the sport of curling as world's the best source of curling stones.
2			football	champion	cavalier	top	country			cavaliers move up to no. 6 in football polls entering a road contest on saturday against defending acc champion florida state, the cavaliers are ranked in the top 10 in the country in seven different categories.
4			software			here's the deal strategic software acquisition should mark the beginning of a beautiful relationship. but in today's bi market, contract negotiations involve sorting through complex pricing options, maintenance fees, and more. sage advice will help you become a smarter bi buyer.
4			microsoft	technology	lawsuit			sendo, microsoft settle lawsuits two year legal dispute over smart phone technology comes to an end.
4			design	engineer	technology	project			intel acquires chip designers from hp intel corp. has reached an agreement to hire hundreds of hewlett packard co. engineers who helped design the itanium microprocessor, a massive joint project between the two technology companies since the early 1990s.
3			management			vic koalas to go on the pill victorian environment officers are about to embark on an ambitious campaign, implanting contraceptives in 2,000 koalas. the new koala management strategy is designed to protect the koalas and their environment.
4			tool	ibm	speed	development			ibm readying tools for smb ibm on wednesday announced the pre release of several tools for smbs small and midsize businesses designed to speed development of solutions built on ibm middleware.
3			trading			ubs reportedly to buy schwab units ubs ag is expected to buy charles schwab corp.'s institutional research and trading unit for $ 265 million, the wall street journal said monday, citing unnamed people familiar with the matter.
4			minister	country	technology	access			jamaica to provide free internet access jamaica's government on tuesday announced a $ 5 million program to provide free internet access in poor communities across the island. the e jamaica initiative will establish 60 internet centers across the country by 2010, mostly in post offices, said commerce and technology minister phillip paulwell...
3			fund	sale			sold! to the man at the back in the stetson arnold schwarzenegger, the governor of california, has devised a novel way of raising funds for the cash strapped state a giant car boot sale.
3			share			computershare shares soar computershare ltd shares have soared after its acquisition of leading american registry group equiserve which pushed the melbourne based company onto the world stage.
2			winner	cup	classic	race			funny cide pre entered for breeders' cup the 4 million breeders' cup classic is shaping up as a doozy of a race even without kentucky derby and preakness winner smarty jones.
4			software	mail	developer			mcafee launches managed e mail security service mcafee has launched a new service that enables small and mid size firms to outsource their e mail security to the u.s. antivirus software developer.
1			leader	president	election			leader offers fresh election for ukrainians government unity seemed to crumble as the president proposed a new election and the supreme court heard complaints of fraud.
1			talk	airway			us airways, pilots at impasse talks between us airways group and the union representing pilots have broken down, the air line pilots association said monday.
4			exchange	british	technology			eu, iran to meet again on nuclear offer french, british and german officials are due to meet iranian negotiators on wednesday to discuss a european proposal that tehran scrap its uranium enrichment program in exchange for nuclear technology.
3			sale			woolworths sees $ a3.5b per year liquor sales sydney: australia 's biggest supermarket operator woolworths ltd said yesterday it sees its liquor sales this financial year rising to $ a3.5 billion, including its recent acquisition in queensland, from $ a2.1 billion in fiscal 2004.
1			reform			in visits, janey charts reforms more than two weeks remain before clifford b. janey takes over the district 's public schools, but there he was on a recent evening, sitting before a group of residents who were complaining about
4			vendor	cell	infrastructure			spec released for cell wlan handoffs a group of major wireless operators, device and infrastructure vendors tuesday released a proposed specification that the group claims will enable devices to seamlessly transition between cellular and wireless data networks.
4			standard			four studios give backing to a format for dvd 's a group of companies led by the toshiba corporation made a major advance in the effort to define a new dvd standard as paramount and three other hollywood studios announced on
2			game	master			let the handheld games begin it 's the fight computer gamers have been waiting for. but the latest duel between wise old master nintendo and challenger sony is not taking place on a tv screen.
3			management			creative unveils 5gb zen micro the compact, 5gb unit will outshine all the others , the company said, with it 12 hour battery life, fm radio with 32 station pre sets, voice recorder and pda style personal information management functionality.
3			ipo	stock	share			google ipo priced at $ 85 a share internet search engine google has announced it will go public at $ 85 a share, paving the way for the widely awaited but troubled stock offering to finally stumble to market on thursday.
4			integration			bank of america reveals plans to lay off 4,500 bank of america said thursday it will layoff 4,500 employees as part of the companys ongoing integration of fleetboston financial.
3			profit	gain	stock	sale			yahoo profit surges on sales of ads, google stock yahoo inc. reported yesterday that its profit more than tripled in the third quarter as the internet service recorded substantial increases in advertising and a giant gain from the sale of part of its stake in rival google inc.
4			software			new steganos pro: less anonymity than expected in some instances, this privacy software may tell you that you're protected when you aren't.
4			technology			samsung electronics unveils 1st camera phone with hard disk drive seoul, dec. 2 asia pulse south korean technology giant samsung electronics co. kse:005930 on thursday introduced the world 's first camera phone with a 1.5 gigabyte hard disk drive that can store as many as 1,000 photos.
2			title	soccer	nation	team	coach	game	argentina			bielsa quits as argentina soccer coach weeks after olympic gold marcelo bielsa quit as coach of argentina 's soccer team less then three weeks after guiding it to the nation 's first olympic title in 52 years at the athens games.
3			ipo	investment	sale	share			lazard set to discuss $ 3 billion ipo lazard 's board is set to meet to consider a sale of shares to the public that could end a long history of private ownership at the independent investment bank and possibly buy out the bank 's founding family.
3			growth	sale			consumers seen as drivers of longer term semi growth global semiconductor sales are expected to be flat in 2005, below previous forecasts, and growth won 't reach double digits again until 2007, a trade group said late wednesday.
4			hit	patent	technology			apple, dell hit by lcd patent suit dell computer quote, chart , nokia quote, chart and apple computer quote, chart are among 34 companies manufacturing giant honeywell quote, chart has filed suit against, charging they infringed its patent on liquid crystal display technology lcd .
4			producer	slowdown	technology			tsmc shows signs of tech sector slowdown taiwan semiconductor manufacturing co., the world 's biggest producer of custom made chips, on thursday reported record breaking revenue for the third quarter, but signaled that the global technology sector might be heading for a slowdown in the fourth
4			user			hp unveils inkjet and laser printers at techxny this week, hewlett packard reminded business users that it is still an active innovator in printers and imaging devices.
4			technology			poll: antiterror tech plans are flawed u.s. government isn't doing enough with technology to improve homeland security, a cnet interactive poll finds.
4			percent	system	technology	price			drug ordering systems get a boost nearly 70 percent of massachusetts hospitals have failed to install special computer systems for ordering drugs for patients, mostly because they carry big price tags. but a new report from the massachusetts technology collaborative says the state's hospitals would end up saving money if they install these sophisticated systems to reduce medical errors.
2			owen	race	sport			controversy surrounding owens mnf promo touches deep social ... i should ve known this latest terrell owens story wouldn 't have vanished quickly. it involves sex, money, sports and, most critically, race.
2			play			badgers lose rb smith to heart disorder wisconsin running back dwayne smith will not play for the badgers again because of a recently discovered heart disorder.
4			tool	talk			using x ray vision, he keeps his eye on the bacteria dr. c. erec stebbins talks about using a nearly 100 year old investigative tool to identify the bacterial proteins that cause disease.
1			rebel	party	war	talk	president			museveni rejects war mediation uganda's president yoweri museveni says attempts to hold third party talks with lra rebels are a waste of time.
4			design	system			tech services jobs keep rising the u.s. economy added another 6,900 jobs in computer systems design and related services in october, but tech manufacturing posts fell again.
3			investor	growth	fund			long short funds have uneven record at a time when rapid growth in hedge funds might suggest that their mutual fund counterparts long short funds would also prove popular, few investors seem to have much appetite for mutual funds they can sell short.
2			basketball	tournament	team	coach	game			u.s. coach larry brown won't make changes same starting lineup, same subs, same tactics. the u.s. basketball team may be an unimpressive 1 1 in the olympic tournament, but coach larry brown won't do any tinkering for thursday's game against australia.
4			use	software			lycos offers revenge for the spammed lycos make love, not spam screensaver targets sites on secure international blacklists. we cannot use this software to bring the spammers sites down entirely, as that would be illegal, says malte pollman of lycos europe.
4			ibm	developer	application	computing	version			ibm improves on autonomic toolkit ibm on friday gave its autonomic computing strategy is boost unwrapping an enhanced version of a toolkit designed to help developers more quickly integrate a number of self managing functions into their existing applications and services.
4			feature	technology			google creates searchable book library amazon already has book searching technology and last month launched , a subsidiary that adds personalization features to search results.
4			cell	technology	fuel			new technology powers fuel cells smaller, cheaper, more robust notebook fuel cells could be available in 2006.
1			leader	election	opposition			doctors probe: was yushchenko poisoned? poisoning remains one of the possibilities behind ukrainian opposition leader viktor yushchenko's illness during election campaigning, medical experts investigating his ailments said on wednesday.
4			outsourcing	ibm	technology	morgan			j.p. morgan takes on workers as ibm outsourcing deal ends undoing a technology outsourcing deal set in late 2002, j.p. morgan chase yesterday said it would take back 4,000 of ibm's employees who have been providing the wall street firm with an array of technology support services.
4			software			apple intros logic pro 7, logic express 7, jam packs apple on wednesday announced logic pro 7 and logic express 7, the newest major releases of the company 's pro music creation and audio production software.
2			player			first look: skip gateway's mp3 photo jukebox color display and photo support can't save oddly designed player.
4			hall	system	networking	technology	win			rivals: cisco's tactics unfair cisco systems' substantial influence over the 8 million technology plan for san jose's new city hall reflects a deliberate strategy by the networking giant: get involved in the planning process early to win more business down the road.
4			suite	enterprise	ship	application	version			oracle sets nov. 8 date for applications suite release oracle corp. plans to finally ship the next version of its e business suite of enterprise applications on monday nov. 8, company executives said thursday.
3			retailer			philips begins making pcs again after ten year hiatus dutch electronics firm philips has joined forces with uk electrical retailer dixons group to launch philips freeline, a range of home entertainment personal computers in europe.
1			cabinet	election	minister	party	prime			factbox profiles of key figures in new irish cabinet ireland 's taoiseach prime minister bertie ahern has shuffled his cabinet to re energise his party after a poor showing in local and european elections earlier this year.
3			supply	chain	enterprise	value	management			rfid deadlines intensify need to manage product information enterprises face dual 2005 deadlines relating to rfid and supply chain data synchronization. those that haven 't moved forward with a product information management strategy will be under prepared to realize rfid 's value.
4			integration	standard			intel, symbian to define 3g smart phone 'standard' from wintel to symtel, horizontal integration coming to handsets
4			application	suite	version			netscape 7.2 released netscape communications yesterday released netscape 7.2, which is based on version 1.7 of mozilla, the most recent version of the mozilla internet application suite.
2			jeff	coach	game	team			speculation about tedford dominates big game buildup it 's big game week in the bay area, and jeff tedford has dominated the headlines. the california coach preaches a team first dogma, so he probably wasn 't happy that speculation about his future swamped the pregame coverage.
2			golf	sport			singh: golf is all i know as a youngster in fiji, vijay singh tried many sports, but golf was the one that captured is imagination and led him on a journey that reached a peak this week when he became the no.
4			saint	technology			digital hospital showcases ge healthcare technologies by building one of the world 's first all digital cardiac care facilities, saint francis heart hospital hopes to provide patients with better care while helping doctors and other medical staff offer more effective treatments.
3			stock			abbott agrees to buy nutrition firm eas for $ 320mn new york, october 11 abbott laboratories has reached a definitive agreement to acquire a leading us based nutrition products company, eas, in a cash and stock deal valued at about $ 320 million.
4			system	software	microsoft	british			pirate for genuine xp trade british owners of pirated copies of microsoft 's windows xp operating system can trade them in for the real thing as part of a bid by the software giant to fight counterfeiting.
4			ibm	talk	technology			ibm: do we have a deal? china 's biggest computer maker said it is in acquisition talks with a major international technology company, a disclosure that comes amid reports it might buy ibm 's personal computer business.
3			investor	fund	trading			update 4: invesco, aim advisors settle for $ 376.5m invesco funds group and its sister company agreed tuesday to pay $ 376.5 million and surrender another $ 75 million in fees to settle allegations of improper trading, a deal that will send nearly all the money to investors harmed by the practice.
1			democrat			kerry's mention of cheney's gay daughter sparks sharp reaction republicans raised questions about john kerry's motives; democrats countered that the g.o.p. was throwing up a smokescreen.
4			content			capturing your personal web forget bookmarks: web content managers allow you to create your own personal, searchable cache of web pages.
4			technology			intel hopes to help build internet of the future intel 's chief technology officer, pat gelsinger, implied that the internet needs upgrading, and his company is ready to assist.
4			desktop	supply	microsoft	system	software			microsoft signs $ 920m nhs software deal microsoft corp has signed a new 500m pound $ 920m contract to supply a desktop operating system and software to the uk 's national health service, including provisions to develop a tailored interface for clinical systems.
3			sale	town			us presley festival under threat poor ticket sales are threatening the future of the annual elvis presley festival in the late star's home town.
2			championship			els fires 64 to surge into lead at wgc american express ernie els finally looks to be over the disappointment of not winning any of this year 's major championships. the south african fired an 8 under par 64 friday
2			league	final	nation	baseball	season	game			expos announcement might come thursday exactly 33 years after the washington senators played their final game, the nation's capital might learn on thursday that major league baseball plans to return next season.
4			user			fellow users are the best support a telephone call to the technical support hotline, or an online chat session with a technician, may not be the best ways to solve computer problems.
2			stock	score	cell	sport	access			yahoo mobile brings search to cell phones yahoo mobile can obtain localized search results, make calls from the results page, and obtain images. shortcuts offer quick access to information, such as weather, stock quotes, sport scores and flight information.
4			technology	storage			hp, brocade integrate san switching, blade architecture it managers concerned about deploying blade technology into heterogeneous environments may have an easier time of it with the recent announcement that brocade 's san storage area network
4			content			feedster includes kanoodle ads in rss feeds feedster includes kanoodle ads in rss feeds feedster, inc. today announced the launch of its rss feed media program. the company rsquo;s rss search feeds will soon contain context targeted ads from kanoodle, inc., a leading provider of sponsored links for search results and content pages. alternatively searchers may opt to pay ...
2			championship	series	season	game	bowl			fox to announce deal to air fiesta, orange, sugar bowls in 06 on monday, fox will announce a four year deal to carry four bowl championship series games, according to an executive familiar with the negotiations, starting with bowls after the 2006 regular season.
2			victory	august	coach	game	sport			moments of unforgettable olympics paul hamm of the usa celebrates with his coach after scoring a 9.837 in the horizontal bar to claim victory in the men 's artistic gymnastics individual competition on august 18, 2004, during the athens 2004 summer olympic games at the olympic sports ...
4			system			eight former peregrine systems execs indicted eight former officials of peregrine systems inc. have been indicted by a federal grand jury for what prosecutors say was a massive conspiracy to commit a multibillion dollar securities fraud over three years.
1			leader	election	bush	president	relation			s. korean leaders congratulate bush south korean leaders marked president bushs re election by sending congratulatory messages thursday and expressing their hope of furthering the progress in bilateral relations in the past two years.
2			science	game	lion			a fitting finish for lions winning close games is an art form a nebulous blend of luck, talent, timing, and intangibles. but chelmsford has it down to a science.
2			card	franchise	playoff	season	game			the cards are destiny's children they were 4 12 last year. they have had a losing record in 15 of 16 seasons since the franchise last relocated. they have won one playoff game since 1947.
1			politics	army			halliburton says army can withold payments halliburton co. on tuesday blamed politics for a us army decision to not grant the company more time to resolve a billing dispute in which the pentagon contends the company did not adequately account for some $ 1.8 billion of work done in the middle east.
4			user			google goes mobile with sms google has launched a search service for mobile devices, based on the sms short messaging service protocol. users can perform searches for phone numbers, dictionary definitions and product
4			war	military	technology			simulation, war's new teacher will interactive is part of a prospering crop of washington area firms trying to sell interactive training and simulation technologies to the military.
3			growth	profit	gain	stock			globally, stocks are poised to advance further despite the strongest global economic growth since the 1970's and outsized gains in corporate profits, 2004 was a decidedly ho hum year for international stock markets.
3			gain	stock	share			biovail, innergex power, shermag: canadian equity preview the following is a list of companies whose shares may make gains or losses in the canadian market. stock symbols are in parentheses after company names.
2			brave	fan	game			fans brave long lines, rain for 'halo 2' debut they lined up hours before the game's release outside eb games in san francisco. i want it as soon as possible, said one gamer. br photos: halo 2 adventure begins
3			investor	share			last call for investors to bid on google time is running out for prospective investors to submit their offers to buy shares of google inc. goog.o , the web's no. 1 search company.
4			piracy	movie	microsoft	technology			europeans investigate microsoft 's intentions the european commission announced wednesday it will extend an antitrust investigation of a move by microsoft and time warner to take control of technology that could help the music and movie industries fight piracy.
4			platform	party	tool	ibm	developer	access			ibm introduces workplace resource center ibm has unveiled, under its workplace platform strategy, an online developer resource centre that will give corporate and third party developers access to tools to help develop products and services for the platform.
4			system	software	file	technology	drop	veritas			hp drops plans to put compaq technology into hp ux hewlett packard hp has abandoned plans to integrate a number of advanced technologies it acquired in its 2002 purchase of compaq into its flagship hp ux operating system. the palo alto, california, computer maker has instead decided to partner with veritas software to bring new file system and clustering capabilities to its unix software, the two companies announced thursday.
3			system	value	stock	share			china automotive stock doubles on pacts shares of china automotive systems inc. more than doubled in value monday after the company said it was chosen as the exclusive steering pump supplier for a vehicle made by saic gm wuling automobile co.
4			supercomputer	scientist	computing			euro supercomputer network boots up a new pan european supercomputing network has opened to help scientists in the eu with their research. we have just completed testing, said david henty of the edinburgh parallel computing centre, a member
3			profit	earnings			reynolds american reports first earnings since merger with b w reynolds american reports a third quarter profit of $ 339 million in its first earnings report since the combination of rj reynolds and the us operations of brown and williamson tobacco.
2			coach			ole miss contacts erickson it 's something i need to look at don 't count san francisco 49ers coach dennis erickson out of ole miss 's hunt for a new coach just yet. on tuesday, erickson met with ole miss athletic director pete boone and chancellor robert khayat for two hours in a santa clara, calif.
3			profit	dow	earnings			nz telecom 1q net likely up but competition hurt mkt shr wellington dow jones telecom corp. of new zealand is expected to post higher net profit for the fiscal first quarter thanks to reduced interest costs, but operating earnings
4			system			maryland court rejects paper requirement for e voting a judge said it would be too costly to allow voters skeptical of electronic voting systems to opt for paper ballots.
3			shareholder			disney directors on trial for a payout directors of the walt disney company went on trial wednesday on shareholder accusations that they rubber stamped a decision by the chief executive, michael d. eisner
2			walk	football	team	play	good	sport			stops and starts in the fast lane michael jennings was a track star at florida state who also wanted to play football but wasn't confident enough to forgo a track scholarship and try the sport as a walk on for a team that good.
2			nba	crowd	basketball	player	game			rockets nip kings as nba travels to china the crowd chanted yao ming's name all game, soaking up the novelty of the nba in another tribute to a player who is fast becoming a one man basketball marketing force in china.
2			game	football			neb. professor connects football, physics a physics professor at the university of nebraska lincoln has published a book that explains how the laws of nature interact with the game of football.
1			lawmaker	president			lawmaker introduces presidential proposal schwarzenegger for president in 2008? no, he's not eligible.
4			system	standard	technology	development			contractors form standards group some of the pentagon's largest contractors, including boeing co. and lockheed martin corp., will begin a joint effort today to encourage development of technology standards that will ensure weapons systems of the future can communicate with each other.
3			enterprise	version			nokia offers slimmed down 9300 communicator nokia nyse: nok is targeting enterprise and consumer customers with a lighter, slimmed down version of its 9300 communicator smartphone, which will be launched worldwide at the beginning of 2004.
2			coach			mountaineers prepared to lead big east west virginia coach rich rodriguez can't help but notice the buzz on campus.
4			user			new numbers for internet phone users a new batch of phone numbers will be assigned to accommodate the emerging market for cheap phone calls over the internet, telecoms industry regulator ofcom says.
4			tool			google launches pc hard drive search tool google inc. on thursday became the first tech heavyweight to tackle the daunting task of uncluttering computers, introducing a program that quickly scours hard drives for documents, e mails, instant messages and past web searches.
3			sale			confidential oracle sales data likely to be released u.s. district court judge vaughn walker said sales documents detailing highly confidential information, such as which companies receive discounts on oracle products and the size of the discounts, are likely to be made public.
3			shareholder	value	sale			update 1: pulitzer inc. says it 's considering sale newspaper publisher pulitzer inc. said sunday that company officials are considering a possible sale of the firm to boost shareholder value.
4			software	symantec			freegate is not trojan horse, says symantec symantec is to stop classifying a software utility that enables chinese surfers to view blocked websites as a trojan horse. the reassessment follows stories earlier this week questioning the designation of
3			stock	earnings	share			; gt; eye on stocks news people will report fiscal first quarter results. analysts polled by thomson first call expect quarterly earnings of 9 cents per share on revenue of $ 2.
3			shareholder			french firms sagem, snecma plan merger french companies snecma and sagem announced a planned 7 billion euro 8.9 billion merger on friday, in a deal that analysts said was driven by political rather than shareholder interests.
3			shareholder	management			banknorth td bank merger gets backing banknorth group's largest shareholder, private capital management, said it plans to vote in favor of the merger with canada's td bank financial group after expressing reservations several months ago. the change increases the likelihood the merger will go through. several of banknorth's major shareholders had reservations because of the deal's structure. td plans to acquire a majority stake in the ...
4			server			uk servers returned to media group by us feds independent media center indymedia , the u.k. based group responsible for running about 20 independent news web sites, said that u.s. authorities returned its servers on wednesday, but the group is still looking for answers as to why the two servers were seized last week.
4			platform	share	version			mazda to share fords hybrid suv mazda will soon introduce the hybrid version of the mazda tribute, which is a shared platform with the ford escape. from the sound of it, this should be coming to market for the 2006 model year.
4			patent	software	technology	developer			palmsource settles digeo patent suit the software developer will become a licensee of the digeo technology in the case.
3			sale	earnings			reebok third quarter earnings, sales up athletic shoe and apparel maker reebok international ltd. on thursday posted better than expected quarterly earnings, helped by improved sales due to acquisitions and the weak dollar.
1			gain	election			china camp makes big gains in hk elections pro democracy candidates in hong kong, stung by sex and money scandals, made only limited gains while the china camp made big gains in directly elected seats in legislative elections, results showed on monday.
3			player	sale			sony to sell mp3 music players in japan sony 's two mp3 players, the nw hd3 with a 20 gigabyte hard disk drive, and the nw e99, with a built in 1 gigabyte flash memory chip, go on sale december 10 in japan.
4			user			'sp2' a must for xp users to get an idea of how windows got to be such a mess, think of it as a house that was built on an island in the middle of a lake, deep in the countryside.
4			mouse	hewitt	design	technology	use	player			best of year: imac g5 naming the imac g5 one of its best products of the year, fortune writes, an engineering marvel, the new imac tucks the computer and speakers inside the expansive flat panel display an advance as welcome as the day that vcr dvd players were encased in the tv monitor box, says thompson paul thompson, director of the cooper hewitt national design museum. built in wireless technology lets you use a cable free keyboard and mouse. dec 10
4			space	system			technical problems delay russian space launch the launch of a russian rocket to the international space station scheduled for october has been delayed because of problems with the docking system, the russian space agency was quoted by reuters as saying.
2			season			slow thanksgiving weekend for us shopping the us holiday shopping season got off to a ho hum start as shoppers lined up for the early bird specials after thanksgiving, then stayed home all weekend.
4			software	ibm	management	content			ibm grabs content management company ibm plans to acquire content management software maker venetica, the 18th acquisition that big blue 's software group has made since 2001.
2			team			how to make a gigapixel picture a dutch team has created the world's biggest digital picture, assembled from 600 individual snaps.
2			play			hbos decides not to bid for abbey uk bank hbos has decided not to make a bid for abbey, the bank has said. many observers had expected hbos to make a play for abbey, which had agreed to a 8.
4			platform	tool	ibm	software	development	code			ibms atlantic tools platform set to sail ibm rational on wednesday plans to flesh out complete plans for the upcoming ibm software development platform, code named atlantic.
2			basketball	coach	country			c usa to undergo transition across the country, college basketball coaches and media members are meeting at conference media days. in birmingham, ala., the university of kentucky 's tubby smith and other southeastern
2			game	playoff			in the air over there it is only oct. 11, but for all practical purposes, the loser of this game faces a mountain too big to climb to make the playoffs.
2			coach	career	season			brown calls it a career hubie brown retired as coach of the memphis grizzlies yesterday due to health reasons. unexpected health related issues will not allow me to continue coaching the memphis grizzlies, the 71 year old brown said in a statement from memphis. this situation was unforeseen and absolutely nonexistent at the beginning of the season.
1			parliament	coalition	minister	party	prime			lithuanian pm for coalition without labor party lithuanian prime minister algirdas brazauskas said he will be looking for a new coalition in the new parliament but made it clear that any coalition with the labor party, led by russian born businessman viktor uspaskich
3			profit	sale			google sales, profit double on ad revenue google inc. said third quarter profit and sales more than doubled as it sold more advertising and attracted more internet surfers to its web sites.
4			volume	technology			sony starts mass producing oled displays yesterday we talked about how toshiba and canon have formed a joint venture to develop sed display technology. now comes news that sony is ready to start volume production of oled displays.
1			leader	party			suharto party to elect new leader indonesia's largest party is electing its new leader in bali in what is one of the most critical periods in its history.
4			point	ram	design	talk	software	feature			palmone announces the tungsten t5 its not really much of a surprise at this point, but at least we can now openly talk about the t5 and its specs. the palmone tungsten t5 features a tungsten e esque design, a brilliant 320x480 display, 256mb ram, bluetooth and several software updates.
4			platform	content	java	software	developer	source			eye on it nokia today at ctia it launched preminet, a global mobile content initiative and distribution platform. preminet will source and certify java and symbian os software from developers and content publishers, giving
3			profit			sony banking on mgm deal to boost profits sony corp. is banking on the $ 3 billion deal to acquire hollywood studio metro goldwyn mayer inc...
3			growth			tivo 's loss widens, subscribers grow digital video recorder maker tivo inc. on thursday reported a wider quarterly net loss as it increased spending to accelerate subscriber growth.
3			general	sale	stock	share			diageo raises 1.84bn from share sale diageo has raised $ 2.26bn 1.84bn from the sale of 49.9 million shares of common stock held in general mills. the shares were sold for 45.
4			technology	second			update 3: lucent cuts retirees health benefits for the second time in a year, telecommunications equipment maker lucent technologies inc. is reducing benefits promised to thousands of its retirees.
3			airway	holding			update 1 us air creditors back plan to dump labor contracts major creditors holding billions in claims on tuesday supported plans by us airways quote, profile, research to void labor contracts covering thousands
1			election			economy added far more jobs than expected in october the first employment survey released after the election said u.s. businesses added 337,000 jobs almost twice as many as expected last month.
1			talk			sprint: no comment on reported nextel merger talks sprint declined to comment on rumored merger talks with nextel communications, first reported yesterday.
1			party	election	project			cbo projects $ 442 billion federal deficit the congressional budget office is projecting that this election year's federal deficit will reach $ 422 billion, congressional aides said tuesday, the highest ever, yet a smaller shortfall than analysts predicted earlier this year. the figure, provided by aides who spoke on condition of anonymity, is sure to provide political fodder for both parties during the remaining two months of the presidential and congressional campaigns...
4			grid	system	application	server			who needs clustering? clustering, or grid server configurations, have matured, with built in capabilities that have taken out some of the intimidating factors inherent in the system topology. as a result, clustering has become more practical for a broader range of i.t. applications and sectors.
2			league	holding	baseball	season	game			xm satellite radio signs baseball deal com. xm satellite radio holdings inc. on wednesday said it has signed an 11 year, $ 650 million deal to broadcast major league baseball games beginning with the 2005 season.
4			science	nasa	technology	spacecraft			nasa 's dart launch postponed nasa and orbital sciences corp. have postponed today 's launch of the demonstration of autonomous rendezvous technology dart spacecraft because the target satellite, multiple paths, beyond line of sight communications
3			sale			washington bound expos hire ticket agency the expos cleared another logistical hurdle in their move to washington on friday, announcing an agreement with ticketmaster to handle ticket sales.
4			jason	technology			fancy express to nowhere sure, there's the slick technology and stunning visuals, but the animated polar express doesn't do the book any favors. by jason silverman.
4			microsoft	software			hackers target microsoft jpeg hole images posted in news groups may install remote control software on vulnerable pcs.
4			development	developer			multiplex may miss contracts should westfield buy chelsfield multiplex group, an australian construction company, may miss out on uk development contracts should westfield group 's proposal to buy property developer chelsfield plc succeed, merrill lynch co.
4			microsoft	software	patch	technology	server	application			virtual server 2005 fills gap in microsoft line new virtual machine technology can be used to test software patches and migrate aging windows nt applications. by john foley, paula rooney, crn.
4			user	upgrade	generation			tales from the next generation millions of pounds will be spent in the coming months trying to persuade people to upgrade to 3g phones. what do two users of the services which have been launched already think about what their fancy phone can do?
4			cell	trick	linux	hardware			wireless ip with sprint, usb, and kernel 2.6 i've blogged before about how to setup your sprint vision phone with their mythware which is a perfect word for 1 2 of sprints product line vision ip services. most recent phones are capable of acting as a usb modem when connected to your favorite laptop. there are a few tricks involved and its mostly a black art. to that end i'll quickly review whats necessary to configure linux 2.6.7 with a nokia 3588i. hardware the first step is to get the right hardware. first off don't start with sprint. they won't acknowledge that this is even possible. the only hardware required is a sprint connected cell phone with support for their vision data service. an additional usb cable is req ...
4			system	bell			taking on no. 1 say the name verizon , and most consumers in america get some clear pictures in their mind. the phone company. the bell system. the wireless test guy asking, can you hear me now?
3			trading			apple bitten by watchdog uk watchdog the office of fair trading is investigating claims that apple is ripping off its uk customers. the investigation follows a complaint that uk customers were having to shell out more for the reassuringly
2			player	coach	season			sour taste left by turnovers with the regular season less than a week away, coach doc rivers and the players agree a lot of work remains, so the celtics may practice twice today.
3			leader	profit	earnings			google profit up in 1st reported quarter web search leader google inc. , in its first earnings report as a publicly held company, on thursday posted a higher net profit as revenue more than doubled on strong web search advertising.
4			scientist	town	technology			no strings attached but where 's the catch? sometimes even the largest technology companies act as if their chief scientist or head of marketing has gone to town with a cow and traded it for a bean.
3			investor	profit			a strategy for shell? shell outlined a profit strategy of modest acquisitions and no buybacks. investors sold.
1			talk			envoys report progress in iran talks two days of talks in paris between iranian and european delegations about iran's nuclear program ended late saturday without a formal agreement, but diplomats said progress had been made.
2			play	player	game	cent			europe left cold by portable video european consumers want music not video or games on their portable gadgets. according to jupiter research only a lowly five per cent of people would like a music player which could also play films.
1			party	victory	election			congress leads exit polls in key indian state india's ruling center left congress party was heading for victory in elections in the key western state of maharashtra that the heart of business and bollywood, television exit polls showed on wednesday.
1			politics	opposition			kgb legacy of poison politics doctors confirm that dioxin poisoned ukraine's opposition candidate viktor yushchenko.
1			president	election			florida voters may have plenty time to elect next us president florida elections supervisors want to give voters several days to elect candidates, a proposal offered after early voting in last month's presidential election apparently helped avoid a repeat of the 2000 election debacle.
1			president			agent ovitz defends tenure at disney description: in a closely watched trial in delaware, former hollywood agent michael ovitz took the stand yesterday to defend his tenure as president of the walt disney company in the mid 90s.
2			team	season			juan pablo montoya makes west mclaren mercedes debut juan pablo montoya made his debut for the west mclaren mercedes formula one team as preparations for the 2005 season commenced at the circuit de catalunya
1			fighting			bhopal activists accuse indian govt of failing to bring main accused to book activists fighting for victims of the world's worst industrial accident in 1984 have accused the indian government of dragging its feet on the extradition of the main accused in the case, us industrialist warren anderson.
1			leadership	democrat	party	side			why the democrats are sucking i just read an article on the village voice website that summed up one of the complaints i have had for some time about the democratic party: they won't fight. at the same time, they are trying to convince conservative voters to vote for them instead of the republicans and are losing votes on the liberal side as a result. for both of these problems, i blame the democratic leadership council.
2			glitch	sport			ford to check 740,000 suvs for glitch ford motor co. announced plans on monday to notify about 740,000 owners of 2004 model year explorers and mercury mountaineers of a potential transmission problem in the popular sport utility vehicles.
4			platform	trading			fx platform fxall launches money market service multi bank currency trading platform fxall has launched a money markets service, the company said on wednesday.
4			technology			at forms net phone alliance com september 21, 2004, 3:39 pm pt. there 's no doubt the internet will continue to make its mark in the world of business and technology.
4			system	microsoft			survey says microsoft overtakes palm microsoft overtook palmsource in the third quarter as the world 's biggest operating system for handheld computers, a survey showed friday.
3			share	profit	stock	hit	sale	retailer			profit taking clips stocks after a rollercoaster of a ride today the share market ended in negative territory on a frenzy of profit taking in the afternoon. retailers were hardest hit following disappointing sales figures released yesterday
2			sport			racing: rule of law applies the finishing touch one of the factors that the decriers of the st leger often forget is that an integral part of this sport is the spectacle that it provides.
4			use	system	technology	adobe			adobe does document security electronic document giant adobe systems said that it was partnering with digital certificate company geotrust to provide technology that will allow documents that use adobe 's popular pdf portable document format to be digitally certified.
1			president			ioc sets up probe into marion jones allegations international olympic committee ioc president jacques rogge announced december 7, 2004 he had set up a disciplinary commission to investigate allegations made against us sprinter marion jones by balco chief victor conte.
2			player			search startups target clustering as the major players in web search duke it out, a growing number of startups are embracing a different way of retrieving and sorting search results.
1			leader	minority	election	party	democrat			democrats have bad case of the blues after losing back to back presidential elections, democratic leaders are trying to figure out how to make the party more relevant to mainstream americans and keep it from slipping into perpetual minority party status.
4			speed	amd	ibm	researcher	technology	silicon	gain			ibm, amd speed chips by straining silicon wafers researchers at ibm and advanced micro devices inc. have improved a chip making technology called strained silicon, boosting semiconductor performance at a time when such gains are increasingly hard to come by, the companies said on sunday.
2			champion	good			another good day for sharapova in zurich reigning wimbledon champion maria sharapova had a better day than fellow russian vera zvonareva at the swisscom challenge on wednesday.
3			profit			sainsbury warning could be followed by another j sainsbury, the deeply troubled supermarket group, yesterday gave its third profits warning since march, and some analysts fear that a fourth could arrive as early as next tuesday.
1			fighting			cnnfn network to close by mid december cnnfn, the financial news cable network owned by time warner inc. , on thursday said it will cease operating by mid december, after fighting a losing battle against the far larger rival cnbc.
4			technology	price			german chipmaker infineon to pay 160 million dollar antitrust fine washington : german microchip giant infineon technologies agreed to plead guilty and to pay a 160 million dollar fine for participating in an international conspiracy to fix prices us officials said.
1			leader	region	election	development			southern african development community agrees on new election guidelines southern african leaders have agreed to a set of rules aimed at enhancing the transparency of elections and democratic rule in the region.
2			speed	team	victory	win	coach			american swimmers fired up by relay win the u.s. swimming team was slow off the blocks but is heading for home at full speed propelled by tuesday's dramatic relay victory, u.s. women's head coach mark schubert said on wednesday.
4			cell			senate 's cellular stand it 's been four months to the day since i last wrote on the subject of the cell phone industry 's plan to publish your unlisted cell phone number for all the world to see and charge you for the privilege.
1			president			ovitz: disney execs knew of agency pact michael ovitz, walt disney co. 's former president, said thursday it was common knowledge while he was at disney that he was receiving payments for selling his stake in the talent agency he co founded.
4			firewall	pas	software	vendor	technology			kerio partners must pass rigorous exam to carry new serverfirewall kerio technologies, a vendor that specializes in perimeter and messaging security, has rolled out a new channel program and a new software based firewall.
3			investment			in about face, giuliani goes wall street new york former mayor rudolph giuliani of new york, who forged a reputation as a tough prosecutor in the 1980s partially by going after wall street cheats, is now joining wall street by forming his own investment advisory practice.
4			broadband	run	technology			keeping internet phone service simple two former mci executives, joyce dorris and paul erickson, want to bring internet phone service to mainstream america. we're in the beginning of a wholesale transformation to have communications run over internet technology, said erickson, chief executive of sunrocket, a start up in vienna. if you have broadband, you'd be silly not to put your phone service on the internet.
4			system	good	microsoft			microsoft, intel moves are good news for it microsoft wants to get its next operating system in shipping shape by taking away one of the legs of the three legged stool upon which the system would be built.
4			user			group tracks us companies that send jobs offshore a union group on thursday unveiled a web site that lets users identify more than 200,000 us based companies it says have exported american jobs or lost them because they were hurt by foreign trade.
4			standard	technology			phone firms rush to get tv on mobile phones europeans came a step closer to having television on their mobile phones on friday when two groups of companies announced plans to push forward with consumer trials and establish a standard for the technology.
2			raven	game	title			disney sends out three disney interactive announced today that it has shipped three tv based titles for the game boy advance: disney 's that 's so raven, disney 's lizzie mcguire 2: lizzie diaries, and disney 's lilo stitch 2: hamsterviel havoc are all now
3			profit	sale	holding			kmart posts profit after cost cuts kmart holding corp. kmrt.o on monday reported its third consecutive quarterly profit despite slumping sales as it cut jobs and reduced advertising and discounts, boosting its cash pile to $ 2.6 billion.
4			cell	shot	technology			cell phones increasingly used to snap the news twice in one month the biggest dutch newspaper published front page pictures shot by amateur photographers using their mobile phones, showing how advances in technology can assist traditional media in gathering news.
3			sale			circuit city quarterly loss narrows circuit city stores inc. on friday reported a narrower quarterly loss from continuing operations as sales of higher margin warranties and improved distribution helped offset weak merchandise sales.
2			coach	talk	football	sport			talk the talk the sports world is the foremost haven for clichis, and there might be no better place to unearth them than through college football coaches.
4			percent	jump	growth	profit	system	networking	technology			cisco's fiscal 1q profit jumps 29 percent cisco systems inc.'s fiscal first quarter profits jumped 29 percent as the network equipment giant saw growth in its traditional routing markets as well as its emerging technologies like internet telephone and home networking gear.
1			crisis			ex prosecutor becomes chief at firm in crisis the new head of marsh mclennan cos., michael g. cherkasky, has three key traits working in his favor: clean hands, a reputation for toughness and the right friends.
2			team			beagle team unveil potential successor to failed mars mission the team behind beagle 2, the failed mission to land on mars and search for life, has unveiled potential plans for a successor, it emerged today.
2			war	game			nintendo, sony start pre holiday push nintendo co. ltd. struck the first blow in what is set to be an all out war with sony corp. for the lucrative handheld game console market, aggressively pricing its new dual screen model at $ 149.
2			team			hamilton is suspended u.s. cyclist tyler hamilton was suspended from his professional team wednesday and put on notice that his contract would be invalidated if he is found guilty of the drug charges against him.
4			system	exchange	sec	technology			sec inks deal for online posting of financial statements the securities exchange commission sec has signed a 128 million peso contract with several information technology firms to help develop the agency 's online reporting system for philippine companies.
2			champion	cup	race	win			makybe diva becomes first mare to win australia 's biggest horse ... defending champion makybe diva won the $ 4.2 million cdn melbourne cup on tuesday to become the first mare in the 144 year history of australia 's most famous horse race to win twice.
4			design	technology	institute	standard	scientist			miniscule atomic clock demonstrated in us washington, sept. 1. uni : scientists at the us commerce department 's national institute of standards and technology nist are demonstrating the design of a new miniscule atomic clock that could be used
4			war	ipod	technology			creative declares marketing 'war' against ipod creative technology ltd. chief executive officer sim wong hoo told reporters in singapore his company plans to spent us 100 million in 2005 in a marketing war aimed squarely at apple computer inc.'s ipod. the mp3 war has started and i am the one who has declared war, hoo said.
1			election			poisoned. but whodunit? the ukrainian election takes a new twist after a stunning medical disclosure
4			networking			startup exploits new way of networking hen checking into a hotel room for the first time, how many times have you been frozen by the air conditioner the last occupant left on full blast?
4			system			new palm operating system targets smart phones palmsource inc...
1			president			knight ridder names new cfo newspaper publisher knight ridder inc. on monday named steve rossi, who had been president of its newspapers division, as its new chief financial officer.
4			single	technology			toshiba brings perpendicular data recording to hdd according to jcn network, toshiba has announced a new breakthrough technology in hard disk drives hdd based on perpendicular recording, setting new benchmarks for data density, boosting the capacity of a single 1.8 inch hard disk platter to 40 gigabytes
2			player	football			clarett is charged up but can't dent ohio st. the story du jour in college football is former ohio state running back maurice clarett publicly unloading a truckload of charges against the buckeyes, including cash payments, summer jobs for which he and other football players were paid without showing up, fiddling with grades, gut courses that ensured his continued eligibility, and free loaner cars arranged by the coaching staff.
4			software	access			report says irs software program isn 't doing the job the program, designed to let the agency detect and analyze cases of unauthorized access to taxpayer data, hasn 't worked correctly since the irs took delivery in 2002.
4			networking	technology			feedster and eurekster mix rss, blogs, and social search feedster and eurekster mix rss, blogs, and social search feedster, inc., the rss feed and blog search engine, today announced that it will power rss and blog search results for eurekster, the internet search engine powered by social networking technology. by integrating feedster rsquo;s news search technology and rss feeds, eurekster now ...
3			profit	sale	earnings			goodrich posts higher 3rd quarter profit aircraft brake and landing gear maker goodrich corp. gr.n: quote, profile, research on tuesday posted higher quarterly sales and earnings and raised its full year forecasts as an improving
4			tool			why hope springs eternal forbes magazine, which once adapted the old marxist taunt capitalist tool as a slogan, has compiled a list of the 400 richest americans that, in a curious way, is an encouragement to the rest of us.
2			game			bobble by mohr costs giants game dustan mohr of the san francisco giants sat in front of his locker with his head buried in his hands. even in a new ballpark, right field in san francisco remains treacherous territory.
4			desktop	tool			yahoo plans desktop search yahoo will release a desktop search tool in early 2005, joining other search engines looking to catalog a variety of information beyond web pages, the company said friday.
4			technology	fall			iaea envoys wrestle with iran resolution u.s. and european diplomats tentatively agreed thursday to demand a new iranian freeze on uranium enrichment by fall as they fine tuned a draft resolution meant to deprive iran of technology that could be used to make nuclear weapons.
4			patent	software	sale	technology			bankrupt commerce one patents fetch 15.5m bankrupt internet software maker commerce one inc. auctioned off dozens of prized online patents for 15.5 million in a sale that could provoke a legal scuffle over whether the new owner is entitled to collect royalties from a long list of technology heavyweights.
2			basketball	dream	team	night	victory	game			dream team salvages bronze, dignity bronze is better than nothing. that's one olympic lesson the u.s. men's basketball team was able to understand. the americans took the third place game seriously saturday night, earning some revenge and salvaging some self respect in a 104 96 victory over lithuania. although they didn't get what they wanted in athens, they didn't embarrass themselves in their finale, either.
3			investor	profit			investors watching consumers jitters new york sept. 26, 2004 when nervous consumers hold on to their money, wall street gets nervous about profits. so the question investors hope will be answered in the coming week is, just how nervous are consumers these days?
3			earnings			reynolds reports 1st earnings since merger tobacco company reynolds american inc., reporting earnings for the first time since the combination of rj reynolds and the us operations of brown williamson
1			affair			former princess diana bodyguard disproves claim the late princess dianas former bodyguard, ken wharfe, dismisses her suspicions that one of her lovers was bumped off. princess diana had an affair with barry mannakee, a policeman who was assigned to protect her.
2			basketball	player	coach			former kan. junior college coach indicted wichita, kan. dec 14, 2004 a former junior college basketball coach was indicted on charges that he provided false academic information about his athletes to division i schools looking to recruit the players.
3			inventory	sale			hairballs haunt cisco rising sales and net income isn't always what it seems, especially when there's a big, fat inventory hairball in the way.
4			system			canada needs more efficient financial system: bank of canada ... there is a perception in international financial circles that canadian markets are the wild west and it hurts canadian companies when they try to raise money abroad, bank of canada governor david dodge said thursday.
3			decline	strength	profit	sale			volkswagen reports seventh quarterly profit decline volkswagen ag, europe 's largest carmaker, had a seventh consecutive decline in quarterly profit on higher sales incentives and the strength of the euro versus the dollar.
2			coach			marseille to hire troussier french power marseille have reached an agreement in principal for philippe troussier to become its new head coach.
2			play	game			half life shoots up sierra valve, the makers of half life, have won a court battle against their distributors sierra studios over the rights for pay as you play games.
4			system	retailer			inks deal with private dns firm privately held ultradns corp. says it had struck a deal to provide domain name system services to online retailer inc.
4			software	application			borland focuses on uml modeling borland software this week is breaking up its together controlcenter package for uml modeling into separate products for developing, designing, and architecting applications.
1			relation			blogger is now surprisingly cool blogger is now surprisingly cool i have had a love hate relation with googles blogger service. i started blogging with it. it just stopped working for me one day and i moved on. but since then i have had minor brushes with the updates that google added with time and it ...
4			technology			report: telecordia to be bought for $ 1.3b warburg pincus equity partners and providence equity partners are reportedly in negotiations to buy telecordia technologies for $ 1.
1			president			ninty boss slams psp as ds shipment target raised sony 's forthcoming playstation portable handheld will fail to attract newcomers to gaming, according to nintendo president satoru iwata, whose comments come as shipment targets for the ds are raised once again.
2			league	referee	football	card	soccer	chelsea	file	match	sport			sports file the yellow card didier drogba received for diving during chelsea 's premier league soccer match at aston villa has been rescinded by referee rob styles, the football association said yesterday.
1			democrat	president			cia nominee promises to shed partisanship president bush's nominee to head the cia promised tuesday to shed his political past and provide precise, objective and independent intelligence to the president and congress. but after a 4 1 2 hour confirmation hearing, some democrats on the senate intelligence committee were not convinced...
2			united	manchester	season	second	game	sport			live on sky sports 2, 5pm this is, in my opinion, one of the biggest games manchester united have played for years. it may sound strange ahead of what is only the second game of the season, but don 't think this is one they can afford to lose.
2			nba	detroit	night	indiana	player	piston	fan	game	sport			4 suspended after nba melee nba commissioner david stern indefinitely suspended four players who took part in an ugly melee with fans, now regarded as one of the worst in sports history, in a friday night game between the indiana pacers and the host detroit pistons.
2			coach			new mexico coach gets 2009 extension new mexico signed coach rocky long a contract extension through 2009 on tuesday. while details of the new contract are still being worked out, long is getting a pay raise of
3			shareholder	share			the long, long oracle peoplesoft saga could yet have many miles to journey the oracle of oracle seems to have pulled another rabbit out of his hat in his quest to buy rival peoplesoft . a majority of peoplesoft shareholders appeared poised friday to accept oracle's offer of 24 per share, though two analysts said it would be close. oracle planned to reveal results of its tender offer at about midnight, after press time.
4			exchange	technology	identification	access			nokia unveils near field communication product nokia has unveiled the nokia nfc near field communication shell, which allows consumers to access services and exchange information with a touch gesture using nfc technology a technology that emerged from the combination of contactless identification
4			technology			starbucks : rip music while drinking coffee starbucks coffee today announced the national launch of the hear music media bar. this new service, powered by hp technology, allows starbucks customers to create personalized cd compilations and burn full
2			nfl	franchise	game	football			ea video game 'madden' tops 1.3 million first week madden nfl 2005, the latestversion of electronic arts inc.'s erts.o pro football videogame franchise, sold more than 1.3 million copies in its firstweek of release, the company said on thursday, citing internalfigures. p
3			space	ship	enterprise			13 things we can expect from ric virgin ceo richard bransons virgin space ship enterprise is set to set the world on fire. we dose him with cold water with our rundown of things to expect with the launch of virgin galactic.
2			champion	career	football	ncaa			house panel tackles ncaa's sanctions champion skier jeremy bloom told a sympathetic congressional panel tuesday that the ncaa cut his college football career short without giving him a fair chance to argue his case.
3			value			mci takes financial charge for q3 mcion monday announced an approximately $ 3.5 billion charge against its third quarter financial results to reflect a decrease in the value of the company's assets.
3			investor	earnings			battling oracle and surviving despite its ongoing fight to thwart a takeover, investors still got to celebrate stronger than expected earnings. can this be sustained?
2			minute	game			half life 2 in stores now vu games sends word that half life 2 is now officially in stores: why is the first minute of tuesday, november 16th so newsworthy?
3			investor	investment			beware abuses of 529 plans in an effort to protect investors, the leading private sector provider of financial regulatory services, the nasd, routinely scans the investment horizon and issues investor alerts when potential abuses pop up.
3			sale			rolls royce boss steps down after 5 months germany 's bmw ag said monday the head of its ultra luxury rolls royce car brand, karl heinz kalbfell, has resigned to take up new responsibilities outside the company, which has been struggling to meet its sales targets for the superluxury brand
3			share			easyjet soars as icelandic airline buys 33m stake easyjet 's shares yesterday soared 21pc after icelandair bought an 8.4pc stake worth 33.5m in the budget airline. it follows weeks of market speculation about a possible
1			secretary	politician			blunkett must go if claims true conservative politicians have stepped up the pressure on home secretary david blunkett over accusations he abused his position by speeding up a visa for his ex lover 's nanny.
4			system	researcher			immune find may help transplants immune systems can perhaps accept tissues from people with other blood types, canadian researchers find.
4			mini	card	technology	access			wi fi undergoing fundamental shift wireless local area network lan or wi fi technology is undergoing a fundamental shift as embedded mini pci card adaptors take over from pc card adaptors as the dominant access devices, new research has claimed.
4			system	technology			ford scraps oracle based procurement system automaker dumps everest procurement system to revert to older technologies.
2			basketball	tournament	round	final	team	win	game			basketball: u.s. men cruise past angola, 89 53 the u.s. men's basketball team got their first comfortable win at the olympic basketball tournament monday, routing winless angola 89 53 in their final preliminary round game.
2			play	player	club			plug and play the montreal expos look to be a nicely stocked expansion package, choked full of appealing players both in the majors and minors with little club debt baggage.
4			system	software	microsystems			sun rolls out solaris 10 sun microsystems nasdaq: sunw today came out swinging with the launch of the latest solaris operating system, announcing that the new and improved unix based software would be offered for free.
4			system	microsoft	version			ms details windows xp media center 2005 striving to reignite interest in windows xp, microsoft plans to unveil the latest version of its windows xp media center edition operating system today.
4			investor	software			progress software avoids crash and burn progress software produces results in a tough market, but investors really don't care.
4			technology			new toshiba hard drive uses perpendicular technology toshiba corp. has developed a 1.8 inch hard disk drive that achieves a 40 gbyte capacity by employing a perpendicular recording technology for the first time.
4			user			apple paypals around apple nasdaq: aapl is making its itunes service a little more user friendly, by teaming up with ebay 's nasdaq: ebay paypal to facilitate payments.
2			night	fan	game			fans throng for first crack at new game 'halo 2' it takes a special kind of person to stay up all night and stand in a line nearly 250 people long just to buy a video game but for rabid fans of the first halo on the xbox video game console, it was well worth the wait to buy the new halo 2.
4			ibm	software	sale	technology			peoplesoft tightens ibm ties as it fights off oracle business software maker peoplesoft inc. strengthened its ties with technology giant ibm corp. on tuesday, hoping to boost its recently sagging sales as it continues to fight oracle corp.
3			share	stock	good	sale	concern			richemont sparkle lifts european stocks sparkling sales from luxury goods giant richemont helped lift european shares on thursday, quelling concerns about advertising firm havas' plans to issue more shares and the drag effect of a weaker wall street..
2			team	race	season	win	prix			montoya ends first formula one season with brazil win juan pablo montoya left his first job in formula one by winning sunday 's season ending brazilian grand prix. david coulthard 's last race for the mclaren team after nine seasons ended in disappointment.
1			minister			minister urges hunting compromise rural affairs minister alun michael urges peers to accept a compromise on hunting and says time is running out.
2			game	sport			canadian arrested for interrupting the games after diving into pool olympic organizers increased security inside all sports venues tuesday after a canadian spectator climbed out of the stands and jumped off one of the boards into the pool.
3			profit			steelcase posts profit, sees problems steelcase inc. scs.n: quote, profile, research , the world 's largest office furniture maker, on thursday swung back to a quarterly profit from the previous quarter, but warned that rising
3			decline	growth	profit	sale			volkswagen reports seventh quarterly profit decline volkswagen ag, europe 's largest carmaker, reported a seventh consecutive decline in quarterly profit as domestic demand weakened and sales growth in china slowed, making the full year profit target harder to reach.
2			basketball	good	game			mourning looks good in return four seconds after he checked into his first basketball game in nearly a year, alonzo mourning drilled a jumper from the foul line, then pointed to the ceiling.
4			microsoft	software	file	code	version			problem with the way microsoft opens jpeg files affects dozens of ... a remote attacker could take complete control over computers running many versions of microsoft software by inserting malicious code in a jpeg image that executes through an unchecked buffer
4			project	development			intel finally cancels digital tv screen project in another development in what is becoming a depressing year for intel, the company has announced that it has finally abandoned plans to get into the digital tv screen business.
4			platform	enterprise	linux	standard	source	version			linux standard base takes on industry fragmentation analysts say a new standard version of linux should go a long way to raise the platform's chances in the enterprise by improving open source software's interoperability.
4			java	ibm	developer	development	use	project			trilog eases domino to java transition trilog group this week rolled out an integrated j2ee development framework designed to let ibm lotus notes developers use their existing skills for j2ee development projects.
2			basketball	team	win	play			nets take wild ride to win alonzo mourning never said he doesn 't want to play basketball. he just doesn 't want to play it for the nets. but mourning said he would continue to play hard every time he 's on the floor, no matter what team he 's on.
4			qualcomm	technology			qualcomm to pay $ 170 million to acquire iridigm qualcomm said yesterday that it would pay $ 170 million to acquire iridigm display corp., a small company that has patented technology used in screens on wireless devices.
2			race			brazilian gp, race fernando finished fourth in brazil after a masterful drive while jacques took tenth place.
1			leader	final	debate			bill overhauling intelligence faces uncertain fate in senate the senate opened a floor debate today and moved toward a final vote on a bill endorsed by 9 11 commission leaders.
4			system			gilat and cisco collaborating on satellite interface routers gilat satellite networks tase, nasdaq: giltf has entered into an oem original equipment manufacturer agreement with giant telecoms equipment manufacturer cisco systems.
4			platform	microsystems	upgrade	broadband	application	access			sun unveils upgrade of thin client platform sun microsystems inc. on monday unveiled an upgrade of its thin client platform, which enables access to corporate applications and data through broadband enabled home and satellite offices.
4			speed	software	linux			palmsource to build palm os on linux update buys chinese phone software firm to speed release
4			speed	networking	standard	suspect			802.16: medium distance wireless networking that could change the world? the sort of new ieee 802.16 metropolitan area network standard man promises to break the cable modem dsl monopoly on the last mile of internet connectivity to peoples' homes. with ranges up to 30 miles and speeds up to 70 mbps it seems like a pancea. while i suspect the actual usable speeds and distances will be considerably less, my real question is where is it? this standard has been in the works for years.
4			management	technology	storage			nstor sells off telecoms management unit the data storage company is selling its stonehouse technologies unit for $ 6.5 million.
1			system	election			new backup voting system may pose problems call it the law of unintended consequences. a new national backup system meant to ensure that millions of eligible voters are not mistakenly turned away from the polls this year, as happened in 2000, could wind up causing election day problems as infamous as florida's hanging chads.
4			standard	microsoft	mail	technology			ietf deals setback to microsoft antispam effort an antispam technology proposed by microsoft corp. as a standard way of identifying the senders of e mail messages suffered a blow last week when a group within the
2			player	race	game	country			colin mcrae rally 2005 more of a simulation game than asphalt, colin mcrae rally 2005 lets the player race through eight different countries australia, finland, france, greece, italy, kenya, sweden and the uk.
3			sale			court asked to lift bar on interstate wine sales seventy one years after the repeal of prohibition, the us supreme court was told yesterday that the constitutional amendment that ended the noble
2			table	uefa	top	cup	sport			schalke trying to hold off feyenoord in uefa cup rotterdam, the netherlands sports network a top of the table clash between schalke of the german bundesliga and dutch power feyenoord highlights matchday 4 of the uefa cup group stage.
4			round	microsoft	reading	technology			firefox reviewed a browser for microsoft haters written by net 4 nowt anyone reading technology news articles can not have failed to have read something about a new web browser currently doing the rounds.
4			telescope	space	nasa	technology	use			nasa hedges bets on hubble the space agency taps lockheed martin and md robotics to build robotic technology it may use to repair the ailing hubble space telescope. by amit asaravala.
4			user	talk	software	use	cell	application			cingular handset talks to users software application is intended to help the visually impaired make full use of their cell phones.
4			outsourcing	software	application	hardware			mom farms out all it related functions the ministry of manpower has taken the unprecedented step of outsourcing its entire it applications, hardware, software and services.
4			wifi	technology			stepping out of shadows of wifi a short range wireless technology is finally coming of age.
1			president			peoplesoft cans ceo conway, appoints founder duffield on friday, peoplesoft announced the board of directors decision to terminate craig conway as president and ceo of the company, effective immediately.
2			champion	race			devers and moore called up by usa gail devers and lashaunte a moore will replace torri edwards, the usa 's suspended world champion, in the olympic 100 and 200 metres races in athens.
1			party	specie			sadc trio to hunt black rhino the parties to the convention on international trade in endangered species cites have granted namibia, swaziland and south africa permission to hunt five of the once highly endangered black rhino population annually for sustainable utilisation of the
2			tennis	game			how an it girl lost her groove, then found her game there was once an it gal of tennis who graced the national magazine covers, drawing so much attention from the paparazzi and fashionistas that she made her peers as jealous as lottery losers.
3			hit	earnings	vendor			vendor hit with costs for recertifying electronic voting machines ... new york diebold inc., the leading maker of automated teller machines, today reduced its third quarter and full year earnings forecasts as it absorbs costs for recertifying its electronic voting machines in california and
2			team	series			no shame in failing to this australian team former australia fast bowler merv hughes believes that the absence of sachin tendulkar in the first two tests and sourav ganuly in the next two is the main reason for india 's poor showing in the ongoing series against australia.
2			dame	coach	football	sport			notre dame will not retain willingham south bend, ind. sports network the university of notre dame announced tuesday that tyrone willingham will not be retained as the head football coach for 2005. the school has scheduled a news conference for 4 p.m. est.
3			investment	fund	holding			singapore govt fund may offer $ 110 million report singapore 's state investment arm temasek holdings pte may buy a stake in china minsheng banking corp., according to a published report.
4			content	vendor	value	management	file	technology			oracle and hp expand offerings to value added resellers through partnerships with leading technology vendors intended to leverage the capabilities of oracle files 10g, oracle has announced evidence of strong support for its content management offering.
4			ibm	software			gaudi's cathedral gets help from dassault, ibm spanish architect antoni gaudi's unfinished sagrada familia cathedral is nearing completion faster with the help of software from france's dassault systemes and ibm, dassault said on tuesday.
4			average	computing	technology	microsystems			sun shows pleb ready thin client at long last, sun microsystems has delivered a new set of thin client technology that could well push the slim computing devices into the hands of the average consumer.
2			play	league	coach	team			as roma coach resigns to be near sick wife as roma 's new coach cesare prandelli has resigned, just two weeks before the start of league play, citing the need to be near his sick wife, the team announced friday.
2			team	morning	president	mike	sport			that 's the spirits nascar allows spirits sponsors nascar announced wednesday morning that it will now allow sponsorship from distilled spirits for teams in the sport. we felt the time was right to allow distilled spirits companies into nascar, said mike helton, president of nascar.
3			strength	profit	earnings			profits up for farm equipment maker deere deere co. de.n , one of the world's largest farm equipment makers, on tuesday said quarterly earnings jumped sharply, driven in part by strength in its agricultural and construction equipment businesses.
1			election			bills for domestic programs, disaster relief get support faced with pressures to deal with a spate of unanticipated natural disasters as well as with the election year needs of dozens of key constituencies, congress moved this week
3			retailer			the inspiration for change is rooted in retail they greet customers with starbucks coffee, obsess over the exact placement of their teller counters, and monitor customers' reactions to their every move. as banks become more customer focused, they are increasingly looking to retailers for ideas of how to build a better bank branch. after years of ignoring branches during the dot com boom, banks now are giving them more ...
3			sale			web shoppers open their wallets wider web sites racked up $ 17.6 billion in retail sales in the third quarter, according to estimates released friday by the us commerce department.
2			play			johnny depp says he actually enjoys aging unlike legions of other hollywood stars, hipster heartthrob johnny depp says he actually enjoys aging. the boyish looking depp who plays the author of peter pan in his latest picture finding neverland was asked if the children's character famed for never growing old made him wish for the same power...
1			high	election			provisional vote fight nears high court the supreme court, which settled the last presidential election, may be drawn into this one even before election day.
4			system	high			high tech roads forecasting system ready a new high tech computer system that provides pinpoint weather forecasts for specific stretches of highway, tested in iowa over the past two winters, is attracting interest from transportation officials worldwide.
2			coach	football			orgeron introduced as ole miss coach new mississippi football coach ed orgeron answers a reporter 's question, in oxford, miss., thursday, dec. 16, 2004, moments after he was introduced as the new head coach.
4			tool	email	technology			yahoo! to test new anti spam tool yahoo! inc. and eathlink inc. today announced they would begin attaching digital signatures using a new anti spam technology to all of its outgoing emails to separate e mails from unwanted soliciting emails spam.
4			standard	project	finance			stanchart buys us $ 1.5b anz loans to boost project finance standard chartered has agreed to buy us $ 1.5 billion hk $ 11.7 billion worth of loans from australia and new zealand banking group anz to beef up its project finance operation.
2			second	debate	sport			fox hunt protest turns violent in the second major security breach in london this week, five fox hunting enthusiasts stormed onto the floor of the house of commons yesterday to disrupt a debate on banning the centuries old sport.
4			use	tool			visionaries outline web's future the web will be more interactive and will use tools to mine its vast pool of data, say experts.
2			medal	team	win	sport			french to appeal after losing gold the french olympic team is to appeal to the court of arbitration for sport to try to win back its three day event olympic gold medal in athens.
4			hit	microsoft	hardware	generation			more than a money maker, halo 2 helps set stage for xbox 's next ... while halo 2 is already a huge hit for xbox out of the box, parent company microsoft hopes the ripple effect of halo 2 lasts well into its next generation of gaming hardware.
2			good	game	score			giving a game a good score game makers need to spend time to make sure that music adds to the playing experience.
1			fighting			saudi call for jihad a group of saudi religious scholars have signed an open letter urging iraqis to support jihad against us led forces. fighting the occupiers is a duty for all those who are able, they said in a statement posted on the internet at the weekend.
2			player			entertainment to go reviewer examines three categories of portable audio players, and adds video to the mix.
4			software	microsoft			microsoft to pay $ 113 million to california lawyers a judge is ordering the microsoft corp. msft to pay $ 112.5 million to attorneys who successfully sued the software maker for monopolizing a segment of california's market...
4			use	software			mobiles get magnifier software magnification software to help visually impaired people use mobiles has been developed by a spanish firm.
1			politics	bush			workplace now terrain of politics pella, iowa ; in this week's frenzied competition to boost voter turnout, the quiet effort of companies like vermeer manufacturing could prove crucial for the bush campaign.
4			application			fda panel rejects astrazeneca drug a u.s. panel of medical experts recommended on friday that u.s. regulators reject astrazeneca's application to sell its anti clotting drug exanta.
4			lab	talk			funding woes threaten mit's dublin media lab mit media lab officials are engaged in sensitive talks with the irish government this week over the future of the 4 year old media lab europe in dublin, which is facing a funding crunch.
2			sport			ceefax marks 30 years of service the bbc's teletext service, ceefax, celebrates 30 years as tributes pour in from the worlds of news and sport.
4			platform	speed	hardware	system	software	management			sap, infineon unveil rfid management system the new platform is designed to help companies speed the deployment of smart tag systems and cut the costs of managing both hardware and software components from several suppliers.
4			microsoft	system	bea	software	technology	server	use			dialing for tech dollars selling a 1 million server software requires more finesse than selling a crock pot, right? maybe not. some of the biggest names in technology, like cisco systems, microsoft, bea systems and peoplesoft, now use a tactic traditionally reserved for unwitting consumers after 6 p.m.: the cold call.
2			race			race driver killed in crash race car driver tommy baldwin was killed in a crash at thompson international speedway during a featherlite modified race.
4			system	good	police	design			wanted by the police: a good interface how the flawed interface design of a police dispatch system became a municipal issue in san jose.
4			software			pay heed to domestic market, it firms told indian software companies, which have been busy conquering the world and neglecting their backyard, should not continue doing so. this is because the domestic market is going to grow into a huge opportunity
4			user	content	software	developer	movie	application			nokia eases mobile movie buys forum nokia, the global developer support program of mobile giant nokia, has announced an innovative software application that makes it easy for end users to discover, try and buy mobile applications, content and services.
1			president			mexicans lukewarm on fox call for nationalist show a government call for mexicans to show unity by singing the national anthem en masse met a tepid response on wednesday in another embarrassment for president vicente fox.
4			stock	trading	technology			stocks close higher before holiday u.s. stocks closed higher on wednesday, with technology stocks google inc. and apple computer inc. leading the way in quiet trading as wall street wound down for thanksgiving.
3			stock			eye on stocks for wednesday, sept. 1 a much watched alzheimer 's medicine forest laboratories nyse: frx news people was developing with germany 's merz failed to show a statistically significant benefit in a clinical trial.
4			user			virgin eyes mobile jv in china virgin group chief richard branson said yesterday he has earmarked us $ 300 million for a cellular phone joint venture on the chinese mainland, the world 's largest mobile market by users.
2			player	final			sony considers adding native mp3 support to its players some outlets are reporting that sony has decided to add native mp3 support to its digital music players, but the electronics giant says it has not yet made a final decision.
4			high	speed	technology			intel eyes wimax wireless chip maker will being testing the emerging, high speed wireless technology.
1			fighting			lycos calls off tactics to stop spam the web portal lycos europe on friday terminated a spam fighting campaign that had been criticized as a breach of internet civility.
3			shareholder	retailer			redenvelope fends off dissident challenge redenvelope, the san francisco online gift retailer, on friday fended off a challenge by dissident shareholders unhappy with the its performance but has still left some questions unanswered.
1			system	election			backup voting system woes may loom anew call it the law of unintended consequences. a new national backup system meant to ensure that millions of eligible voters are not mistakenly turned away from the polls this year, as happened in 2000, could wind up causing election day problems as infamous as florida's hanging chads...
1			minister	president	finance			chirac loyalist takes finance job herve gaymard, farm minister and loyal backer of french president jacques chirac, takes over the finance ministry from nicolas sarkozy.
3			exchange	stock	share			nasdaq to offer $ 100m in shares the nasdaq is jumping into the gold rush to sell shares of itself to the public, getting a head start over its rival, the new york stock exchange.
4			cell			california is first to enact cell phone number privacy law californians will have the right to decide for themselves whether their cell phone number is listed in a planned wireless 411 directory under a new bill signed into law last friday sept.
4			technology			kodak's restructuring develops the legendary film company is cutting slower growing segments in favor of newer technology.
1			party	democrat	war	election			senior house repulican in re election war having served 17 terms, illinois rep. phil crane is the most senior republican in the house. his quest for an 18th is proving difficult and has party strategists scrambling to fend off a challenge from democrat melissa bean.
4			system			paypal battles to restore service ebay says its paypal system is slowly getting back to normal after breaking down six days ago.
4			user	ibm	feature	server			ibm adds midrange server to eserver lineup ibm today launched a new one to four way midrange power5 server that features higher performance and several configurations to meet a wide range of user needs.
2			premiership	game	season			sturrock leaves southampton manager paul sturrock has left southampton by mutual consent, becoming the first managerial victim of the season after only two premiership games.
4			ibm	upgrade	system			ibm upgrades websphere middleware product ibm has issued an upgrade of its websphere middleware product, adding autonomic troubleshooting capabilities that autmatically detects system problems and recovers web based business transactions that would take days to fix manually.
4			server	networking	storage			tech edges ahead at japan show at ceatec, sony unveils a home server packed with a terabyte of storage. also: networking via ordinary light fixtures?
3			retailer			yet another bidder emerges for australian pub operator australia 's largest retailer, coles myer, waded into a takeover battle for the pub operator australian leisure and hospitality group yesterday, offering 1.18 billion australian dollars $ 856 million in a bid with a local bank.
2			play	movie			first look: hp's hot new dv1000 notebook well designed notebook lets you play movies and music sans windows.
2			ranger	athletics	team	series	texas	game			oakland athletics team report september 22 barry zito has been in excellent form over his last few starts, and the oakland athletics need him to continue in that direction tonight when they battle the texas rangers in the middle test of an important three game series at
2			game			false report of swedish king's assassination on faked bbc website hoaxers imitated the bbc news website on the internet, including a fake announcement that king carl xvi gustaf of sweden had been assassinated in athens while attending the olympic games, according to reports.
4			researcher	development			sow your phone, reap a flower researchers at the warwick manufacturing group at the university of warwick, uk, along with pvaxx research development, have devised a way to recycle discarded mobile telephones.
4			standard			americans accused of torture sentenced three americans accused of torturing afghans in a private jail were found guilty wednesday by a three judge panel, after a trial criticized by the defense as failing to meet international standards of fairness.
4			system	united	technology			utc agrees to buy kidde for $ 2.8 billion united technologies corp. agreed on thursday to acquire britain's kidde plc for $ 2.8 billion in cash in a deal aimed at expanding the u.s. conglomerate's security system business.
4			hardware			dell gets down to ce business zdnet 's survey of it professionals in october kept upgrading hardware at number two on the businesses radar throughout the year.
4			bug	software			logiclibrary buys bug catcher software company plans to acquire bugscan, which makes software to automatically check for program errors.
2			team	game	football	diego			utah football team gearing up for game at san diego state below are some brief notes on this week 's utah football game at san diego state. for the complete release, please choose the pdf option.
1			party	reform	leader	opposition			cameroon polls 'will not be fair' the leader of cameroon's main opposition party calls for reforms ahead of next month's poll.
1			witness	politician	debate			dog lovers appeal to n.b. politicians not to restrict dogs based on breed fredericton cp an elderly rottweiler named clancy became a character witness for her breed on tuesday as public debate began on proposed legislation to restrict certain kinds of dogs in new brunswick.
4			processor	speed	sharing	technology	core			intel pushes dual core tech to mainstream intel is on track to introduce work sharing dual core processors across all its product lines by the end of next year. the technology is part of a strategy shift at intel away from processor speed and toward performance.
4			computing			lycos screensaver for anti spam vigilantes a screensaver that uses idle computing power to identify the sites of spammers and forward data traffic to them has been too successful, according to reports, generating so much traffic that the sites are being forced off line.
2			stadium	final	game	sport			relay debacle ends jones jinxed games here in the land of myth, that familiar god of sports karma threw a bolt of lightning into the olympic stadium yesterday. marion jones lunged desperately with her baton in the 4 x 100m relay final, but couldn 't reach her target.
4			user	pack	space	enterprise	system	design	management	server			opteron gets power management in an effort to help enterprise users get a handle on power and heat issues associated with new server designs that pack more processing punch in smaller spaces, advanced micro devices on monday announced that systems built with its 32 64 bit opteron
2			team	hit	race	championship			elite us eights entry hits wall princeton training center i.e. the us national team nearly had the men's championship eights won in one of the head of the charles regatta's most prestigious races yesterday.
2			graphic	team			opinion: transcript not incriminating kobe bryant 's defense team spent months trying to keep his comments to investigators sealed. now that the details are out admitted adultery, graphic sexual details and bryant 's hope of paying
4			worm	virus	software			hp looking to ward off viruses hp announced today that they are working on software to throttle viruses which could ultimately slow the spread of viruses and worms.
1			attack	country	party	violence	opposition			fear of violence grips b desh on day of mass strikes dhaka, aug 30. pti :fear of violence gripped bangladesh as the country 's two major parties faced off on the streets today to protest the deadly grenade attack on the main opposition rally which killed 20 people and injured more than 300.
2			cup	race	victory	championship			mayfield looking to move up in dover jeremy mayfield needs more than a victory at dover international speedway in delaware to get back in the thick of the nextel cup championship race.
2			baseball			baseball legend bonds testifies using balco substances: report baseball star slugger barry bonds told a grand jury that he used a clear substance and cream from a firm embroiled in a doping scandal, but never thought they were steroids, the san francisco chronicle reported.
4			platform	software	version			palm produces smartphone os palmsource has introduced a new version of cobalt, its software platform for smartphones. the new smartphone os includes wi fi and bluetooth support and an enhanced web browser.
4			content	qualcomm	technology			qualcomm pushes multicast cdma the company behind most cdma technology is now planning to go multicast in order to allow faster and more stable streaming content.
2			game	title			atari 's sid meier 's pirates! sails into stores atari, inc. nasdaq: atar and firaxis games announced today that the highly anticipated sequel to one of the most popular and loved titles in gaming history has shipped to retail stores nationwide.
4			software			oracle sets peoplesoft deadline oracle yesterday raised its hostile takeover offer for rival software company peoplesoft by 14, to $ 8.8bn 4.37bn , and for the first time set a deadline for acceptance of the bid.
3			profit	earnings	outlook			ivey: reynolds american earnings up, increases 2004 outlook smoker 's delight: reporting earnings for the first time since it was created by the merger of rj reynolds and the us operations of brown williamson tobacco, reynolds american nyse: rai news people posted third quarter profit of $ 339 million, or
4			software			peoplesoft extends its poison pill customer offer wilmington, delaware peoplesoft said tuesday that it was extending a money back guarantee program that it says is designed to protect customers in the event of a takeover by the rival software maker oracle.
4			feature			nokia remote camera integrates motion detector, video capture helsinkinokia corp.s new nokia remote camera wireless home monitoring solution features an integrated motion detector and video capture with sound.
4			system			news: u.s. tackles emergency alert system insecurity the fcc acknowledges that the government mandated network that lets officials interrupt radio and television broadcasts in an emergency is vulnerable to electronic tampering.
1			relation			banks didn't merge to create more jobs to all who have been fired or laid off: this is life. get over it ''hundreds laid off at fleet offices, aug. 19 . free markets allow for such things and when this merger happened, not a soul outside of the public relations people for the bank thought that this merger would take place without the loss of many positions. after ...
4			technology			embedded wi fi market undergoing major shift one of the hottest technology markets, wireless lan wlan , or wi fi, is undergoing a fundamental shift, according to in stat mdr
3			good			coffee, tea or job? for airline workers, an uncertain future or decades, an airline job was a coveted plum. good pay, generous benefits, strong unions and the glamour of air travel made pilots, flight attendants, mechanics and even baggage handlers the envy of their neighbors.
2			baseball			in washington, it ll be let 's go nats as expected, the montreal expos are about to get their new name: the washington nationals. a city official and a baseball official, both speaking on condition of anonymity, said friday that
2			game	win			giants fail to follow through after bye when it comes to winning after the bye week, the new york giants are on the five year plan. every five years, they win a game after a bye week: 1990, 1995, 2000.
4			software	licensing			customers cool on subscription software a study on software licensing shows that companies are getting ahead of their customers on subscription based billing.
4			system	management	vendor	season			report: online shopping sites struggle to keep up with demand online retail sites struggle to keep up with consumer demand during the first week of the holiday shopping season, according to internet performance management vendor keynote systems inc.
3			sale	retailer			mixed bag for neiman marcus upscale retailer reports strong first quarter results followed by weaken than expected november sales.
4			point	technology	developer			motorola to acquire meshnetworks motorola inc. is acquiring meshnetworks inc., a developer of a wi fi based technology in which a person's mobile device doubles as a network relay point that can transmit a signal between other devices.
2			cup	title	race	championship			everything will be decided at today 's nextel cup race the nextel cup championship, after 35 races, winds down to one, and the same man who will start on the pole in todays ford 400 occupies a similarly lofty perch in the title race.
2			champion	race	season			ferrari still able to astonish even in the most one sided formula one season in years, champions ferrari still have the ability to astonish. their eighth one two finish in 15 races was met
3			stock			stocks to hold up, but anxiety over drugs u.s. stocks should hold firm next week with little economic data or corporate news on tap to move the market going into the christmas holiday, strategists said.
3			share			peoplesoft says again oracle bid inadequate, it won 't sell peoplesoft inc. said its board remains convinced oracle inc. 's $ 24 a share takeover bid is inadequate and said it will not sell the company for less than it 's worth.
3			good			do they know it's simplistic? band aid's intentions are good, but africa needs more than just a christmas jingle
4			microsoft	standard	enterprise			nokia launches enterprise security initiatives setting its sights on the microsoft mobile camp, nokia has kicked off two standards initiatives intended to strengthen its appeal to enterprise it.
3			management	airway			us airways to cut jobs and wages troubled us airways is to cut hundreds of management and non union jobs, and cut wages, in a bid to save $ 45m 25.2m a year towards its survival.
3			stock	share			nextel buys shares from motorola nextel communications said monday that it has purchased shares of its own stock and nextel partners from motorola.
4			user	technology			3com to buy tippingpoint for $ 430 mln 3com corp. on monday said it will buy network security firm tippingpoint technologies inc. for about $ 430 million, as 3com expands its telecommunications equipment offerings to compete better in the market for large corporate users.
4			user	licensing	microsoft	software	development	project			uk nhs it project cuts new deal with microsoft the uk 's national health service nhs has signed a software licensing deal with microsoft corp. that the nhs says will provide for the development of a user interface specifically designed for the organization
2			season			gateway spices up new notebooks the computer maker unveils four new laptops, with an eye on the upcoming holiday season.
2			coach	football			utah coach seems florida bound with widespread reports asserting that utah coach urban meyer has accepted an offer to become the next football coach at the university of florida, the most serious potential suitor for university
2			ali	champion	fan	joe	sport			four heavyweight champs is the same as none over the last four decades, even the casual sports fan could usually name the accepted world heavyweight champion, beginning with boxing 's golden era of muhammad ali, joe frazier and george
3			profit	software			peoplesoft bounces back to profit peoplesoft, the software maker that is the target of a hostile takeover bid from industry heavyweight oracle, returns to profit in the third quarter.
4			generation			vodafone finally launches 3g mobile london based vodafone has finally rolled out its mass market third generation or 3g mobile telephone services after a four year wait, billions of pounds spent on licences and numerous delays.
3			share			peoplesoft ousts ceo in oracle battle in oct 1 story headlined peoplesoft ousts ceo amid oracle battle, please read in paragraph 16 ... originally offering 16 a share ... instead of ... originally offering 19.50 a share ...
4			system	microsoft			sun shines on interoperability progress with microsoft microsoft and sun have declared some progress in their efforts to achieve interoperability citing co operation on web services standardisation and deployment of windows on sun systems.
4			platform	fan			fans keep newton in motion the first gathering of the worldwide newton association this weekend in paris promises a surprise that may extend the life of the aging but much loved apple handheld platform. by leander kahney.
2			game			burial site found near ancient olympia archeologists have discovered ancient graves near ancient olympia, the hallowed site where the olympic games were born in 776 b.c., the culture ministry said thursday.
4			technology	price			infineon execs get to serve time over price fixing four senior executives of german chipmaker infineon technologies will serve jail time and pay steep fines for their role in a scheme to fix prices in the memory chip market, said the us department of justice.
4			generation			nokia demos first mobile ipv6 call nokia has demonstrated what it claims is the world 's first mobile call made over the next generation ipv6 internet protocol. the call, made using nokia 's cdma dual stack handset, combined real time streaming
3			sale			last call for jack daniel 's? brown forman 's whiskey sales are strong but wall street sees cracks in the company 's china sales. by parija bhatnagar, cnn money staff writer.
4			server	technology	price			infineon to pay $ 160 million in settlement of price fixing case washington federal prosecutors have announced that they have cracked a global cartel that had illegally fixed prices of memory chips in personal computers and servers for three years, and that one of the companies involved, infineon technologies, had
3			application	enterprise			in brief: bowstreet unveils pre packaged portal offerings bowstreet this week launched its enterprise portal solutions, a set of portal based composite applications designed to bolster employee, partner, and customer productivity.
